###Chapter 1 - 1 The Husband From Heaven
The Husband From Heaven
Translator: Henyee Translations
Editor: Henyee Translations
“You’re already married! Why are you here to register again?!
“Don’t you realize it’s a crime to be a bigamist?”
…
Keira Olsen, startled, stepped out of the courthouse, holding a just-printed marriage certificate.
The man who had accompanied her here to register looked at the stunning woman and lamented, “Miss Olsen, you’re already married. Why did you hire me for a sham wedding?”
After saying that the deposit was non-refundable, he left in a hurry.
Keira bit her lip, still reeling from the shock.
She’d never even had a boyfriend. How could she possibly be married?!
She lowered her head to look at the printout in her hands.
In the certificate photo, the girl appeared a bit constrained with a forced smile. The mole on the corner of her eye proved that it was indeed her. As for the man…
He had heavy features and a prominent nose. His thin lips curved into a faint smile as he stared into the camera lens intently as if they were piercing through the paper.
His mystery and commanding presence couldn’t be concealed, even in a black-and-white photo.
She then looked at his name: Lewis Horton.
She was certain she never met this man!
What on earth was going on?!
Keira took out her phone, snapped a picture of the certificate, opened WhatsApp, and sent it to a contact with a black avatar. “Help me figure out who this is.”
She got an instant reply. “Got it.”
Only then did Keira momentarily set aside her confusion. She climbed onto her old electric scooter and slowly rode into an upscale villa area, returning to the Olsen family.
Today was her older sister, Isla Olsen’s, big day. Her future husband was coming over for the betrothal.
The house was brilliantly decorated with servants busying about in an orderly fashion. A few temp workers had also been hired for the occasion.
Keira parked her scooter in a corner and heard the chatter of the temp workers and servants she passed by.
“Who is she? She’s so pretty!”
“Shush, she’s the illegitimate daughter that the Boss doesn’t acknowledge.”
“Her mom was the mistress. When Mrs. Olsen was about to give birth, she showed up heavily pregnant, demanding rights, and they both delivered on the same day. That old woman has got balls. She has made up all sorts of excuses and not left the house.”
“At least Miss Keira knows her place. She moved out in junior high and hasn’t been back for many years. I wonder what brings her here today…”
Keira kept her gaze lowered, pretending not to hear their talk, and walked into the living room.
Her mother, Poppy Hill, was waiting at the door. The woman, still elegant at such an age, anxiously pulled her upstairs as soon as she entered the house. “Come with me to see your sister. By the way, did you get the marriage certificate?”
There was no emotion in Keira’s voice. “Yes.”
It was technically true, even though the groom was someone else.
“That’s good. You have to remember your place. Jake Horton is your sister’s fiancé. He’s from a high-ranking noble family, something an illegitimate child like you could never hope for! Only your sister is worthy of him!”
Hearing these words, a touch of mockery flashed in Keira’s eyes.
Jake Horton, the legitimate grandson of the first branch of Oceanion’s preeminent Horton family, pursued her for four years in college, only to propose to Isla on graduation day…
Upon learning about the proposal, Poppy demanded Keira to immediately find someone else to marry, extinguishing any potential between her and Jake.
That’s how it had always been…
Whenever there was even the slightest chance of a conflict of interest between her and Isla, Poppy would demand her to unconditionally give way.
Because she was the illegitimate daughter, her mere existence was a sin.
As a child, she was brainwashed into believing that undergoing all those hardships was a natural thing.
But now she was no longer oblivious.
Keira’s expression was solemn as she stressed each word, “We agreed. This is the last time.”
Poppy was the culprit. She was the one who clung to the Olsen family day after day just to see her man, and she was the one who wanted to appease Isla. Keira wouldn’t ruin her own life for Poppy’s sake.
Today’s event was to repay Poppy for giving birth to her. After that, they were even.
Poppy sounded annoyed. “I heard you.”
In the middle of their conversation, they arrived at Isla’s room.
The pretty girl was like a princess in her stunning dress. She was sitting on the sofa selecting her jewelry, and the room was filled with the glamorous sparkle of gemstones.
Keira, dressed simply, maintained her straight posture despite the contrast.
Isla greeted her upon seeing her. “Keira, what brings you here?”
Before Keira could answer, Poppy interjected, “Isla, Keira got married today.”
Isla was surprised. “So soon? Who’s the guy? Is he better than Jake?”
Poppy said in a mocking tone, “Of course not! There isn’t a single person in all of Oceanion of higher standing than young Mr. Horton! Isla, do you really think she could find a decent suitor? The loser she married didn’t even dare to come here with her. He’s afraid that his poverty-stricken appearance will offend your sight!”
Isla asked with a hint of jealousy, “How can that be? Keira’s so pretty; otherwise Jake wouldn’t have pursued her for four years.”
“What’s the use of being pretty? A shabby shoe will only match a ragged sock. Given her status, only the scum of society would marry her. Young Mr. Horton merely saw her as a toy and a passing amusement. Only you, Isla, with your status, are a match for young Mr. Horton…”
Keira frowned.
The man in the photo, with his looks and presence, didn’t seem to correspond with Poppy’s description of a ghetto husband and scum at all.
But she couldn’t be bothered to refute these frivolous remarks.
Right at that moment, Isla finished picking out her jewelry. She wanted to put on her heels but found it difficult to bend over due to the tight-fitting dress.
Isla gave Keira a slight smile.
Immediately, Poppy pushed Keira. “Useless girl, always so oblivious! Your sister is having trouble. Now go on and help her put on her shoes!”
Keira was speechless.
It was always like this.
Did Poppy still think she was that naive, ignorant little girl who wouldn’t know how to fight back even when bullied?
Her eyes were cold, and her voice hinted with impatience. “You can help her yourself.”
“Keira Olsen, what’s this attitude? Do you think you’ve grown wings just because you’re married now? Your husband is nothing more than a freeloader! In the end, you’ll still need to rely on the Olsen family!”
Poppy raised her voice. “If you don’t make peace with your sister now, there will come a day when you and your husband will come begging her for help! Besides, the Olsen family raised you, so you should be serving the family like a servant!”
At that moment, a tall figure appeared at the door. It was their father, Taylor Olsen.
The man frowned. “A distinguished guest is about to arrive, and you’re arguing here?”
Isla remained silent, playing innocent.
Poppy, however, played the victim. “It’s all because of this cursed girl. She’s looking down on her mother just because she got married today… ”
Taylor fixed his gaze on Keira, “You got married? Why didn’t you let us help introduce someone decent to you? Where’s the marriage certificate, let me see… ”
Faced with this estranged father’s so-called concern, Keira hesitated for a moment before fishing out the printout from her bag.
However, the very next second, it was snatched away by Poppy. “Let me see what kind of loser you married!”
Isla asked curiously, “Dad, who’s coming that’s got you so nervous?”
Upon thinking of the guest, Taylor instantly brightened up. He excitedly announced, “It’s Lewis Horton.”
Keira was immediately taken aback.
Who?
###Chapter 2 - 2 Husband!
2 Husband! 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Isla looked confused, “Who’s Lewis Horton? Is he really important?” 
Keira was also curious and listened. 
She had some connections in Oceanion, but she had never heard that name. 
Taylor said, “It’s normal for you not to know him because he’s a mystery. Even I have never met him. He is Jake Horton’s young uncle. He’s only 28 years old and is now the real power holder in the Horton family!” 
Poppy gasped, “Doesn’t that make him a better match for Isla than Jake?” 
The one in power is much better than any legitimate grandson of the first branch! 
Taylor snapped, “Nonsense, Mr. Horton is married!” 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
Married… 
If he really was the man in the marriage certificate, then it would seem that Lewis should know what’s going on. 
Poppy seemed disappointed, “Who’s his wife? She’s even luckier than Isla.” 
Keira quickly looked at Taylor and heard him say, “I don’t know. It’s said that he and his wife aren’t fond of social engagements.” 
Taylor frowned in deep thought. “I’m not sure why he suddenly decided to come here today…” 
The Horton family is the top family in Oceanion, and the one in control has a very prestigious status. 
The Olsen family is just slightly above average in terms of wealth. This marriage was viewed as Isla marrying up. It was impressive enough if the one in power could attend the wedding. Why would he personally show up for the betrothal? 
Poppy interrupted. “Isla must be so outstanding that she has caught the Horton family’s attention! Isla, this diamond necklace isn’t grand enough for such important guests. Let’s find something more extravagant!” 
She stuffed the printout back into Keira’s hand and anxiously led Isla away to pick out new jewelry. 
She seemed to care more about Isla than Mrs. Olsen, Isla’s own mother. 
Keira gave a mocking smile. 
“Sir, the Horton family is almost here.” 
The butler reminded Taylor. As he passed by Keira to go downstairs, he casually said, “You haven’t been home in a long time. Have a celebratory drink and then go.” 
Keira nodded. 
She wanted to stay and see who Lewis Horton really was! 
Inside, Poppy helped Isla pick out her jewelry and put it on for her. 
Looking at the bright girl in front of her, Poppy couldn’t hide her joy and satisfaction. 
Over twenty years ago, if it hadn’t been for Jodie South, aka Mrs. Olsen, she would have married Taylor Olsen! 
She despised Jodie, so purposely made a scene and gave birth on the same day before switching their children in the hospital. 
Now, her daughter was getting married in a grand way, and Jodie was even going to prepare an extravagant dowry for her! 
As for Keira, who had been turned into an illegitimate daughter, she was penniless and had to marry a little punk!! 
How the tables have turned. Poppy believed that Mrs. Olsen deserved it! 
Downstairs. 
Keira lazily stood in the shadow of the staircase, staring at the entrance and waiting quietly for the Horton family to arrive. 
After some time, Mrs. Olsen slowly walked downstairs with help from a servant. She wore a purple dress, looking slightly emaciated. She was full of scholarly spirit and seemed unapproachable. 
The servant said softly, “Ma’am, you’re not well. It’s better if you don’t come down.” 
Mrs. Olsen shook her head and spoke while coughing, “No… I can’t… miss Isla’s… important day…” 
They didn’t notice Keira and headed toward the entrance. 
Keira watched Mrs. Olsen from behind, her eyes filled with admiration. 
It was funny. Mrs. Olsen, who should have the right to hate Keira the most, was the only kind person she met in the Olsen family. 
Poppy didn’t act like a mother at all and often forgot to feed Keira when she was young. 
As a child, Keira was so skinny and malnourished that she dug around in trash cans for food as soon as she learned to walk. 
One day Mrs. Olsen found her doing that, and started leaving food for her in the garden every day. 
She kept up this routine for twelve years. 
If it weren’t for Mrs. Olsen’s kindness, Keira probably would have died of hunger a long time ago. 
Watching Mrs. Olsen getting farther away and hearing the sound of her coughing from time to time, Keira frowned with worry. 
At that moment, there was a commotion at the entrance. The Horton family had arrived! 
Taylor and Mrs. Olsen greeted them at the entrance. They exchanged a few words before stepping aside to let a group of people stream in. 
Keira caught sight of Lewis Horton at once. 
He was wearing a well-tailored bespoke black suit and walking at the front like a moon surrounded by stars. His features were more distinct than in the photos, with a firm profile and strong jawline. 
His deep-set eyes were brooding, his thin lips were stern-looking, and his every move exuded an air of sophistication. 
Perhaps sensing her gaze, the man suddenly looked back at her. 
For a moment, their eyes met. 
His sharp gaze made Keira’s heart flutter. Just as she was trying to observe the emotions in his eyes, he shifted his gaze elsewhere. 
This left Keira somewhat confused. 
From his attitude, she couldn’t tell if he recognized her. 
Taylor asked with a smile, “Mr. Horton, where’s your wife? Didn’t she come with you?” 
At the question, Keira felt Lewis Horton glance at her again. He casually replied, “She couldn’t make it.” 
They chatted while walking to the living room. 
Jake Horton, who had pursued Keira for four years, followed behind the elders. Dressed in a suit, he seemed more mature and stable than in college. He didn’t notice Keira and was whispering to Isla absent-mindedly. 
Everyone seated Lewis at the main seat and began to discuss the marriage arrangements. 
Only then did Keira step out of the shadows. 
She stood quietly there, watching the lively scene in the living room. 
Suddenly, her arm was grabbed by Poppy, who hissed at her, “Keira, what are you still doing here? Can’t you give up on Jake? Let me tell you. He’s your brother-in-law now!” 
Keira freed herself from her grip and smirked. “Don’t worry. I’m not interested in being a mistress. It was Mr. Olsen who asked me to stay for a celebratory drink.” 
Since she was old enough to understand the situation, she had always addressed Taylor Olsen as “Mr. Olsen”. 
Poppy gritted her teeth. “That’s just his polite way of speaking. You actually take it seriously? Do you really not know your place? In a gathering like this, even I can’t embarrass the Olsens, let alone you, an illegitimate daughter. Are you worthy of having a seat at the table? You better leave now.” 
Keira thought, ‘Does she ever stop? It’s so annoying!’ 
Keira frowned impatiently, about to reply, but out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Lewis Horton standing up. He pointed to his phone and then walked toward the balcony, probably to take a call. 
Keira’s eyes lit up. “Fine, I’ll go.” 
She brushed off Poppy and walked out of the living room, but didn’t leave. Instead, she turned toward the direction of the balcony. 
The balcony on the first floor was connected to the small garden outside. 
As Keira got closer, the man on the phone quickly hung up before fixing his ice-cold gaze on her. 
Keira paused. 
Meeting his dangerous gaze, she suddenly smiled and asked tentatively, “Honey?”
###Chapter 3 - 3 I’m Married
3 I’m Married 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
A glass door separated the lively sounds in the living room. 
Keira was staring intently at Lewis Horton, observing his reactions. 
Upon hearing the way she addressed him, he became even more unapproachable. His dark eyes harbored a frosty gaze, devoid of any emotional fluctuation, and he turned to head back to the living room. 
Keira quickly stepped forward, blocking his way. 
Lewis frowned a little. “Out of my way.” 
His voice was deep and pleasant, and his tone carried a touch of elegance, which made people want to hear him speak even more. 
Keira suspected something. “You… don’t recognize me?” 
Lewis looked down at her. “Should I?” 
Upon entering the Olsen family home, he felt that an odd pair of eyes were closely following him. 
That gaze was open and transparent, a far cry from the obsequious and nauseating glances of others. 
That was why Lewis gave her a few more glances. 
The girl was very beautiful. Her skin was fair. Her amorous eyes and the mole at the corner of her eye were attractive but not flirtatious. Although she stood in the corner obediently, she exuded a vague rebellious aura. 
And when she noticed him looking at her, she didn’t evade. Instead, she looked right back at him. 
He had initially thought she was different from the women who threw themselves at him but didn’t expect her to be even bolder than them. She addressed him as “honey”. 
Lewis was a little impatient as he emphasized, “Miss, I’m married. Please behave.” 
Keira was a bit stunned. 
This man clearly didn’t recognize her, yet he said he was married. Was there a mistake in the Civil Affairs Bureau’s registration? 
She asked, “May I ask who your wife is?” 
“It has nothing to do with you.” 
His answer was short and cold. 
Keira took out the photocopy of the marriage certificate and placed it in front of him, “Mr. Horton, this man is you, right?” 
Lewis looked at the photocopy and noticed the name of the woman on it was Keira Olsen. 
Looking up again, he mocked her. “Miss Olsen, an original isn’t expensive, right? You should be more professional if you’re forging this!” 
With that, Lewis didn’t return to the living room. Instead, he strode off to the parking lot through the small garden. 
Keira ran after him, trying to talk it through, but she was blocked by two black-suited bodyguards. 
Keira stood her ground, calling out to him as he walked away. “Mr. Horton, this document is genuine. If you don’t believe it, you can check it with the Civil Affairs Bureau…” 
Lewis didn’t stop. He got in the car and left straight away. 
His personal assistant remained behind and returned to the living room, where he was met by Isla. 
Isla had just witnessed Keira clinging to Lewis Horton but didn’t catch what exactly they were saying. Seeing Lewis leave and Keira riding out on her electric scooter to follow him, she immediately asked, “Why did Mr. Horton leave? Did someone offend him?” 
The personal assistant smiled lightly. “Mr. Horton has some matters to attend to and had to leave early. Could you please inform the elders of the household, Miss Olsen?” 
The boss didn’t reprimand the girl, which meant he didn’t hold it against her. 
Isla immediately nodded, courteously seeing the assistant out. 
After setting the wedding date and finishing lunch, the rest of the Horton family took their leave. 
After seeing off the guests, Taylor was worried. “Why did Mr. Horton leave? Did we do anything to upset him?” 
Thinking back to how Jake seemed distracted all day as if he was looking for someone, and then to Keira’s trouble-causing face, Isla clenched her fists. 
Her eyes flickered. “Dad, I saw Keira pestering Mr. Horton. Mr. Horton seemed really angry when he left, and he left a message…” 
“What message?” 
“Mr. Horton said, he wants you to teach your daughter well.” Isla bit her lip. “With Keira behaving like this, will the Horton family think we’re not disciplining her properly?” 
Taylor’s face turned ashen. 
– 
Keira was riding her electric scooter, and just as she left the villa area, she lost sight of Lewis. 
As she was regretting her actions, her phone rang. 
Upon answering, she heard her subordinate, Samuel’s voice over the line. “Boss, a lot of people have been looking into who Dr. South is lately.” 
Keira raised an eyebrow. “They haven’t uncovered anything, have they?” 
“Of course not. After all, no one would ever guess that Dr. South, who conquered the issue of hydrogen fuel, is actually a harmless-looking young woman who just graduated from college…” 
“Anything else?” Keira cut off his rambling. 
“Oh yes, I’ve found the information on Lewis Horton!” 
“Tell me.” 
“Lewis Horton is the second son of the Horton Family’s old master. Rumor has it that he has a violent and ruthless personality, hence he was sent overseas when he was little. Everyone thought that the family property would be handed over to his elder brother, that is, Jake Horton’s father. However, Lewis Horton returned to the country unexpectedly last week, using some ruthless method to force his old man to retire and take control of the Horton Group.” 
Samuel curiously asked, “Didn’t you find a convenient person for a fake marriage today? How did the groom suddenly turn out to be such a cold-blooded fiend? Boss, if your marital status isn’t stable, it’ll affect the company’s IPO…” 
Keira frowned. “Look up his contact information and schedule. I’ll go talk to him again.” 
The reason she agreed to Poppy’s absurd demand for an immediate marriage was that being married as the legal representative of the company would be more favorable for the IPO. 
But she was married to a stranger and didn’t know what plot she might be involved in. 
Lewis Horton wasn’t an ordinary person, so the best solution would be to get a divorce as soon as possible to avoid unnecessary disputes. 
After hanging up, Keira rubbed her temples. 
Things were a bit troublesome. Given Lewis Horton’s status, he was escorted by bodyguards when he traveled, and it wouldn’t be easy to meet him. 
She shouldn’t have impulsively called him “honey” earlier, which had upset him… 
She sighed, started her little scooter, and slowly headed home. 
Leaving the bustling city center, she arrived at a city village on the outskirts. 
When she moved out of the Olsen family home in junior high school, she didn’t have much money and could only afford to rent an old house here. She had since grown accustomed to it and never moved. 
As she was about to reach her home after turning a corner, an old lady in her 80s or 90s suddenly sprang out from the side of the road! 
Keira slammed on the brakes, narrowly avoiding a collision. 
When she looked at the old woman, she initially thought the woman was trying to deliberately provoke an accident, but quickly realized something was wrong. 
Although the old woman was thin and short, she was well-dressed and didn’t appear to be from an ordinary family. She had a tag around her neck, which had a contact number with a note that said, “If you find this lady, please dial this number. A reward will be given.” 
It had to be Alzheimer’s disease. 
Someone was missing a family member. 
Keira immediately took out her phone and began to dial the number on the tag. 
The old woman was staring blankly before, but she suddenly became active. She grabbed Keira’s wrist, her cloudy eyes shining brightly. “Granddaughter-in-law! You are my granddaughter-in-law!” 
The corner of Keira’s mouth twitched. 
She had been single for 22 years, but suddenly she had another husband. 
Was the Civil Affairs Bureau doing husband wholesale these days? 
She found it amusing and casually asked, “Granny, who is your grandson?” 
The old lady racked her brains. 
What was her grandson’s name again… Oh right, Lewis Horton!!
###Chapter 4 - 4 Granddaughter-in-Law
4 Granddaughter-in-Law 
Translator: 723520741 
Editor: Henyee 
The old lady began. “His name is Lewis… What’s his surname?” 
The name she had just recollected slipped out of her mind again. 
The old woman was somewhat anxious. Her mouth opened and closed repeatedly, yet she couldn’t form the words. 
“Take it easy, ma’am. It doesn’t matter if you can’t remember,” 
Keira consoled her before making a phone call. 
Meanwhile, in a street a few blocks away. 
Lewis was sitting in a Bentley. His face was gloomy and his underling, Tom Davis, was too scared to even breathe. “I’m sorry, sir. I failed you. I lost old Mrs. Horton!” 
Lewis didn’t respond, and his chilling aura made Tom shudder in fear. 
Old Mrs. Horton would often get lost in her thoughts. Who would’ve expected that she would suddenly snap back to lucidity and sneak out when the others were all distracted? 
Having checked the security cameras, they found that she had taken a bus to the suburbs all by herself. 
This area was a bit run down, and many of the streets didn’t have cameras installed, making a thorough search the only option. 
Just then, the phone rang. 
Lewis immediately answered it. A serene female voice came from the other end. “Hello, I have the old lady you’re looking for.” 
“…” 
The air in the car seemed to freeze in an instant, and the temperature felt a few degrees lower. 
Everyone jumped into action. Some prepared to call the police, and Tom was tracking the source of the incoming call. 
Lewis’s eyes were sharp, and his voice was steady. “How much money do you want?” 
“Just kidding… ” The woman’s voice sounded a bit cheeky. “I just want to tell you to take better care of the elderly.” 
Then, she shared her address and hung up. 
Tom sighed in relief, patting his chest. 
What a cheeky do-gooder this woman was! 
Lewis squinted slightly. 
He suddenly found the voice on the phone… oddly familiar? 
Five minutes later, they arrived at the location, but the young woman who had made the call was nowhere to be found. Only a police officer was there with old Mrs. Horton. 
Lewis asked, “Grandma, how did you end up here?” 
Old Mrs. Horton replied mysteriously, “I came to see my granddaughter-in-law. She lives nearby!” 
Lewis paused and sighed. “Grandma, there’s no granddaughter-in-law…” 
“Impossible! I met her!” Old Mrs. Horton complained, “That heartless girl handed me over to the police and just left. Right, give me your phone.” 
Lewis handed her his phone. The elderly lady immediately wrote down the number from his recent calls in her little notebook. 
At last, she had her granddaughter-in-law’s contact information! 
– 
Keira was worried that once the elderly woman’s family members arrived, they’d be overly grateful to her. 
She wasn’t good at handling this kind of situation. 
So, when she noticed the police patrolling, she handed the old lady over to them and went straight home. 
The next morning, she got a call from her university advisor. “Keira, come to the university now!” 
Keira didn’t know what was going on, but she hopped on her e-bike and rushed to meet Professor Miller in his office. As she entered, she found Isla and Poppy there already. 
Keira narrowed her eyes slightly. 
Both she and Isla attended Oceanion University, which was the best university in town. 
Isla got in with her excellent grades. 
Keira, on the other hand, had just founded a company and couldn’t run it remotely. Moreover, she didn’t want to outshine Isla, so she deliberately kept her grades on the lower end and chose the least popular field of study—energy and power. 
Unexpectedly, two years ago, the concept of “new energy” suddenly became a hot topic. 
Isla immediately changed her field of study, and once again, they became classmates. 
It was normal for Isla to be here, but why was Poppy here as well? 
Just as she was wondering, Professor Miller’s serious voice interrupted her thoughts. “Keira, your qualifications for the recommendation for postgraduate study have been revoked.” 
Keira was astonished. “Why?” 
“Your mother says your conduct and background are inappropriate and not compatible with the requirements for advanced-level students,” Professor Miller frowned. “Is there a misunderstanding between your mother and you? You should apologize to her as soon as possible. You have a promising future and should not jeopardize it over trivial matters!” 
Isla sighed when she heard this. “Professor Miller, I’m sure Keira’s mother has her best interests at heart.” 
She looked at Keira. “You offended Mr. Horton, and he made it clear that he wants you to disappear from Oceanion.” 
It took Keira a while to understand that by “Mr. Horton,” Isla was referring to Lewis Horton. 
But all she did was talk to him briefly, and anyway, he didn’t seem angry when he left the day before. Was he that petty? 
On the other hand, Isla was known to lie impassively… 
As Keira was considering this, Isla walked up to her and said, “Keira, this is a plane ticket that our dad bought for you. He said you should go overseas to avoid trouble. If not, even the Olsen family wouldn’t be able to protect you.” 
Keira’s eyes flashed with scorn. 
How nice. “Avoid trouble.” The Olsen family was just afraid that she would get them in trouble! 
She glanced at the destination on the ticket. It was Argentina. 
The country furthest away from Crera. 
How much were they hoping that she would never come back? 
She pushed the ticket back and said coldly, “Don’t bother.” 
Seeing her refusal, Isla took out a bank card and sounded quite sincere. “Are you worried about living abroad? Here’s 6,000 dollars. It’s for your living expenses, coming out of my own pocket. I only have this much in savings right now. Take it. If it’s not enough, I’ll give you more after I get my allowance … ” 
Miss Keira Olsen, a daughter of the prestigious Olsen family, only has 6,000 dollars? 
Keira found this amusing. 
But Poppy snatched the bank card from Isla’s hand. “Isla! What are you doing? The Olsen family is already merciful enough to buy her an air ticket!” 
She looked at Keira and ordered, “You need to pack your things and leave the country right away. I’ve already worked on your university withdrawal.” 
Keira looked at her. “Who gave you the right to make decisions for me?” 
“Because I am your mother! Besides, with your academic performance, further study is just a waste of time; you might even struggle to graduate! It’s better to start working abroad and earn money sooner.” 
Professor Miller immediately retorted, “Ma’am, you’ve been mistaken. Keira has a solid academic foundation during her time at the college… ” 
His words were cut short by Poppy. “Professor, you don’t have to defend her. I know her better than anyone else. Isn’t she pursuing further postgraduate studies just because Isla is? Why doesn’t she get real and see who she is? How dare she compare herself with Isla?” 
Her coarse words left Professor Miller speechless, and then he turned his surprised gaze to Isla. “You want to do postgraduate? I remember that you didn’t have a student recommendation and hadn’t participated in the postgraduate exam.” 
Isla smiled slightly and said modestly, “Yes, I’m taking a special admission route.” 
If a supervisor really appreciated a student, they were allowed to recommend them personally. 
The prerequisite was that they had to be a renowned professor. 
Professor Miller understood and immediately asked, “May I ask who is the professor recommending you?” 
Isla assumed a humble demeanor. “It’s Dr. South. His research on hydrogen energy oil cleaner fuel was successful. He has applied for a patent and was awarded a doctorate.” 
Keira looked at her in astonishment upon hearing this. “Who did you say?”
###Chapter 5 - 5 Figured It Out
5 Figured It Out 
Translator: 723520741 
Editor: Henyee 
Dr. South? 
Keira thought, “Why didn’t I know that I was to recruit Isla?” 
Professor Miller also exclaimed, “You know Dr. South?” 
Isla gave a slight smile, “It’s such a coincidence. My mom helped Dr. South get through school back in the day, so after Dr. South succeeded, he found my family and said that my mom was his lifesaver. For the past few years, he has been providing technical support to our company. He wouldn’t refuse any of my requests.” 
Keira raised her eyebrows slightly. 
When she was young in the Olsen family, she relied on Mrs. Olsen’s care to grow up. 
Therefore, after she had her own career, she contacted Mrs. Olsen under the name “Dr. South” and invented that story so that she could have a reason to repay Mrs. Olsen’s kindness. 
For the past few years, she had been helping Mrs. Olsen’s companies with any technical issues for free. 
But when did she become so compliant with Isla’s requests? 
That was such an exaggeration. 
However, Professor Miller believed Isla. “Where is Dr. South teaching now?” 
Isla replied, “I promised the dean that I would invite Dr. South to teach at our university.” 
“That’s great!” Professor Miller was overjoyed and looked at Keira. “Keira, your research direction is the same as Dr. South’s. When the time comes, I’ll introduce you to him. If Dr. South is willing to speak for you, there might still be hope for your postgraduate recommendation!” 
Isla pretended to be worried. “Professor Miller, are you sure? The Horton family is the richest family in Oceanion, and they allocate a lot of research funds to our university every year…” 
Professor Miller didn’t take this seriously. “Dr. South is in high demand now. I heard that foreign universities like Heddon University and Oxford have all sent him invitations, and many businesses want to invest in him. If Dr. South is willing to step up, the university will definitely choose Dr. South!” 
Isla feigned a sigh. “But Dr. South is doing this for my mother’s sake. If it were for me, he would definitely help us, but Keira is my father’s illegitimate daughter and stands in opposition to my mom… Keira, should I ask Dr. South for you?” 
Keira said, “Don’t bother.” 
She found Isla like a clown. 
Keira smiled slightly and said to Professor Miller, “Professor Miller, don’t bother. As you know, I never wanted to do postgraduate studies.” 
Professor Miller was surprised, and he felt sorry for Keira. 
He was the one who discovered Keira’s talent in the major, and with that, he insisted that she got a postgraduate recommendation. He didn’t expect things to reach this point. 
Tears welled up in his eyes. “Then I’ll write you a job reference.” 
Poppy sneered. “Don’t waste your efforts. She offended Mr. Horton, and she still wants to find a job in Oceanion? She must be dreaming.” 
Professor Miller was indignant. “I don’t believe that anyone can really do whatever they want in Oceanion! If you really can’t find a job, come and be my teaching assistant! I’ll hire you!” 
A warm feeling surged in Keira’s chest. She explained, “Professor, there’s just a misunderstanding between me and Mr. Horton. Everything will be fine after we clear that up. You don’t need to worry.” 
Professor Miller sighed. “If you can clear up the misunderstanding, come back and be my student again.” 
Keira looked at the ardent expectation on her teacher’s eyes and spoke softly, “Sure. I’ll come back.” 
It would be nice to be a tutor at the University of Oceanion. 
However, Isla clenched her fists. 
She didn’t understand. She was an excellent student, but why did Professor Miller only value Keira, who was just an average student?! 
Was this old man also mesmerized by Keira’s pretty face? 
Isla was furious, but she glanced at Poppy, then suddenly said, “Keira, are you going to bother Mr. Horton again? He’s already married. It’s not right for you to do this…” 
Poppy was indeed consumed by anger. 
Smack! 
The sound of a slap echoed in the office. 
Keira’s cheek was stinging, she couldn’t believe that Poppy would suddenly slap her in front of Professor Miller! 
Poppy showed no guilt at all. She pointed at Keira’s nose and cursed. “You ungrateful wretch! After a few years, I see you’ve forgotten the rules of the house! Apologize to your sister right now! Promise that you’ll never see the Hortons again!” 
The warmth in Keira’s eyes slowly faded, leaving only coldness. 
It seemed that Poppy didn’t take her seriously when she talked about “the last time” the other day. She still treated Keira as the ignorant girl who used to obey everything and respected Isla. 
Keira thought, “If she can’t be reasoned with, don’t blame me for being ruthless…” 
Isla was watching from the side, and a sense of satisfaction arose from the bottom of her heart. 
When they were little, Keira would cringe in front of her. She never retaliated when scolded or fought back when beaten. 
After Keira moved out, they met again in college. Keira still looked poor, but she was no longer obedient. 
Isla thought, “It seems that she hasn’t been beaten for years and has forgotten her place! 
Let Poppy teach her a lesson today.” 
Isla was still thinking about this when she saw Keira slowly come over to her, presumably to apologize. 
Isla smiled, but something unexpected happened at the next moment! 
Keira suddenly raised her head and slapped each of Isla’s cheeks in turn. 
Smack! Smack! 
Isla was stunned and befuddled by the sudden assault. 
Poppy yelled and rushed over. “Keira Olsen, how dare you!” 
Keira suddenly turned around! 
Her eyes were filled with a chilling look. She looked like a demon who had crawled up from hell, exuding an aura of bloodthirst! 
Poppy was frightened by her demeanor and froze in shock. “What… what are you going to do? You ungrateful wretch, I’m your mother! Are you actually going to raise your hand against me? You unfilial beast!” 
“You’re a heartless mother, so don’t blame me for being unfilial!” 
Keira’s voice was cold, and she stressed each word. “Stop casting judgment on my life, otherwise whatever you do to me, I’ll make Isla suffer double the amount!” 
She turned away from them and bowed deeply to Professor Miller. “Thank you for looking after me over these four years. I’ll be back.” 
Having said this, she turned around without hesitation and left. 
It wasn’t until Keira left the room that Poppy came back to her senses. She quickly rushed to Isla’s side. “Isla, are you okay? How dare that bitch hit you? That’s outrageous!” 
Isla touched her swollen cheeks, her body trembling with anger, but she calmly asked, “Where did she get the courage to do this?” 
Poppy was stunned, “Does Mr. Horton really take a liking to her? That’s impossible. She’s married. How can Mr. Horton like damaged goods…” 
Isla felt the same. 
But thinking about Keira’s enchantingly beautiful face, Isla suddenly felt unsure… 
Professor Miller was shocked by everything that had happened. 
He looked at Poppy incredulously. When he heard her foul language, he couldn’t help but wonder, 
“Is she really Keira’s mother, not Isla’s?” 
He didn’t know if it was just his imagination, but Professor Miller suddenly felt that the two women in front of him looked somewhat alike… 
* 
Just as Keira walked out of the school gate, Samuel called. 
“Boss, I figured it out! I know why Lewis claimed to be married but doesn’t know who you are!”
###Chapter 6 - 6 Find Granddaughter-in-Law
6 Find Granddaughter-in-Law 
Translator: 723520741 
Editor: Henyee 
The school entrance bustled with people, their faces full of life and vitality. 
Keira walked beside her electric scooter, her lonely presence standing out among the crowd. 
She licked the swollen corner of her mouth with her tongue, her voice raspy. “Speak.” 
“The Horton family appears prestigious, but their inner strife has been intense over the years. The old man favors the eldest son’s family, intending to hand over the family business to the first branch. As the youngest son, Lewis Horton has been constantly suppressed. 
“A few years ago, the old man arranged several untrustworthy individuals for Lewis to marry. The conflict was heated to the breaking point, until Lewis announced he had married a woman from an ordinary family, stopping further marital arrangements. 
“Well, his wife is quite interesting. She has never appeared in public or attended any Horton family banquets. 
“So to sum it up, the truth is…” 
Samuel intended to create suspense, but Keira had already come to a realization. “Understood. Have you found out his schedule and contact information yet?” 
Samuel was taken aback and awkwardly said, “I’ll send you his schedule for the next few days, but I was unable to find his private number.” 
Keira calmly replied, “Don’t worry. I’ll find him in person.” 
It was normal not to be able to find the private number of someone with Lewis Horton’s status. 
Samuel immediately became curious. “He’s usually surrounded by bodyguards and isn’t easy to get close to. Do you plan to use force or…” 
“Let’s stay low-key for now.” Keira’s lips curled up into a mischievous smile. “Besides, I’m a woman. I can’t just force myself in.” 
Samuel didn’t know what to say. 
* 
Horton Group Headquarters was located in the city center of Oceanion, a massive iconic skyscraper that showcased the extravagant wealth of the Horton family. 
Keira tidied her courier uniform and walked in holding a delivery box, telling the receptionist, “This is a package for Mr. Horton. He must sign for it personally.” 
The receptionist called the secretary’s office before granting her approval to go upstairs. 
Keira stepped into an exclusive elevator and arrived at the top floor, the 88th. 
Stepping out of the elevator, a vast open space came into view. 
More than a hundred people worked in the secretary’s department, all serving one person: Lewis Horton. 
Following the secretary who had come to receive her, Keira smoothly arrived at the president’s office. 
Upon knocking, a pleasant voice came from inside, “Come in.” 
Keira breathed a sigh of relief, just as she thought she would successfully meet Lewis Horton, a tall and thin figure suddenly blocked her path. 
Tom Davis, the assistant, scrutinized her. “Miss Olsen? Why are you here?” 
The woman harassed his boss at the Olsen family yesterday, but the boss tolerated her, and now, she was shameless enough to impersonate a courier to disturb him. 
Tom’s expression turned sour, and he called over two bodyguards. “What’s happening? Can anyone come to the top floor without getting their identity checked? Get her out immediately!” 
Keira’s face remained calm, “What do you mean? Is Horton Group looking down on couriers?” 
Tom sneered, “Still trying to play the victim? We respect every job, but are you really a courier?” 
“Yes, I am.” 
“Do you think I’ll believe this nonsense? If you are a courier, do you have a work permit?” 
Just as Tom finished speaking, a work permit was thrust into his hands. 
Keira almost laughed, “Of course, I do.” 
Tom was baffled. 
His face froze for a moment. He then chuckled, thinking he had figured it out. “You probably just registered today, didn’t you?” 
The work permit was opened, and the registration date was marked clearly. 
Tom was stunned. “Eight years ago?” 
Was she really a courier? 
“Is it prohibited to work and study at the same time?” Keira said lazily, addressing the person at the other side of the door. “Mr. Horton, are you ready to let me do my work now?” 
A steady voice came from inside the room, “Let her in.” 
Keira gave Tom a provoking glance. He was about to burst with rage when she bypassed him and entered. 
Lewis’s office was decorated in a simple yet luxurious style. The black, white, and gray color scheme imparted the room with a cold vibe. 
He sat behind his expansive desk, his black shirt sleeves rolled up to reveal a slender and muscular forearm. He had a pen in his hand. 
After signing the document in his hand, Lewis finally looked up, his dark eyes revealing no emotion. 
Keira pointed to the delivery form. “Mr. Horton, please sign here.” 
Her fingers were fair and slender, with a light layer of calluses on the tips, but the strength they showed was beautiful. 
It was just like herself. She seemed frail yet always held her back straight. 
Lewis’s eyes lingered on the swollen corner of her lips for a moment before he took the pen to sign. 
Just then, Keira suddenly spoke, her words shocking, “Mr. Horton, you’re not married, are you?” 
He stopped writing and suddenly looked up. His chilly and penetrating gaze locked on her, and an intangible pressure overwhelmed her! 
Keira knew she was right! 
The Civil Affairs Bureau required individuals to fill out personal information for marriage registration. It was impossible to make a mistake. 
Lewis announced to the public that he was married, but he didn’t know her at all. 
After Samuel’s investigation… 
The only explanation was that Lewis created a non-existent wife to shrug off the family’s constant harassment to get him married. 
He hadn’t been to the Civil Affairs Bureau, so he didn’t know about their supposed marriage. 
Keira said seriously, “Mr. Horton, I know my words may sound absurd, but we truly are married.” 
Lewis slowly sat straight with a hint of amusement on his face. “Miss Olsen, don’t waste your energy. Even if I weren’t married, I wouldn’t marry you just to spite Jake.” 
Keira paused momentarily. 
Did he know about her past with Jake Horton and believe she was targeting him to take revenge? Was that why he wouldn’t believe her? 
Keira tried to explain. “My coming to you has nothing to do with Jake Horton. I’m here to ask you…” For a divorce. 
“I’m not interested in your messy relationship.” 
Lewis interrupted her, quickly signing the delivery form and handing it back. “Stop harassing me, or I won’t be so polite.” 
Keira started to lose patience. “Haven’t you already done that? You’ve announced that you want me to disappear from Oceanion!” 
Raising his brows, Lewis started, “When did I ever…” 
He was cut off by the sudden ringing of a phone call. 
It was the special ringtone designated for his grandmother. 
He picked it up immediately, and the voice at the other end of the line was that of the caregiver. “Mr. Horton, old Mrs. Horton has gone missing again!” 
Lewis jumped to his feet and rushed toward the door. 
Keira wanted to follow him and clarify things further but was stopped by Tom. “Miss Olsen, I suggest you stop here.” 
Keira let out a sigh. 
“Escorted” out of the Horton Group, she returned home at an unhurried pace. 
Just as she was about to enter her home, she glanced back and saw the old lady she had encountered once before. She was trailing closely behind her. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Just as she was about to speak, the old lady suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
“My granddaughter-in-law, you won’t leave me behind again!”
###Chapter 7 - 7 Lewis Is Too Generous
7 Lewis Is Too Generous 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira decorated the place she rented in a neat and cozy way. 
She watched as the elderly woman sitting at the table drinking her third glass of water, and said seriously, “I really am not your granddaughter-in-law.” 
“Yes, you are,” 
The old lady was very stubborn. She held her glass and gulped down another glass of water. 
Keira knew it was impossible to convince her, so she took out her phone and dialed that number from last time. 
The call was answered right away. “Hello?” 
Keira faintly recognized the man’s voice and was about to say something when the old woman snatched the phone from her. 
Meanwhile, Lewis was leading a group of people searching for the old lady nearby. 
He seemed calm, but deep down, he was somewhat anxious. 
His grandmother not only had Alzheimer’s, but at 87 years old, every organ in her body was beginning to decline, and her life could be in danger at any moment. 
The moment the phone rang, he picked it up immediately. Then he heard his grandmother’s vigorous voice. 
“Little brat, don’t come pick me up. I’m with my granddaughter-in-law.” 
Granddaughter-in-law… 
The phone number was that of the girl from last time, so his grandmother was with her again now? 
Lewis’s face darkened as he asked, “Where are you?” 
“I won’t tell you.” 
“Do you think I can’t find you that way?” 
“I forbid you from looking for me or sending anyone after me!” 
Lewis rubbed his forehead and asked the attending physician in a low voice, “Can we bring old Mrs. Horton back by force?” 
The doctor shook his head and replied in a low voice, “Old Mrs. Horton should not be subjected to any stress right now. It’s best to go along with her intentions. Besides, that girl last time doesn’t seem to be a bad person…” 
Lewis clenched his jaw and coaxed softly into the phone. “Grandma, I have to deliver your medicine.” 
“Don’t bother. I brought my medicine with me. Don’t worry. Just wait while I bring my granddaughter-in-law home!” 
After saying this, the old woman hung up. 
She gave the phone back to Keira. “Done!” 
Keira was speechless. 
What kind of irresponsible family members were they? How could they just leave the elderly woman with a stranger? 
Just as she was about to call back, her received a WhatsApp notification. Someone had sent her a friend request using her phone number. The message read, “Grandson of the old lady.” 
Keira accepted the friend request and saved his name in her contacts as “Grandson”. 
“Grandson” soon sent a message. “Could you please take care of my grandmother for a while? She hasn’t been well recently and can’t be stressed.” 
Keira snorted and typed on her phone in an indifferent manner. “I can’t. I don’t run a charity…” 
Before she could finish typing, she suddenly heard a noise coming from the kitchen. 
She quickly walked over to find the old lady boiling eggs. 
Keira casually asked, “Are you hungry? Some eggs won’t be enough.” 
“No.” The old lady turned around, her wrinkled face had a kind smile on it. “Sweetheart, applying an egg to your face can reduce swelling.” 
Keira was stunned. 
Perhaps she hadn’t noticed it herself. Since she was hit by her biological mother today, she seemed unaffected, but in fact, she had assumed a detached demeanor that distanced her from the world. 
The old lady’s words just now touched Keira, and a hint of warmth appeared in her eyes… 
She pursed her lips, then looked back at her phone. 
She saw a new message on her phone. 
“You’ve received a transfer of 50,000 dollars from Grandson.” 
Grandson wrote, “This is one week’s living expenses. If it’s not enough, just let me know.” 
Keira looked at her input box, deleted the words she had just typed, and re-edited the message. “Okay.” 
She didn’t understand why she was suddenly meddling in this matter. That man was too generous! That must be it! 
* 
Olsen Family home. 
Both of Isla’s cheeks were swollen, and the marks from the slaps were clearly visible. Her eyes were red and swollen as she sat on the sofa in the living room, silently shedding tears. 
Poppy lowered her head. “Isla, that little slut must be jealous that you’re marrying into the Horton Family. That’s why she did this. Don’t cry. When your dad comes back, I’ll have him teach her a lesson!” 
Mrs. Olsen dragged herself downstairs despite her sickness. Her voice was weak, but her tone was firm. “Keira isn’t that kind of person. You must have done something to upset her first… ” 
Isla clenched her fists and lowered her head to say in a wronged tone, “It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have accepted Jake’s proposal. She likes Jake so much. She must have gone after Mr. Horton because of it…” 
Mrs. Olsen’s pale face looked rather unwell. “How can that happen? Keira was very well-mannered when she was young.” 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been so stubborn to move out of the house. 
Poppy said resentfully, “She must have been led astray after she moved out! She’s heartless. Today, not only did she hit Isla, but she also tried to hit me, her own mother!” 
Mrs. Olsen still wouldn’t believe it. 
Isla’s eyes flickered, and she suddenly said, “Mom, it’s because we haven’t cared enough about her over the years…” 
These words reminded Poppy. “That’s because she doesn’t come home! Mrs. Olsen, you used to be so good to her, but she doesn’t come to see you. She’s such an ungrateful wretch! She doesn’t remember your kindness; she’s a cold-hearted person through and through!” 
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback. 
She had always been unbiased towards Keira and had fed her by hand as she grew up, so she had feelings for Keira. 
When the child moved out, she told Keira she should come back to visit when she had time. 
However, after all these years, Keira hadn’t come home once. 
Had the child really grown ungrateful after growing up? 
Isla saw Mrs. Olsen’s hesitation and was satisfied. 
She changed the subject and said coyly, “Mom, can you invite Dr. South to serve as a mentor at Oceanion University?” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately refused sternly. “Isla, we can’t take advantage of someone’s kindness. Besides, Dr. South has done more than enough for our family business over the years!” 
Isla wasn’t surprised by her words and smiled. “Mom, that’s not what I mean. Oceanion University is the best university around here. Maybe Dr. South wants to go there too? We could take the chance to help him build a relationship with the school, which would also be a way of repaying Dr. South for all his years of help.” 
Mrs. Olsen found the argument reasonable and opened WhatsApp on her phone. “Then I’ll ask him.” 
Isla sat next to Mrs. Olsen and blinked. “Dr. South has done so much for our family, and his debt has been repaid long ago. Shouldn’t our family host a dinner in his honor? Wouldn’t it be better to ask him in person then?” 
Dr. South has always been obliging to Mrs. Olsen. 
Isla believed that when he came, she could propose that she wanted to be his postgraduate student. Dr. South would certainly not refuse. 
Mrs. Olsen was convinced and sent Dr. South a message on WhatsApp. “South, do you have time to come by the house?” 
When Keira saw the message, her heart skipped a beat. 
Why would Mrs. Olsen suddenly ask to see her? 
Was it because her health was deteriorating? 
Thinking of Mrs. Olsen’s cough… 
Keira got up. “I’m free. Should I come now?”
###Chapter 8 - 8 He Needs Her Help
8 He Needs Her Help 
Translator: 723520741 
Editor: Henyee 
Keira clenched her jaw, feeling utterly anxious. 
Just as she was about to leave, Mrs. Olsen sent her a WhatsApp message. “There’s no rush. Are you working this Saturday? I’d like to buy you lunch.” 
Only then did Keira understand that her concern had made her anxious. 
Lunch at the Olsen’s? 
A bitter smile crept onto her lips. 
Ten years ago, when she moved out of the Olsen residence, she went back the first weekend. 
She entered the backyard and watched through the glass window as Mrs. Olsen, Isla, and Taylor Olsen laughed and chatted. The joyous smile on Mrs. Olsen’s face was one she’d never seen before. 
Poppy said, “Do you see that? Without you around, they are a real family of three. If you really care about Mrs. Olsen, you shouldn’t stay away from her.” 
Eventually, Keira left quietly. 
She only returned on Mrs. Olsen’s birthday each year, leaving a small gift at the doorstep… 
After so many years, it was probably time to see her again, right? 
Keira responded to the message. “I should be the one buying. Let’s meet this Saturday at 6 pm. See you there.” 
She sent over the location of a restaurant. 
Visiting the Olsen house could cause unnecessary disputes. It would be better to meet outside, where she could have a quiet chat with Mrs. Olsen, and check on her health… 
Mrs. Olsen said, “Alright, see you then.” 
After ending the chat with Mrs. Olsen, Keira saw several new messages from “Grandson”. 
“As my grandmother ages, she’s becoming more like a child with a hot temperament. You need a lot of patience. 
“She has trouble sleeping. Her nights are restless. 
“She needs to take two blue pills a day, one in the morning and one at night…” 
There were five messages in total, the last one read, 
“The above is forwarded from our family doctor’s instructions. I’m grateful for your help. If Granny doesn’t feel well, please contact me immediately.” 
Upon reading this, Keira quietly entered the bedroom and sent a short video to “Grandson”. 
* 
Not far down the street, two vehicles were parked discreetly. 
The first minivan was fully equipped and looked like a small suite. 
Lewis was dressed in a black suit and was sitting on the couch, working on his computer. 
Old Mrs. Horton’s family doctor sat in the corner, his face stern, ready for any emergencies. 
Changing her environment could disrupt old Mrs. Horton’s sleep, which was crucial for her frail body. 
Even slight negligence could risk her life. 
The car at the back was loaded with emergency equipment, ready to leap into action if something happened, as they were close to Mrs. Horton’s location. 
Lewis was lost in these thoughts when his phone buzzed with a new WhatsApp message. 
Upon checking it, his usually impassive face looked a little surprised. 
The family doctor immediately asked, “Did something happen to Mrs. Horton?” 
Lewis pressed his lips together and showed him the video. 
It depicted old Mrs. Horton sleeping soundly in a bed with a floral sheet. She was even snoring a little! 
It was only nine o’clock in the evening! 
Usually, they would be grateful if Mrs. Horton could fall asleep before one in the morning! 
The family doctor looked astonished, “Mrs. Horton behaves differently around this young lady. If she can always stay with Mrs. Horton, I believe Mrs. Horton’s health will significantly improve!” 
Having reached an advanced age, Mrs. Horton was physically weak, and sleep was a top priority. 
Lewis clenched his jaw, his eyes brooding. 
The next day. 
Before setting out, Keira bid the old lady, who looked well-rested after a long night of sleep, farewell. “I’ve asked Samuel to keep you company. He’ll be here soon.” 
“Okay.” The little old lady nodded obediently. “Granddaughter-in-law, where are you going?” 
“To meet someone.” 
“Who are you going to meet? Do you have to go?” 
“Yes.” 
If she didn’t go to see Lewis Horton now, he would find out about their marriage when he goes to register his own marriage. 
But her company was waiting to go public, and Keira urgently needed the divorce. 
With a dramatic wave of her hand, the little old lady proclaimed, “Then I’ll have my grandson help you schedule a meeting! My grandson has a great deal of influence!” 
Keira smiled, “Granny, I’m afraid your grandson won’t do.” 
The Horton family was the wealthiest in Oceanion. Even though Granny’s family was well-off, could they possibly be wealthier than the Hortons? 
She rode her electric bike to the Horton Group. 
Lewis’s schedule was quite monotonous. He was either working or commuting with no leisure time at all. 
Before Keira could say anything at the front desk, the receptionist said, “It’s you again! Mr. Davis has made it clear. Mr. Horton isn’t expecting any parcels today. you’re not allowed upstairs!” 
Keira replied, “I’m not here to deliver a parcel, I’m…” 
The receptionist interrupted her impatiently, “Then do you have an appointment? Without one, you can’t go up!” 
As Keira was about to reply, she saw the receptionist’s eyes light up. Her impatient expression vanished instantly as she warmly greeted the person behind Keira, “Miss Olsen? You’re here!” 
Frowning, Keira turned around to see Isla. 
With a gracious and composed demeanor, Isla gave the receptionist a gentle smile, “I’m here to see Jake.” 
Her gaze swept over Keira as she added, “But I forgot to make an appointment…” 
“Miss Olsen, what are you talking about? With your stature, when have you ever needed an appointment? Mr. Jake would be overjoyed to see you!” 
The receptionist swiped her card to unlock the entrance, “Please come in.” 
However, Isla turned to Keira, sighing reproachfully, “Keira, the Horton Group isn’t a place anyone can just waltz into. If you want to pester Mr. Horton, don’t make things difficult for the receptionist…” 
Keira was perplexed. 
When had she ever made things difficult for the receptionist? 
However, the young lady at the receptionist’s desk frowned. 
Mr. Davis merely said not to let this woman go upstairs but didn’t mention the reason why. 
Was it because of that? 
The receptionist showed a scornful expression, her face full of annoyance. “Some people really don’t know their place. Do they think their good looks can let them climb up the social ladder? They don’t even know where they are. Miss, could you keep your distance and stop disturbing my work, or I’ll have to call security!” 
Keira lifted her eyebrow, planning to say something, but seeing the receptionist’s look of disdain, she gave a sarcastic smile. “You’re the one who won’t let me go upstairs.” 
Meanwhile, upstairs. 
After finishing an urgent document, Lewis picked up his phone and looked at the message from the “Need Iron” at the top of his chat list. 
It was the woman’s weird nickname on WhatsApp. 
He sent a message. “Hello, how is Granny today?” 
She replied quickly. “Everything was fine when I left the house.” 
Lewis frowned: [Did you go to work?] 
“Iron Deficient Element”: [You could say that.] 
Lewis looked displeased. She had left Granny alone at home? 
But since she wasn’t his hired caregiver, he had no right to dictate that she only take care of his grandmother and not go anywhere else. 
Currently, he was the one who needed her help… 
Lewis thought for a moment. “Where are you now? I want to meet you and talk to you about Granny.” 
“Need Iron” didn’t refuse and directly sent an address on WhatsApp. 
Upon seeing it, Lewis’s eyes narrowed slightly. 
Wasn’t it the address of the Horton Group’s main entrance? 
He got up and headed downstairs.
###Chapter 9 - 9 Meeting
9 Meeting 
Translator: 723520741 
Editor: Henyee 
The receptionist personally escorted Isla to the elevator. 
While waiting for the elevator, Isla noticed that Keira hadn’t left and was sitting on the couch in the lobby, obviously not intending to leave. 
How shameless. 
Isla glanced at the receptionist. “You guys really have it tough. I will mention to Jake about giving you a raise…” 
Joy appeared on the receptionist’s face, “Thank you, Miss Olsen! Please feel free to instruct me if you need anything!” 
Isla sighed. “My little sister is really stubborn. Please don’t let her wait until Mr. Horton comes…” 
After saying these words, Isla entered the elevator. 
As the elevator doors closed, she could see the receptionist walking toward Keira. The corner of Isla’s mouth curved into a triumphant smile. 
Did Keira really think she would get Mr. Horton’s attention just because of her good looks? 
How foolish. 
The world of the wealthy is ruled by interest, not by emotions. 
Jake had pursued Keira for four years and had been so in love with her. Still, he ended up proposing to Isla… 
All of this happened because Isla had what was needed to marry into the Horton family! 
The elevator quickly reached the 68th floor. When Isla entered the office, she had returned to her usual serene and gentle demeanor. 
Jake was in a suit and tie, his youthful naivety from school days replaced by a hint of sharpness. His gaze fell on her face, and he casually asked, “What happened to your face?” 
Isla lowered her gaze. “Keira hit me…” 
Jake warned her, looking displeased, “I’ve told you before. Don’t provoke her.” 
Isla said, “It was my fault.” 
She moved to Jake’s side. “Jake, I heard your new project is about renewable energy?” 
Jake looked at her seriously. “Yes, if the Horton Group cannot come up with the latest technology, we’ll be surpassed in the future.” 
Isla smiled and said, “I made a dining arrangement with Dr. South and my mother. Shall I ask Dr. South to join your research and development team?” 
Jake’s expression eased up. “That would be great.” 
His attitude shifted. He draped his arm around Isla’s waist, gently caressing her cheek. “Indeed, Keira was so unruly. Does it still hurt? I’ll blow on it for you…” 
Isla lowered her eyelids, pretending to act shy. 
But inside, she was laughing coldly. 
With connections like Dr. South, what could Keira use to compete with her? 
As for who Jake really loved… 
She didn’t care! 
All she wanted was to marry into the Horton family and become Mrs. Jake Horton! 
Even if her real identity was revealed in the future, her wealth and status would be secured… 
* 
In the lobby downstairs. 
Keira sent her address to “Grandson”. 
The old lady was now living at her place, so it indeed made sense to clarify the responsibilities with the old lady’s family ahead of time to avoid future trouble. 
She was about to arrange a meeting time with the person when her surroundings dimmed. 
The receptionist stood in front of her with two security guards and said arrogantly, “You cannot sit here. You’re hindering my work. Please leave immediately.” 
Keira’s expression turned icy. 
The sofas in the lobby were for anyone to sit on as they pleased. Moreover, she wasn’t making a sound. How could she be affecting the receptionist’s work? 
Keira leaned back lazily. “If your work is so easily affected, perhaps you should find a private office.” 
The receptionist stammered. Enraged, she ordered the security guards, “Kick her out immediately!” 
Before the security guards could even move, the noisy lobby suddenly grew quiet. 
The doors of the CEO’s private elevator slowly opened, and the reserved Lewis walked out alongside Tom Davis. 
He only glanced over and then looked around, seemingly searching for someone. 
Tom noticed the situation and walked over briskly. 
His brows were furrowed as he looked at Keira. “You again?” 
The receptionist wasted no time in playing the victim. “Mr. Davis, she said she had a parcel to deliver to Mr. Horton. I wouldn’t let her, so she refuses to leave.” 
Keira replied flatly, “I told you I wasn’t delivering a parcel.” 
The receptionist scoffed. “Mr. Davis, did you hear that? She didn’t even bother to pretend. She outright admitted she wanted to go upstairs to find someone. Since I refused to let her go up, she’s causing a ruckus here. I’ll have security escort her out now!” 
Keira said nonchalantly, “Which regulation of Horton Group states that I cannot sit on this couch?” 
The receptionist was speechless. 
Tom impatiently told Keira, “Well, just sit here then. Anyway, the boss won’t even pay you any attention.” 
He turned to the receptionist and said, somewhat annoyed, “The more pressing issue is that the air conditioning on the top floor is broken. The repairman said he had already arrived and was stopped by the front desk from going upstairs. Can you explain what’s going on?” 
The receptionist was taken aback. “I haven’t seen any repairman…” 
Tom frowned. “Really?” 
The receptionist quickly nodded. “I’ve been here the whole time, and moreover, the top floor isn’t something I would take lightly, how could I possibly stop them?” 
Tom took out his phone. “I’ll call them and see if they went to the wrong place…” 
Before he could dial, he heard a lazy voice. “They didn’t.” 
Tom was taken aback. 
Keira smiled. “It’s true. The receptionist didn’t let me go upstairs.” 
Tom Davis was baffled. 
The receptionist didn’t know what to say. 
The two were both stunned. 
After a moment, Tom finally understood. “You are that repairman? That can’t be possible!” 
A work permit was handed to him. 
The date on it was indeed nine years ago. 
Tom couldn’t believe it. “Is this another one of your part-time jobs?” 
Keira didn’t deny it, her eyes moving toward Lewis Horton who wasn’t far away. “I wasn’t allowed to speak. They wanted to kick me out and even falsely accused me of causing a scene here. Mr. Horton, you have quite a high-and-mighty receptionist.” 
The receptionist nervously looked at Lewis. “Mr. Horton, I…” 
Lewis was expressionless and said coldly, “You’re fired.” 
The receptionist’s face paled instantly, but she didn’t dare to beg for forgiveness. 
Lewis then looked solemnly at Keira. 
Tom had investigated the woman. She moved out from the Olsen residence in middle school, and ever since then, she had been making her living by working. 
Yesterday, she was a delivery girl, and today, she was a repairwoman. How many jobs had she taken? 
Life was extremely difficult for her, yet her back was always upright… 
How could such a defiant woman degrade herself by persistently bothering him? 
Having thought about it, the slight admiration Lewis started to feel for her instantly disappeared, replaced by annoyance. “Miss Olsen, are you satisfied now?” 
Keira nodded, standing up. “Mr. Horton, did you check with the Civil Affairs Bureau?” 
Lewis didn’t respond to her and only told Tom coldly. “Take her upstairs to work. And remember, I don’t want to see her again.” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Tom pulled at her arm. “Miss Olsen, let’s go. I would advise you to quit it. Even if you put a lot of effort in and finally get to enter the top floor, our boss still won’t give you a second glance.” 
Although she really was a delivery person and a repairwoman, was she really here at the Horton Group to work? Everyone knew the truth. 
Lewis no longer paid her any more attention. Taking out his phone, he called “Need Iron” on WhatsApp. 
At the same time, Keira’s mobile phone rang.
###Chapter 10 - 10 Have You Been to the Civil Affairs Bureau?
10 Have You Been to the Civil Affairs Bureau? 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
When Keira’s mobile phone rang, Lewis was slightly taken aback. 
He turned to look at Keira. 
“Need Iron” was her? 
Keira answered the phone, “Hello.” 
But Lewis heard no sound in the receiver. He looked at his phone and found out that the line was busy. The voice call didn’t get through. 
He was overthinking it. 
At that moment, several people in the lobby were on the phone, it was impossible to tell which one was her. 
Just then, “Need Iron” sent a message. “Sorry, I’m in the middle of something. Let’s reschedule again.” 
At the rooftop. 
Keira was answering Samuel’s phone call while texting “Grandson”. 
Samuel gloated, “Boss, are you all right? It’s been many years since you last did repair work, right?” 
Keira said lightly, “If you are free, help me find out Lewis’s private number, so I don’t have to stalk him over and over again.” 
If she could get his number, she could call him every hour to remind him to check with the Civil Affairs Bureau. With so many phone calls, even if he didn’t believe this absurd thing, he would check it out. 
Samuel immediately complained, “How is it possible to find his private number? Don’t you know that there is no information about him online? It took a lot of effort to find out his personal schedule…” 
“That’s because you’re useless.” 
Keira hung up and saw Tom showing a contemptuous look. “Miss Olsen, my boss’s private phone number is confidential. Ordinary people can’t get it.” 
Keira teased him. “Do you believe that one day, not only will I have your boss’s phone number but also his WhatsApp?” 
Divorce procedures were a bit troublesome, and she would definitely be in contact more often with Lewis in the future. 
Tom snickered, “What a daydream!” 
As soon as Tom finished speaking, Keira’s phone rang. “Grandson” sent a WhatsApp message. “Call me anytime when you’re free.” 
* 
Ten minutes later, Keira fixed the air conditioner. 
She clapped her hands together. “The air conditioner’s filter has been used for too long and accumulated dirt, which affected the cooling function. It’s fine after I replaced it.” 
Seeing how swiftly and easily she solved the problem, Tom didn’t feel so hostile toward her anymore. 
To avoid her going after Mr. Horton again, Tom personally escorted her downstairs. 
At the entrance, he said meaningfully, “Miss Olsen, from now on there will be no signed delivery, and no electrical appliances will be damaged on the rooftop.” 
Keira knew what he meant, but she just grinned, “Well, see you at noon.” 
She turned around and left. 
Tom was perplexed. 
He didn’t take her words to heart and returned to the rooftop. 
At noon, Lewis had a lunch meeting. 
He wasn’t fond of socializing, but since he had returned to his home country, he needed to respect Crera’s culture of feasting, even though such occasions weren’t frequent. 
Tom accompanied him the entire time. 
They came to a private restaurant, and noticing the waiters and waitresses in uniform, Tom suddenly became more vigilant. 
Wasn’t waitressing the most common part-time job chosen by students who wanted to work while studying? 
He looked around, observing almost all the waiters and waitresses, only after not spotting Keira did he breathe a sigh of relief. 
But he quickly found his own actions laughable. 
Keira was already a delivery worker and a repair technician. How could she take up another job? 
How was it that she scared him like this with her simple words “see you at noon”? 
Feeling relaxed, Tom entered the private room just as the food was served, and the head chef came to pay respect. 
“Everyone, are you satisfied with today’s meal?” 
At the sound of the familiar female voice, Tom went stiff! 
He did a double take as if he had seen a ghost and saw Keira standing at the door with a chef’s hat. A soft smile tugged on her lips as she introduced the day’s dishes. Finally, she walked over to Lewis and whispered, “Mr. Horton, you should go check the Civil Affairs Bureau.” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He clenched his jaw, a hint of consternation crossing his usually calm face. 
Tom was even more shocked as he stared at her, “You… You’re the chef? You also have a certification for that?” 
“Yup.” 
Keira reached for her waist pocket to pull out her chef license, but she accidentally dropped one, two, three… a total of five different work licenses! 
Tom swallowed hard. “You’ve got five part-time jobs?” 
Keira said, “No.” 
Tom breathed a sigh of relief, only to hear her calmly say… 
“There are some that I didn’t bring with me.” 
Tom was shocked. 
Keira, with a smiling face, turned toward Lewis. “Mr. Horton, I can do any job. I don’t think you would want me to keep bothering you, so why not check with the Civil Affairs Bureau?” 
Lewis’s face remained taut. 
The woman had amorous eyes and always spoke as if she was flirting. She was attracting the attention of the rest of the people at the dinner table. 
Lewis’s face darkened instantly, still ignoring Keira. He turned to Tom and said, “Go check it out…” 
Keira rejoiced inwardly. 
Was this man finally persuaded by her? 
But then she heard his cold words. “Who leaked my schedule?” 
… 
Tom took a step forward, again blocking Keira. “Miss Olsen, please leave immediately.” 
When Keira was once again driven out of the private room, she sighed while standing outside. 
Why wouldn’t this man just believe her? 
Despite her patience, she was getting a little annoyed at this point. 
She didn’t leave and simply waited outside. 
When had she ever been treated like this before in recent years? 
The more she thought, the angrier she became. 
Keira took out her mobile phone, wanting to find someone to rant about but found none in her WhatsApp contacts. She composed a post for her story. 
In the private room. 
Everyone ate their meals while flattering Lewis. 
He was growing impatient with this, so he took out his mobile phone and pretended to be busy with something. 
He clicked into his story out of boredom and saw “Need Iron” posted something two minutes ago. “Don’t be angry. One should be patient with little brats.” 
Lewis was slightly taken aback. 
He immediately texted “Need Iron”. “How old are you exactly? You sound like you already have a grandson.” 
He can’t let an elderly woman take care of his grandmother… 
“Need Iron” replied with a “?”. 
“Need Iron” wrote, “Are you talking about my story? I was cursing someone! Someone who never understands what I say!” 
Lewis was speechless. 
Only then did he realize that he had made a fool of himself. 
So, he sent a message to hide his embarrassment. “The brain is a daily necessity. That person might have taken it as a decoration.” 
“Need Iron” said. “I like that. Keep it coming.” 
Lewis pushed up his lips into an amused smirk. “Only human beings are worth our mockery. Ignore him.” 
“Need Iron” said, “Since you’re so articulate, I’ll give Granny an extra meal tonight. Does she have any dietary restrictions?” 
Lewis wrote, “The doctor said to eat less sweet and spicy food, but anything else goes.” 
“Need Iron” said, “No problem.” 
Their chat always gave Lewis the feeling of speaking to an old friend; it was very comforting. 
He suddenly asked, “Can I visit Granny tonight?” 
“Need Iron” said, “Of course. You’re always welcome.” 
Afterward, she sent a detailed address complete with her room number.
###Chapter 11 - 11 "Grandson" Comes Calling
11 “Grandson” Comes Calling 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Lewis took note of the address and replied “Sure. Sorry for disturbing you.” 
He had to bring a family doctor to check on his grandmother tonight, or else he would be worried. 
“Need Iron” didn’t reply again. 
He could tell she didn’t like polite formalities. 
Lewis quietly made note of her little quirk. 
“Mr. Horton, are you messaging Mrs. Horton?” 
Someone nearby teased him. “You can’t hide the smile on your face.” 
The corner of Lewis’s lips tightened stiffly. 
He put away his phone and turned to the one who spoke. 
After Lewis became the CEO of the Horton Group, the mysterious Mrs. Horton made people suspect if she even existed. 
So, he didn’t deny it. 
The person took his silence as admission and flattered him, “Mr. Horton, you really are upright and devoted to Mrs. Horton. You were unmoved even by the attractive chef just now. You are a role model for us all!” 
With this, others chimed in, “We’re very curious about Mrs. Horton. What sort of person could capture Mr. Horton’s heart… Old Mrs. Horton must be pleased with her, right?” 
Everyone knew vaguely that Lewis didn’t get on well with the Horton family except for Old Mrs. Horton. 
Lewis lowered his gaze and simply replied, “Well, yes. Granny quite likes her.” 
Outside. 
Bored out of her mind, Keira was waiting when a familiar voice rang out. 
“Keira!” 
She turned to face a familiar, handsome face. 
Jake, wearing a black suit, was known for his gentle and caring demeanor, but now he was looking at her with a stormy expression. “So, you’re here.” 
Keira bit her lip. 
During her university years, she was always on her own. She was a loner. 
Jake was outgoing and cheerful and often stayed with her, making him her only friend. 
But their statuses now made their relationship awkward. 
She hesitated. “Is there something you need?” 
Jake sneered coldly, “Isla informed me about your background. Why did you keep it from me? I despise mistresses and love children the most, yet I courted you, an outsider like that, for four years. Was it fun?” 
A pain, like someone clutching her heart tightly, swept over Keira… 
She had always wondered why Jake, who had promised her a surprise at the graduation ceremony, had proposed to Isla instead. 
So, this was why. 
His parents weren’t in a harmonious relationship and apparently, he had a step-sister who was an illegitimate child. 
Just by revealing her true identity, Isla was able to shatter four years of friendship. 
Keira took a step back from him, widening the distance between them. 
However, Jake took a step forward and challenged her. “Don’t you have any explanation for me?” 
An explanation for what? 
Why was she an illegitimate child? Why did she decide to be born from Poppy’s womb? 
Keira scoffed, “No.” 
She turned to leave. 
If their paths diverge, don’t force it. If he looked down on her background, she was better off not having him as a friend. 
Her determined expression irritated Jake. As he watched her walk further from him, a sudden panic seized him, and he grabbed her by the arm. “You can’t leave!” 
Keira looked back at him, “Is there something else?” 
Jake looked tense. He felt that Keira’s distant, cold demeanor was ruthless. 
His anger flared up, mixed with a strange feeling of resentment. 
He was the one who let go first. So why did it still feel as though he was the one being abandoned? 
He mocked her. “You’re still working here, which means you are yet to find formal employment. How about working as my assistant? You’ve done it before.” 
Keira pulled away from his grasp, coldly rejecting him. “I’m afraid I can’t handle that.” 
Jake, however, insisted. “There’s no need for you to do anything. I have an apartment near the company. You only need to live there and take care of my daily needs. I’ll pay you a thousand dollars a month. Is that enough?” 
Keira’s gaze turned frosty, her tone like ice. “So, you want me to become your mistress?” 
Jake laughed coldly. “You could definitely handle that, considering your mother was a mistress. You’ve seen it firsthand, so it’s in your blood. I trust you to be professional…” 
“Slap!” 
Keira slapped him right across the face. “Jake, enough is enough!” 
Jake was taken aback by the slap, but he laughed. His gaze turning shaded, he warned her. 
“Keira, believe it or not if I don’t want you, no one in Oceanion will dare want you! You won’t be able to find a job or a husband. You’d only end up as a plaything for others. If that’s the case, why not choose me? At least, I might be a little more caring because we are old classmates… 
“I’ll give you time to consider. If you change your mind, call me anytime. You have my number.” 
Leaving these words, Jake walked off. 
Keira gave a self-deprecating smile. 
When she turned around, she saw Lewis standing in the doorway of his private room. 
… 
Lewis didn’t like social engagements. Finally finding an excuse, he intended to leave with Tom but didn’t expect to witness the scene in the hallway on his way out. 
His gaze was perspicuous, revealing no emotion. 
Tom clicked his tongue sympathetically at Keira. “I was wondering why you didn’t find a steady job after graduating from college and continued working multiple part-time jobs. So, is this all because of Jake?” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Tom sighed again. “You are hounding Mr. Horton because you have no choice, right? After all, there’s hardly anyone who dares defy the Horton family in Oceanion…” 
“…” 
Keira’s amorous eyes narrowed, and she didn’t refute his claim. 
They were getting along after two days for the first time! 
Tom pitifully said, “Boss, why don’t we help her out a little? She seems pitiful.” 
Keira felt a glimmer of hope. 
Exactly… Help the pitiful child, and go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to complete the divorce procedure! Her company was still waiting to go public! 
But as soon as she had these thoughts, she heard Lewis say coldly, “Why should I make Jake unhappy for an irrelevant person?” 
He walked past Keira. 
She was pitiful? 
Though the girl looked naive, there was a suppressed cunningness and joy in her eyes. There was no pitifulness at all. She was more offensive than pitiful! 
Moreover, since she managed to get his personal schedule, it proved that she was quite crafty! 
The corridor quickly became silent again. 
Keira stood in place, feeling that Lewis was cold-hearted! 
Oh, well, “Grandson” was right. She should be angry at people, not him. 
Keira ventured outside the restaurant, slowly making her way back home on her electric bicycle. 
She had an elderly at home to look after and couldn’t stay out for long. She would try to find him again tomorrow. 
That night. 
Lewis left work on time and arrived at an old district on the outskirts of the city. 
He held a bag of fruit in his hand, found the address on WhatsApp, and knocked on the door. 
The familiar voice of his grandmother soon came from inside, “Coming!”
###Chapter 12 - 12 Old Mrs. Horton
12 Old Mrs. Horton 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
The door to the room was open. 
Lewis looked at Old Mrs. Horton and found her complexion healthy. 
After that, he took a careful look around. 
The room was neat and clean, and the small two-bedroom apartment was very cozy. The table was set with four dishes of light, nutritious, and well-balanced food which was suitable for the elderly. 
The sound of running water came from the bathroom. Was someone taking a shower? 
There was a frosted glass door, where a graceful silhouette of a young woman could be faintly seen. 
Lewis recoiled, feeling somewhat uncomfortable. 
The family doctor wanted to enter the room but was stopped by him. Lewis steered sideways to block the doctor’s view, “Give me the equipment and wait in the car.” 
The family doctor nodded and left, thoughtfully closing the door. 
Lewis quickly measured Old Mrs. Horton’s blood pressure, blood sugar, and heart rate. Perhaps it was because she had had a good sleep the night before, all the readings were incredibly healthy. 
The old lady said proudly, “My granddaughter-in-law takes really good care of me!” 
Seeing is believing, and Lewis was at last relieved. 
His gaze moved to the direction of the bathroom again, then he quickly collected his equipment. “Since you are alright, I’ll leave now.” 
The old lady was startled. “Aren’t you going to have dinner here? The food made by my granddaughter-in-law is delicious!” 
“It’s not very appropriate for me to stay.” 
Lewis put down the medical equipment. “I’ll leave it here.” 
The old lady thought for a while. “Take it. My granddaughter-in-law won’t know how to use it. I don’t want Dr. Frank to come here. I want you to come to check on me every day!” 
She thought that if her grandson came over every day, wouldn’t that mean he could see his wife every day? After nurturing some feelings between them, they could end their separation status. 
The old lady believed that she might have the prospect of having a great-grandson. 
Just when Lewis wanted to say something, the sound of running water suddenly stopped in the bathroom. 
He stood up quickly, grabbed his medical box, and hurriedly left. “I need to go.” 
“Come again tomorrow.” 
“Alright.” 
The moment he shut the door, Keira, with fully dressed clothes and newly washed hair, came out from the bathroom, “Hey, where’s your grandson?” 
“He left, saying it’s not very appropriate. He’s too reserved and often has a straight face. Granddaughter-in-law, is it because of this that you don’t like him? He can change…” 
“I am not your granddaughter-in-law…” 
“You are!” 
Keira gave up. 
Having been living together for a couple of days, she found that old Mrs. Horton was very kind and let her do anything she wanted, but the old lady was particularly stubborn on this matter. 
She dried her hair and dined with Old Mrs. Horton. 
At nine o’clock in the evening, Keira lit up the calming incense, and Old Mrs. Horton obediently lay down in bed and quickly fell asleep. 
Keira dutifully sent a video to “Grandson”. 
The other party quickly replied, “Grandma is very healthy, thanks.” 
Keira said, “You’re welcome.” 
“Grandson” said, “How did it go with that little brat today? Do you need help?” 
Keira understood that he was referring to the matter she posted in her story. She smiled and replied, “That won’t be necessary.” 
Lewis was in the RV when he saw this reply, and his stern face softened a little. 
This young woman didn’t know his identity but simply agreed to take care of his grandmother, and she did her best. She also didn’t take advantage of his gratitude by asking him for help. 
She wasn’t like Keira, who barely knew him, yet she relentlessly pestered and exploited him to intimidate Jake. 
The difference between the two was clear. 
Lewis sent a message. “I owe you a favor. Feel free to ask me for help in the future.” 
Keira didn’t take his words to heart. 
The only help she needed at the moment was a divorce, and only Lewis could give her that. “Grandson” couldn’t help. 
The following morning. 
Keira took the old lady to the largest luxury mall in Oceanion to shop for clothes. 
The old lady’s grandson was generous, and she was obviously from a rich family. Keira couldn’t let her feel that she was mistreated. 
As expected, once she entered the shop, the old lady seemed very familiar with it. 
Old Mrs. Horton loves clothes from a certain brand, and the brand manager would send the latest styles to her each quarter so that she could make her selections in advance. 
It was the first time that she shopped in the store, and she found the experience very novel. 
Not too far away. 
Isla leaned on Taylor’s arm and spoke affectionately, “Dad, you are so busy. You really don’t need to take me out shopping…” 
Taylor smiled indulgently. “Tonight is your first time visiting the Horton family. Gifts to the elders can’t be overlooked, especially the old lady…” 
Isla asked, “The grandma is said to be eighty-seven years old. Why does the Horton family value her so much?” 
Taylor lowered his voice. “The first branch of the Horton family and Lewis have always been secretly competing for control of the family. Old Mrs. Horton has 20% of the shares. If you can win her over, your position in the Horton family will be secure!” 
Isla immediately asked, “Does the old lady have any preferences?” 
Taylor remembered the old lady he had seen from a distance two years ago and said, “She has dementia and is a bit moody, but she adores Hermes’ clothes. You can try to please her in that regard. Even if you can’t get her to like you, never let her dislike you…” 
Isla nodded immediately. 
The two of them entered Hermes. 
Taylor sat on the sofa, while Isla began her shopping spree. 
When she came to the changing room area, she noticed Keira and an old lady. 
The old lady walked out of the fitting room, “Granddaughter-in-law, what do you think of this?” 
“Granddaughter-in-law? 
“Is this old lady the grandmother of her hooligan husband?” 
Isla sneered, seeing Keira shaking her head. 
Old Mrs. Horton tried on another one, but Keira shook her head again. 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed, “Why don’t the clothes look nice?” 
Disdain flashed on Isla’s face. 
Not nice? It was obvious that they couldn’t afford it. 
She walked over. “Keira, what a coincidence. Is this your husband’s grandmother?” 
Keira’s face darkened, and she ignored Isla. 
Isla looked at the old lady again. “Hello, Grandma. Have you never bought clothes from this brand before? Every piece of clothing here is very expensive and requires a certain level of style. It’s not suitable for ordinary people…” 
Old Mrs. Horton was furious and clutched her chest, “Are you saying I’m not stylish? How can you be so impolite?” 
Keira quickly held Old Mrs. Horton’s arm, fearing that she might become angry. 
Isla continued. “Keira, your grandma is more suited for wholesale markets, better value for money…” 
“Get lost!” 
Keira spoke sharply. 
The commotion here caught Taylor’s attention. 
He walked over. “What’s happening?” 
Isla played the victim. “Dad, Keira, and her husband’s grandmother were trying on many clothes without buying them, so I made a little suggestion…” 
Understanding what she meant, Taylor frowned at Keira. 
Then, he recognized the old lady that Keira was supporting and was immediately shocked. 
Old Mrs. Horton?
###Chapter 13 - 13 The Old Lady’s Trickery
13 The Old Lady’s Trickery 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
The nearly ninety-year-old woman’s skin was loose and saggy. Her once youthful features were no longer distinguishable. She lay with her wizened hand on her chest as though she could drop dead at any moment. 
Taylor thought he was overthinking things. 
A person of Old Mrs. Horton’s status would surely never step into a shop like this… 
Worried that Isla might cause trouble with the old woman, he said to Keira sternly, “Enough! Your sister only wants what’s best for you. Isn’t making such a fuss and causing a scene here embarrassing for you?” 
The old lady immediately turned to Keira. “Dear, is this your father?” 
Keira averted her eyes. 
The term “father” was foreign to her, and her feelings toward him were complicated. 
As a child in the Olsen family, Poppy Hill wouldn’t let her get near Taylor. 
The tiny child she once was used to hide in corners, stealing glances at him from afar. She watched him beam at Isla, swinging her around in his arms. His towering figure seemed godlike to her. 
So, during those countless days and nights when Poppy beat her and didn’t even allow her to eat, she often daydreamed that her “father” might swoop down to rescue her from the misery, just once. 
But he never did. 
He never showed any concern for her. Even on the few occasions that they ran into each other, he only reminded her to “listen to your mother”. 
The Olsen family dynamics were weird. Everyone seemed resigned to Poppy’s presence, but except for Mrs. Olsen, no one could accept Keira at all… 
Keira didn’t respond to the old lady. 
She turned her attention back to a few dresses she had just tried on, picked out the best of a bad bunch, and handed it to the sales associate, ready to pay and leave. 
Seeing this, Taylor said, “I know you’re broke. Let me pay for this dress. Consider it a present for my mother-in-law.” 
But Isla suddenly chimed in. “Dad, I’ve just gone around the store. This dress is the best for a gift…” 
A sales associate standing nearby immediately said with a smile, “Miss, you have excellent taste. This dress is pure handmade embroidery. It’s one of a kind in all of Oceanion. Why don’t you consider something else…” 
Upon hearing this, Taylor’s eyes lit up. “Let’s choose this one!” 
He turned to Keira. “This dress is for your sister. You can pick another one.” 
Keira’s eyes flashed with an indiscernible emotion, “Why should I?” 
“Your sister is going to visit the Hortons, and this is a gift for Old Mrs. Horton!” 
“So I have to give it to her?” 
Taylor scolded Keira. “Can’t your husband’s grandmother just wear something else? Is she more important than Old Mrs. Horton?” 
Keira remained resolute. “I’ll take this dress.” 
“Can’t you be mature for once? Must you compete with your sister?!” 
Keira felt it laughable. How did a dress that she had her eyes on first become a matter of her fighting with Isla over it? 
Taylor continued. “How about this? I’ll give you thirty thousand dollars for the dress which is worth one thousand. Consider it as part of your dowry.” 
Isla chimed in with a feigned kind-hearted voice. “Keira, you haven’t found a job after graduation. You better take Dad’s offer quickly. Don’t miss out on such a good deal just because you’re angry with me.” 
In the end, Taylor threatened Keira. “If you insist on getting this dress, I’m not going to pay for you.” 
True to his seasoned businessman form, he had resorted to threats and bribes to buy Isla a dress. 
What a good father he was… 
Keira had no desire to continue arguing with them. She was about to pay for the dress with her debit card when the old lady who had been silent until now suddenly held her hand back. “Dear, I don’t want this dress. It’s not nice.” 
Keira looked at her. “Grandma, none of the others suit you either.” 
The old lady was stubborn. “Well, in that case, I don’t want any of them.” 
She had already bought all the suitable clothes for this season! All that was left in the store were the ones she didn’t want. How could there be any good ones? 
Also, according to their conversation, was her granddaughter’s sister planning to gift this dress to Old Mrs. Horton? 
Old Mrs. Horton…that sounded familiar… 
Who was she again? 
The old lady was a bit foggy. 
Seeing this, Keira didn’t insist. She assured the old woman. “Then let’s not buy it.” 
Only then did Taylor look satisfied. “If only you had been so sensible earlier, it would’ve saved us all that talk. Next time, if you can’t afford it, don’t go into stores like this. You wouldn’t want to embarrass the Olsen family if you get spotted by acquaintances.” 
Isla gave a dismissive laugh. 
Just moments ago, she was all sugar and spice with the elderly woman, now she was showing her true colors. 
She couldn’t afford the dress in the first place! 
Isla had the store employee pack up the dress and then turned to Keira. “Thank you for giving in to me. Once I marry into the Horton family, I’ll help you and your husband find a good job.” 
Keira didn’t pay her any mind. She was ready to leave with the old lady. 
“Wait!” 
Taylor intercepted her, offering a check. “Here’s the 30,000 I promised you as your dowry. It should help with your living expenses.” 
Keira was taken aback. “There’s no need.” 
“Do you think it’s too little? The Olsen company belongs to Isla’s mother, and it’ll be left to Isla in the future. This is the most I can give you.” 
Taylor handed out the check as if he was doing charity. “With this 30,000, you and your husband could open a small stall to make a living. In the future, just live a simple life, and don’t hope for things that aren’t meant for you!” 
Keira initially thought Taylor might have a shred of fatherly love for her, but now she only saw the scorn. “What isn’t meant for me?” 
“Like shopping at this kind of mall or… trying to seduce Mr. Horton!” 
Taylor warned her, “If you bring disaster upon yourself, don’t involve the Olsen family! Today, the store staff didn’t dare to offend such an old lady, that’s why they didn’t make a fuss over you. But if you offend Mr. Horton, it won’t simply be defused by the old woman playing hardball!” 
Keira finally gave up on him. “Rest assured, I have nothing to do with the Olsen family anymore!” 
She left without looking back. 
As they were leaving, the old lady held Keira’s hand. “Dear, your father and your sister are really wicked. From now on, my grandson will have your back, and make sure no one looks down on you.” 
A warmth spread in Keira’s chest. “Alright.” 
The old lady grumbled again. “Give that ugly dress to that Old Mrs. Horton they mentioned. I don’t want it!” 
Just as she finished speaking, her phone rang. 
She answered, and a man’s voice came over the other end. “Mom, you should come home with Lewis tonight. Jake’s fiancée is coming home for the first time to meet the family.” 
The old lady was taken aback. Something that had been foggy in her mind suddenly became clear. 
In a flash, she remembered who she was. 
So she was the sucker, Old Mrs. Horton! 
Thinking back to the mockery and contempt she had just suffered… 
The old lady immediately growled, “You bet I will go home!” 
She hung up the phone and then sent a voice message over WhatsApp to Lewis Horton. “Dear grandson, I’ve just been mistreated! You must come home tonight and stand up for me!” 
After she sent the message, the old lady turned to Keira and whispered, “Dear, I finally remember what my grandson’s name is!”
###Chapter 14 - 14 Puppy
14 Puppy 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira asked, “What’s his name?” 
She was quite curious about who this “Grandson” was. 
Given the wide range of her work, there was a chance they had met. 
The old lady gestured her over. Keira bent down, moved closer, and then heard what the old lady said. “I’ll only tell you. You mustn’t tell anybody else!” 
“Okay.” 
The old lady cleared her throat, “His nickname is Puppy.” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
The old lady explained, “My grandson was born in the year of the dog. He was only a little over two pounds at birth. The doctor said he wouldn’t live long, so I gave him this name, hoping it would bring him good luck!” 
“…” 
Keira’s mouth twitched, barely holding back her laughter. 
From the old lady’s words, it was clear that her grandson was at least the CEO of a company. Did his subordinates even know he was called Puppy? 
Just as she was about to ask his real name, the old lady started speaking again, “Granddaughter-in-law, the clothes here aren’t good. Would you accompany me home to get a few more this evening?” 
Keira had just heard the old lady’s voice message to “Grandson”, so she knew he would be home too. 
Since they had agreed to meet, she didn’t decline. “Okay.” 
After finding a nice place to have lunch, Keira was planning to send the old lady home to rest and then go to see Lewis Horton. 
But the old lady said, “I’m not tired at all. I’ll go to work with you. When you finish work, you can go home with me.” 
She seemed to be afraid that Keira might regret it and not go home with her. 
Such an old baby… 
Keira agreed in resignation. 
– 
They arrived at the site of a charity donation event organized by the government. 
Keira arranged for the old lady to go to the resting room and then, with her press ID in hand, took her seat in the hall. 
Today, Lewis Horton would be representing the Horton Group in making a donation. 
She sat right in the middle of the front row in a perfect position to be seen by him. 
She even talked to the organizers so that she would be picked to ask a question later. 
In front of all the people, she was planning to hint to Lewis Horton that he should check his marriage status at the Bureau of Civil Affairs! 
Upon hearing the hint, Lewis wouldn’t look too happy. 
Keira imagined a wonderful scene. 
The activity began, and soon the host mentioned the name of Horton Group. 
Keira was excited and was waiting for Lewis Horton, but she saw Tom Davis on the stage. 
Tom gave Keira a meaningful glance, “I’m sorry, but Mr. Horton had something else come up today. However, the donation from Horton Group must still be delivered as planned…” 
Keira’s smile froze on her face. 
She took out her phone and saw a message that Samuel sent her five minutes ago. “Boss, all of Lewis Horton’s recent schedules have been temporarily changed!” 
What a cunning man! 
But it likely wasn’t because of her. After all, in Lewis Horton’s eyes, she was someone he could easily ignore. 
It was likely that he had discovered his schedule had been leaked and had to change it temporarily for safety reasons. 
Who was he attempting to avoid? 
… 
Keira continued her interview. In the end, she handed over the equipment and interview materials to a colleague from the same newspaper and let them leave first. 
She went to the resting room to fetch the old lady and then went to a car manufacturing factory. 
This was a branch of the Horton Group. 
While Lewis could cancel the rest of his schedule, this kind of grassroots factory inspection had already been prepared by the factory, so he couldn’t just change it on a whim. That would be disrespectful to so many workers. 
Sure enough, after Keira and the old lady waited in the coffee shop outside the factory for a while, they saw a low-key black Bentley drive into the factory gate. 
Keira asked the coffee shop staff to look after the old lady while she walked to the factory. 
She showed her temporary worker ID to the gatehouse. The gatekeeper glanced at it and then said, “I’m sorry, but Mr. Davis ordered that during Mr. Horton’s inspection, all deliverymen, maintenance workers, as well as interns and temporary employees, are not allowed to enter.” 
“…” 
Keira knew it would be like this! 
Tom was really going out of his way to stop her from seeing Lewis Horton… 
Keira smirked, then handed over another work badge. Seeing it, the gatekeeper immediately stood upright and looked at her with admiration. “Please come in.” 
Keira took back the work badge and casually went into the gate. 
She quickly found Lewis Horton. 
The man was inspecting the workshop under the guidance of the factory head. All the workers were outside the door, and the entrance was guarded by bodyguards, making it impossible to get in. 
Keira could only look at him through the glass window from a distance. 
The man was dressed in a suit, and his handsome face and luxurious demeanor contrasted sharply with the dark, cold machinery around him, creating a visual feast. 
He was listening intently to the factory head, occasionally interjecting, which left the factory head amazed. Three to five minutes later, the factory head was thoroughly impressed with this new CEO. 
Suddenly, the man seemed to sense something, turned his head slowly, and met eyes with Keira. 
Keira waved at him. 
But Lewis Horton frowned and looked away. 
At this moment, Tom stepped forward and pulled down all the blinds, cutting off all sight. 
Keira was speechless. 
Once again, she was escorted out of the factory by the bodyguards, and Tom scolded the gatekeeper at the gate. “Didn’t I say that interns and temporary workers were not allowed in?!” 
The gatekeeper stammered, “But she’s not an ordinary temporary worker, she…” 
Tom scoffed and interrupted the gatekeeper, “She’s indeed extraordinary…” 
After all, how could an ordinary person hold so many jobs? 
Tom was extremely annoyed. He said angrily to Keira, “Miss Olsen, our boss didn’t want to stoop to your level before, but you just wouldn’t take the hint. You’ve bothered him over and over again. If you dare to show up in front of him again, we will report you for harassment!” 
Keira sighed, “If you don’t want me to continue bothering you, just go to the Bureau of Civil Affairs and check whether Mr. Horton and I are married. Why won’t you believe me?” 
Tom sneered, “In our country, all formalities must be completed for a marriage certificate, and there’s no way a certificate will be issued when the parties involved aren’t present. Your lies are absurd and ridiculous. Only a fool would believe such nonsense!” 
“…” 
Keira now knew that this argument was futile. 
She shrugged and said helplessly, “Then I guess I’ll just have to keep bothering you.” 
Tom sneered. “Do you really think you can see our boss whenever you want? If you ever see him again, that would mean I’ve failed as an assistant! If that happens, I’ll eat excrement live on broadcast!” 
Keira didn’t say anything else and turned to leave. 
It seemed that tomorrow she really had to resort to drastic measures. 
After picking up the old lady, Keira sent a WhatsApp message to “Grandson”. “Granny wants to go home to get some clothes. What’s your address?” 
“Grandson” quickly sent a location. 
He sent another message. “I’ll be done soon Where are you? I’ll pick you up.” 
Keira opened the location and was shocked when she saw it. 
No. One Manor… Wasn’t that the Horton family’s residence?!
###Chapter 15 - 15 Going to the Horton Residence
15 Going to the Horton Residence 
Translator: Henyee Translations 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
House One Manor of Oceanion was quite legendary. 
It sat halfway up a hill with the whole community sprawling across three thousand acres, and Horton’s old house bathed in over two thousand acres. 
The rest were a few dozen small villas that dotted around the Horton property. 
It was the most famous rich district in Oceanion. 
Keira assumed the elderly lady lived in one of those small villas; it never crossed her mind that this could be the Horton house. 
She replied to a message. “That’s alright. We’re already in a taxi.” 
The elderly lady looked tired and was dozing off as soon as she got into the car. 
The taxi winded its way on a broad and well-maintained mountain road before entering House One Manor and dropped them at the location specified by the GPS. 
Keira looked up at a grandeur black gate, which was carved with antique patterns, and hesitated. “Grandma, is this your home?” 
The elderly lady, still half-asleep, looked dazed. “Granddaughter-in-law, I can’t remember.” 
Keira was speechless. 
She messaged “Grandson”. “I think we might have taken the wrong turn.” 
“Grandson” replied, “Stay put. I’ll be right there.” 
As they drove in, Keira noticed that even the nearest house was a five-minute drive away; it wasn’t wise to wander around. 
She helped the elderly lady to a stone bench nearby to sit. 
Suddenly, a BMW X7 pulled up in front of them. 
Isla and Poppy got out of the back seat and marched toward them. 
Poppy’s brows furrowed in anger, and she cried out, “Keira? It really is you! What are you doing here?” 
She was here today as Isla’s nanny. She spotted a young woman lingering in front of Horton’s house from afar, never expecting it to be Keira! 
Isla glanced at the tightly closed gate of the Horton house. “Keira, are you back to pestering Mr. Horton?” 
At that, Poppy rebuked fiercely. “You bitch! Don’t you know what the occasion is? Leave immediately! If you ruin Isla’s family reunion, you’ll regret it!” 
Keira was really sick of them. 
But the elderly woman was there, and she didn’t want a conflict, so she swallowed her impatience and tried to explain, “I’m here to take the old lady home. We just took the wrong turn.” 
Isla responded instinctively, “Isn’t this your husband’s grandma? She can’t possibly live in this community!” 
Keira retorted sarcastically, “Why can’t she? Did your family build this community?” 
Isla was speechless. 
But Poppy sneered. “What are you pretending for? Can your poor husband’s grandma afford a house here?” 
She then turned to the elderly woman, “Old thing, tell me, which villa do you live in?” 
Just as Keira was about to say something, the elderly woman suddenly stood up. “I remembered! I live here! Granddaughter-in-law, let’s go home!” 
She grabbed Keira’s hand and began to head toward the grand gate of the Horton house. 
The gate was still a hundred meters away. 
But they only took a few steps when Isla spoke. “Keira, after all that, you’re using the old lady as an excuse to get into the Horton house, aren’t you?” 
Keira paused and fixed her gaze ahead of her. The Horton house? 
Even though she had a vague suspicion upon seeing the grandeur gate… 
But how could she possibly connect the polite “Grandson” from WhatsApp, with the ruthless Lewis… 
Maybe the old woman remembered wrong? 
Just as she was about to double-check, Poppy lunged over, reaching out to grab the old woman. “You shameless old hag, how dare you try to get in with this excuse! I won’t let you create chaos in the Horton house!” 
Keira was taken aback. She managed to shield the elderly woman, and with one hand grabbing Poppy, she pushed her away forcefully, shouting, “What do you think you’re doing?” 
The elderly lady was old and frail and could not stand any form of rough action! 
Poppy staggered backward from the force of the push. Once she regained her balance, she cursed Keira. “You ungrateful wretch, to think that you would hurt your own mother for this old woman! I’ll call the police and have you charged with unfilial conduct!” 
Keira ignored her, but the elderly woman retorted instantly, “My granddaughter-in-law is not unfilial. You’re lying!” 
Poppy chuckled. “Old hag, you must be really desperate to allow your granddaughter-in-law to be with another man, aren’t you? Is it because she gives you a cut? Or is your family just naturally into this kind of stuff? You must have served a lot of men in your youth, you old hussy!”… 
“Shut up!!” 
Keira blurted out, hurriedly checking the old lady. 
Never having been insulted like this, the elderly woman was visibly shaken. 
She clutched at her chest, her body beginning to shake uncontrollably, and she collapsed to the ground. 
Keira quickly helped her up, “Grandma, what’s wrong?” 
The elderly lady was gasping for breath and couldn’t form a single word. 
Keira immediately took out the nitroglycerin from her pocket, but upon opening the bottle, she realized that it was empty!! 
Her pupils contracted. 
The elderly lady was weak; CPR wouldn’t be suitable unless absolutely necessary. It would be best to give her medication. 
She cast a dire look at the grand gate. The Horton House must have medication! 
Even if the elderly lady wasn’t part of the Horton family, they were neighbors, and they wouldn’t just stand by and let her die, would they? 
Carrying the old lady in her arms, Keira comforted her, “Don’t worry, Grandma, I’ll take you inside to get some medicine!” 
But Isla grabbed her arm forcefully. “Keira, stop it! It was tolerable when you acted pitiful to buy clothes, but how could you deliberately provoke the Horton family? They won’t let you in…” 
She looked over at the elderly woman, an unsettling gleam in her eyes. 
The old woman looked pretty sick and seemed to be about to pass away any moment. 
If she were to die, Keira’s husband would surely blame her! After that, Keira wouldn’t dare to mess with other men! 
At this moment, Keira felt like she was about to explode in frustration! 
Her beautiful eyes were filled with towering rage, and she lifted her foot to kick Isla. 
“Get Lost!” 
Her voice was hoarse with anger. 
But the next moment, her leg was tightly hugged by someone. 
Poppy was sitting on the ground, her arms wrapped tightly around Keira’s legs with no regard for her image, 
“You think you’re the only one who can deliberately provoke others? You’re wrong! I’m also dying! I’ve been beaten up by my own daughter! 
“My chest hurts so bad, I can’t take it anymore! 
“Even if I’m going to die today, I won’t let this old hag deliberately provoke the Horton family!” 
Keira was so incensed that she was trembling all over, her eyes darkening. 
She kicked Poppy off and rammed her elbow into Isla’s stomach, then strode forward! 
Isla bent over in pain, breaking into a cold sweat. 
Ignoring her own aches and pains, Poppy once again lunged at Keira, latching onto her legs and yelling hysterically, “Help! She’s trying to murder me!” 
Being cautious of the elderly woman in her arms, Keira found herself unable to shake Poppy off! 
Just as things started to escalate, a black Bentley slowly made its way over. 
Lewis got out of the car, demanding sharply, “What the hell are you doing?!” 
Isla immediately said, “Mr. Horton, it’s Keira. She’s trying to force her way into the Horton family house with a dying old woman. I tried to stop her but…” 
Hearing this, Keira slowly turned around. 
Upon seeing the elderly woman in her arms, Lewis’s pupils contracted!
###Chapter 16 - 16: She Got Married
Chapter 16: She Got Married 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
The elderly woman in Keira’s arms was looking pale, with her arms hanging limply… 
At the sight, Lewis wasted no time and strode toward them! 
Though he appeared calm, he was filled with anxiety! 
The elderly woman was the one person he was closest to in this world… Over the past few years, her health had been deteriorating. Their family doctor had even hinted to old Mrs. Horton that she might not make it through the year… 
He couldn’t lose her! 
When Keira saw him approaching, she drew her own conclusions. However, it wasn’t the right time to discuss it. She quickly blurted out, “Granny just had a heart attack. She has used all her nitroglycerin pills and urgently needs medication”. 
After a pause, she added, “She’ll be okay once she gets the medicine.” 
Lewis nervously pressed his lips together. 
He reached out to take the elderly woman from Keira and darted into the 
Horton family home without looking back. 
Keira didn’t follow inside; her leg was still being held by Poppy. 
Isla watched Lewis from behind with uncertainty. A strong feeling of unease stirred her. “Is that really old Mrs. Horton? 
“How could old Mrs. Horton be with Keira?! That woman is the grandmother of 
Keira’s husband!” 
Poppy released Keira and stood up, dusting off her clothes as she said, Mr. Horton looks so worried. He’s probably afraid of causing a real disaster. If someone were to die here, the Horton family won’t look good when word gets out…” 
She shot Keira a spiteful glare, “She’s banking on this to rush into the Horton house while carrying that decrepit old woman, isn’t she?” 
Isla frowned. 
It could be. 
Keira’s punk husband couldn’t possibly be Lewis, right? 
She was probably overthinking… 
Just then, the front door of the Horton house opened, and Jake stepped out. Isla’s eyes lit up as she said playfully, “Jake, you could have just waited for me at the parking lot. Why did you come all the way to the front door?” 
Jake was clearly irritated. 
Isla had texted him that she was almost there but carrying too many gifts and asked him to come pick her up. He waited in the parking lot for a long time, and when she didn’t show up, he came out to check. 
His eyes fell on Keira, and he paused mid-step. 
But in the next moment, his previous impatience melted away, replaced by a softness. He said gently to Isla, “Well, it’s your first visit. I was afraid you might get lost.” 
Isla ran to him excitedly and grabbed his arm as if staking her claim. She cooed to him, “Jake, you’re so nice.” 
Testing the waters, she asked, “Is old Mrs. Horton at home?” 
“Yes.” 
“Has she been home all day? Did she go out at all?’ 
“Well, she has not been well for a while and has mostly been resting at home.” Old Mrs. Horton lived on her own in a separate courtyard and didn’t like being disturbed. 
Jake’s words sounded casual, but Isla mistook them for truth and was instantly relieved. 
Jake unabashedly eyed Keira. 
He didn’t miss a single change in her expression, trying to find some hint of jealousy, envy, or resentment. 
But there was none. Not a trace. 
A sullen look gradually cast over his face. 
Keira was more worried about the old lady’s health and paid no attention to the couple’s display of affection. 
At this point, she was reasonably sure that the “Grandson” she chatted with was Lewis. 
She looked at the imposing gate, wondering if she would be stopped if she tried 
to enter now. 
Suddenly, her view was obscured. 
Jake stood in front of her, bluntly asking, “Keira, are you here to see me because you’ve had a change of heart? 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
With a cold laugh, Jake spat out words filled with venom. “If you had given in, a phone call would have been enough. Who allowed you to come to the Horton house? Do you think you, an illegitimate daughter, even deserve to set foot here?” 
Keira pressed her lips together. 
Jake softened at her stubbornness. “If you want to have a look inside, I can… Before he could finish his sentence, Isla cut him off. “Jake, you’ve misunderstood. Keira is waiting for her husband’s grandmother. The old lady just had a sudden heart attack, and Mr. Horton rushed her inside for emergency treatment…” 
Jake was taken aback, “Husband?” 
Isla chuckled. “Indeed, I didn’t get a chance to tell you. Keira is married…” Jake’s eyes suddenly reddened as he gnashed his teeth. “Keira, who is he?!” His response gave the impression of a man catching his partner cheating in the act. 
Keira gave him a mocking look and said, “Jake, who my husband is has nothing to do with you.” 
His voice spiked as he shouted back, “What do you mean it’s none of my business? I want to see who dares to marry you without my consent!” 
Isla hastily replied, “From what I’ve heard from Keira’s mother, he’s just a street punk.” 
Jake clenched his fists, not choosing his words as he spat out, “So, you decide to disgrace yourself? Fine! A bastard girl and a punk, you truly make a perfect match!” 
Isla continued to fan the flames. “Keira must be pretty resentful. That’s why 
she keeps pestering Mr. Horton…” 
Keira shot back in a cold, mocking laugh. “Isla, for someone who considers herself a lady, it’s surprising that your mind is filled with such filthy thoughts. Can’t you think of anything else?” 
A chill ran down Isla’s spine, and she clenched her fingers. 
With a sigh, she said, “Keira, I understand that you are seeking revenge on me and Jake, but Mr. Horton is already married. You shouldn’t meddle in someone else’s marriage…” 
Jake exploded when he heard this. 
He had been waiting for Keira to call him these past few days and beg for his forgiveness. He was even willing to give her a second chance if she did so. Turns out she has already moved on?! 
He flew into a rage. “Now I understand why your husband’s grandmother had a heart attack at my doorstep. You were here to visit my uncle, weren’t you, Keira? How could you be so shameless?!” 
He was steaming, seething with rage. 
He pointed at Keira and told the door guard, “See that? Remember this face. Don’t let her step foot inside the Horton house! 
Isla lowered her gaze to hide the smirk playing at the corners of her lips. 
After all, she still had some say in the entrance to the Horton House… Meanwhile, a butler from the Horton family emerged from the house. His gaze swept over the crowd, finally landing on Keira, “Miss Keira, the master invites you in.” 
Isla froze. 
Jake looked up, dumbstruck. 
On the other hand, Keira glanced at the door guard, a teasing smile playing on her lips. “So, can I go in now?” 
The door guard glanced anxiously at Jake, then without hesitation, opened the door for Keira. 
He did know who had the final say in the Horton family… 
The Horton’s house was huge. 
Inside the gate, a buggy was available to shuttle Keira directly to the main building’s entrance. 
The butler said respectfully, “Madam is fine now. She and the master are waiting for you in the drawing room.” 
Relieved, Keira got out of the buggy. She noticed the Olsen family’s BMW X7 parked not far away in the parking lot. 
With Jake leading the way, Isla and Poppy strode menacingly toward Keira, meeting her just outside. 
Poppy glared venomously at her. “Mr. Horton probably asked you to come pick up your grandmother here. After you do that, make sure you leave promptly. Don’t let a nasty creature like you smear the Horton house’s carpets! 
As they entered the drawing-room together, they saw old Mrs. Horton sitting upright on the head sofa. 
The elderly lady glared at them, fuming.. “Who are you calling a ‘nasty creature’?”
###Chapter 17 - 17: Humiliate Isla
Chapter 17: Humiliate Isla 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
The little old lady was now adorned in luxurious clothing, though she still looked a little pale. 
Lewis was sitting frostily to her left. 
To her right was a man over sixty. It was Lewis’s father. 
A middle-aged couple in their forties sat on the nearby sofa, they were Lewis’ elder brother and sister-in-law, and also the parents of Jake. 
Although no one had introduced the identity of the petite old lady, anyone able to sit in a prominent position in the Horton family was definitely old Mrs. 
Horton. 
Poppy stood where she was, dumbfounded. “You, you… 
She stuttered for a while but couldn’t complete a sentence. 
Isla was about to collapse but was fortunately caught by Jake. 
Jake was puzzled. “What’s wrong with you?” 
Isla’s hands were trembling. 
She’d been striving for a connection with the Horton family all along and was painstakingly trying to please every elder here, but before she even entered the door, she had already offended old Mrs. Horton! 
She suddenly chuckled bitterly. “Keira, why did you trick us, saying old Mrs. Horton is your husband’s grandmother? Due to that, we were disrespectful to the old lady…” 
Keira instantly felt several suspicious glances directed at her in the room. Poppy, having recovered, scolded her. “You’re such a liar! You know that Mrs. 
Horton is old, so you dare to deceive her! What do you take the Horton family for? Kneel and apologize immediately!” 
Keira’s eyes darkened. 
They were trying to shift the blame, throwing all the fault onto her, and absolving Isla in the process. 
What a good tactic. 
“Smash!” 
A teacup was thrown over by old Mrs. Horton, hitting Poppy. 
The boiling tea inside splashed onto her, but Poppy didn’t dare to scream. ■■Shut up!” Mrs. Horton screamed in anger. “She’s my granddaughter-in-law!” Despite enduring the pain of a burn, Poppy yelled, “Mrs. Horton, you’ve been deceived by her! I’m completely sure that her husband is just a little punk!” -No need to argue. Why not just ask the parties involved?” 
Jake’s mother chimed in, “Lewis, is she really the wife you’re hiding and not bringing home?” 
Keira glanced swiftly towards Lewis, and then she heard that expected response. “No.” 
The man, as always, was icy and emotionless. 
What an ungrateful, vindictive, mean person! 
A flash of resentment shot through Keira’s eyes. 
Relief washed over Isla’s face, and she sighed. 
Poppy sneered. “I knew all along that this was all Keira’s doing!” 
Keira gave a cold snort, and was about to retort, but instead heard the man’s deep voice again. 
“It’s my grandmother who mistook her, so I asked Miss Olsen to help take care of my grandmother for a while.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say 
Alright, she admitted she was shouting a little too loud in her head when she cursed him just now. 
Everyone was quiet for a moment, no one expected this turn of events. After a while, Isla lowered her head. “So that’s how it is. Keira, why didn’t you tell us the truth? If you had, this misunderstanding wouldn’t have happened.” 
“Miss Isla…” 
Lewis relaxed on the couch, his posture casual but his words struck with force. “Facing troubles by hiding behind others and shirking your responsibilities, is this how the Olsen family raises its daughters?” 
Old Mrs. Horton, enlightened by his words, thundered. 
“You think I’m stupid since I have dementia. Do you think I can’t see through these little tricks? 
“You’ve made a mistake, but you’re not repentant. Not only that but you’re trying to shift the blame onto others. You two truly are shameless!” Old Mrs. Horton turned to Jake. “Call off the wedding. I don’t want her as my granddaughter – in – law!” 
Isla was stunned! 
The marriage she’d worked so hard to secure couldn’t just be gone like that! 
She looked toward Jake, but the man looked astonished, his gaze fixed on Keira, evidently still shocked by the news of her marriage. 
Isla clenched her fingers tight. 
Lowering her head, she walked to Jake, tears rolling down her face. “Jake, I was wrong… Rest assured, even if the marriage is canceled, I’ll still take you to the person I promised to introduce to you.” 
Jake came to his senses. 
Isla still wanted to introduce Dr. South to him… 
Currently in Crera’s new energy projects, Dr. South was the top expert! He quickly spoke to old Mrs. Horton, “Great-grandmother, Isla really didn’t know, so please forgive her. Besides, both families have already exchanged betrothal gifts. It’s really not appropriate to call off the marriage. 
Old Mrs. Horton gave him a meaningful look. “You’re grown up now. I can’t control you. Do as you please.” 
Old Mrs. Horton understood a profound truth. 
“The older generation shouldn’t act like an old meddler. 
The problems of the great-grandson should be solved by his parents, and she didn’t want to interfere anymore. 
However… 
Jake’s mother laughed. “Grandma, have you forgotten about the welcome gift?” Old Mrs. Horton lowered her eyes. ‘TH have someone transfer $30,000 to Jake.” Jake’s mother was stunned. “But I remember you saying you’d give them 2% shares as a gift to ease their financial stress in their marriage…” If you were to ask who was the wealthiest in the Horton family, it was definitely old Mrs. Horton! 
She was from a wealthy family in Clance and received a generous dowry when she married. Moreover, she controlled 20% of the Horton family’s shares… Jake’s mother had been wanting to take a slice from her through this marriage! Everything had been agreed upon, but old Mrs. Horton changed her mind at the last minute! 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at her with a half-laughing, half-serious look and retorted. “I’m dissatisfied with this great granddaughter-in-law, so I won’t give them any shares!” 
Isla’s face turned pale. She felt humiliated. 
There were many servants in the Horton family, and these words would definitely spread. Soon, the whole Oceanion would know that she’d been rejected by old Mrs. Horton! 
Nothing was more important to the daughter of a rich family than her reputation. Old Mrs. Horton might as well slap her in the face… Obviously, old Mrs. Horton didn’t care about these things. Having made her statement, she immediately took Keira and Lewis back to her residence. Old Mrs. Horton then excused herself saying she urgently needed to use the bathroom. She left Keira with Lewis alone themselves. 
In an instant, there were only the two of them left in the yard. 
The night was as dark as ink. 
Keira stood shoulder to shoulder with Lewis, only then realizing that the man was a head taller than her. He must be about six feet tall. 
Didn’t the old lady say he was very thin and small when he was born? 
While she was silently cursing him, Lewis suddenly looked at her, his eyebrows furrowed in disgust. “Need Iron?” 
Keira wouldn’t be outdone and also stared back at him. “Puppy?” 
Lewis’s face turned green. 
“She has coaxed Grandma into telling her even that! 
“She must have a hidden agenda! 
“Perhaps Grandma’s attachment to her was an accident without any calculation involved, but this woman willingly took Grandma in. Maybe it was because Grandma accidentally revealed her identity.” 
After Keira snapped at him, she didn’t forget the main point. “I remember you said you would do me a favor. Could you go with me to the Civil Affairs Bureau to check on my marital status?” 
Lewis’s face grew dark, and he snapped impatiently. 
“Fine, then let’s go! If it’s not true, I hope you stop using Grandma as an excuse to pester me!”
###Chapter 18 - 18: Marriage Certificate
Chapter 18: Marriage Certificate 
Translator: Henyee Translations , Editor. Henyee Translations 
Having heard their argument, the old lady poked her head out from the window. “Brat, are you upsetting my granddaughter-in-law? 
Lewis’s face tightened. “No.” 
The old lady cast a doubtful glance at Keira: “Granddaughter-in-law, is that 
true?” 
Keira gave Lewis a seemingly amused glare. She surprisingly noticed a trace of anxiousness on his otherwise expressionless face. 
She chuckled. “No, he’s not upsetting me.” 
The man seemed to heave a sigh of relief although barely noticeable. 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled, “Good. Dinner is ready. Come on in. 
Their dinner was fairly simple. 
Four dishes and one soup, just enough for three people. 
But the old lady barely had any appetite. She put down her fork after a few 
bites. 
She tiredly said, “Granddaughter-in-law, I’m tired. Let’s go home. 
Keira tried to persuade her. “Please don’t stress yourself. Rest here at home tonight.” 
The small courtyard was like a mini nursing home, equipped with all kinds of medical equipment. 
However, the old lady nervously clung onto Keira’s hand. “Can you stay with 
me then?” 
Keira pursed her lips. 
She glanced at Lewis. 
in fact, she was also worried about the old lady, but considering how much 
Lewis loathed her and suspected her of using the old lady to get closer to him, 
he certainly wouldn’t agree. 
The man fell silent, then said, “Alright. 
He then gave her a meaningful glance. 
His intention was clear. He was doing all this for his grandmother, and she shouldn’t misconstrue anything. 
Keira gave a slight twitch at the comer of her mouth. 
Old Mrs. Horton was satisfied, “All right, wherever my granddaughter-in-law 
is, there I am.” 
After dinner, Keira helped old Mrs. Horton back to her room to rest. 
The old lady must have been really tired today after making a scene when she fell ill. She fell asleep as soon as she took hold of Keira’s hand. 
She was having an extremely restless sleep. 
As soon as Keira let go of her hand, the old lady began groping around in her sleep, mumbling “Granddaughter-in-law . 
Keira was helpless and could only sit by the bed, keeping her company. 
Outside the window. 
Lewis had a serious expression on his face. “What’s going on with grandma?” 
The family doctor, who had studied psychology, sighed. “Although I don’t know why old Mrs. Horton recognized this girl, I can more or less guess why she is so restless. She’s afraid that her granddaughter-in-law will leave…” 
“Why?” 
The family doctor gave Lewis a glance, “It seems like old Mrs. Horton feels like she won’t be able to survive this year. She’s afraid if she’s gone, you’ll end up with no constraints, and ‘granddaughter-in-law’ is the only person she can leave behind to keep you company…” 
Lewis was slightly startled. His dark eyes reflected suppressed emotions for a while before settling back into calmness. 
He stood in the moonlight, seeming as if he was going to blend completely into 
the darkness behind him. 
No one knew how much time had elapsed before the man suddenly turned around and walked towards the main house in big strides. 
*** 
For Isla, this meal was very difficult to get through. 
The first branch of the family had lost 2% of the shares because of her. 
Jake’s mother, Melissa Knight, was extremely dissatisfied and made cutting remarks toward Isla. “Isn’t Keira an illegitimate daughter? How come she can get into the good graces of old Mrs. Horton, but you can t? 
isla could only lower her head in apology. “Auntie, I’m not as sweet-tongued as 
her. I don’t know how to flatter other people.” 
Melissa snorted in contempt. “I don’t care what method you use, but you have to get those 2% shares back! Otherwise, don’t even think about stepping into the Horton family!” 
Isla was left with her inner grievances untold. 
She was finally able to ask for leave after going through the hard ordeal of finishing her meal. 
But before she could leave, Lewis returned. 
The man was tall, and his presence filled the room with a strong oppressive aura the moment he entered. His gaze was sharp as a torch, and after sweeping over the leftover food on the dining table, his face soured even more. 
Old Mrs. Horton didn’t get to eat anything tonight, and they are here satisfying themselves? 
Melissa didn’t dare to speak when she saw his face. It was Jake’s father, Oliver Horton, who frowned and asked, “Lewis, what brings you here?” Lewis ignored his namesake older brother and instead turned to Isla. “Since the marriage isn’t off, she’s considered part of the Horton family as of now, right?” 
Everyone was left puzzled. “Yes.” 
“In that case, she has to follow the rules of the Horton family. She has shown disrespect to her elders today, therefore she is to kneel in the ancestral hall for a night.” 
Lewis gave a signal without further explanation, and two bodyguards walked 
up toward Isla. “Miss Olsen, please come with us.” 
Isla was dumbstruck. 
Kneeling for the whole night in the ancestral hall? 
As a pampered child from a very young age, how could she bear that? 
She sought help from Jake. 
But she saw that he didn’t dare to rebel against the person in power. 
She took a deep breath and had no choice but to follow the bodyguards. 
Just as she was about to step out, she heard Jake ask, “Uncle Lewis, where’s Keira? Has she left?” 
Then she heard the man’s warning reply, “She’s my guest and is staying at the Horton’s tonight.” 
Isla followed the bodyguards to the ancestral hall. 
The bodyguards said, “Mr. Horton has instructed us. Since you haven’t married into the family, you cannot enter the Horton family ancestral hall, so just kneel outside.” 
Outside was a paved area made of green bricks! 
Isla wanted to say something, but the two bodyguards seemed to stand tall like gatekeepers, their cold eyes watching her. “Miss Olsen, please. 
The weather in October was already quite chilly at night. 
Isla was shivering, the bone-piercing cold seeped into her bones from her kneecaps. She wanted to slacken a bit, but those two bodyguards stared at her intently as if they were prison guards. 
They didn’t say a word, but still, their silence made one shudder. 
On recalling that at this very moment, Keira must be lying on a warm and soft bed… 
Isla gritted her teeth in hatred. 
But Keira would only stay with the Horton family for a night, while Isla could stay here for a lifetime in the future! 
She was about to meet with Dr. South soon, and she had to make good use of this card… 
*** 
When Keira woke up, she found herself lying in bed. 
There was also a small grey blanket placed over her, which didn’t match the interior of the old lady’s room. 
She didn’t think much of it. After getting up and freshening up, she had breakfast with old Mrs. Horton and Lewis. 
A plate of doughnuts was placed on the dining table. 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately picked one up. 
Lewis frowned. 
His grandma had high blood sugar, and it wasn’t suitable for her to eat foods high in fat and sugar like these. 
As he was thinking of how to dissuade her, he heard Keira say plainly, “Grandma, these doughnuts aren’t suitable for you… 
Right after that, the old lady who was picky about her food and liked to eat whatever she pleased, diverted her hand in mid-air and put the doughnut into Keira’s bowl. 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled at her pleasantly. “Granddaughter-in-law, I was getting it for you.” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He looked at Keira scrupulously, unable to understand why Grandma was so willing to listen to her. 
Keira started to eat the doughnut unreservedly. She then looked at Lewis. “By the way, bring your ID card and household registration book when we go to the Civil Affairs Bureau later.” 
Old Mrs. Horton asked curiously, “What are you going to the Civil Affairs Bureau for?” 
Keira answered casually, “We lost the marriage certificate, so we need a new one.” 
A marriage certificate was needed for a divorce, and she wasn’t just fobbing old Mrs. Horton off. 
However, much to her surprise, upon hearing this, old Mrs. Horton quickly retorted, “It’s not lost!” 
She hurriedly went into the bedroom and swiftly brought back two red marriage certificates before handing them to Keira and Lewis!!
###Chapter 19 - 19: She Has Always Known
Chapter 19: She Has Always Known 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira stared dumbfounded at the marriage certificate in her hand. 
She suddenly realized, that the first time old Mrs. Horton saw her, she called her “granddaughter-in-law”. The old lady had known all along that Keira and Lewis were married! 
Keira felt that she had found a clue. 
She immediately asked, “Grandma, how did you come by this marriage certificate?” 
Old Mrs. Horton was taken aback, her eyes growing a touch bewildered. “I… I can’t really remember.” 
Keira continued. “How did Mr. Horton and I come to be married?” 
Old Mrs. Horton just shook her head. “I don’t recall.” 
Keira grew somewhat anxious. “Grandma, please try to think back…” “Enough!” 
Lewis said unhappily, his towering figure standing between the two women. His eyes were cold when he asked, “Miss Olsen, is this certificate real?” “Of course.” 
Lewis’s face darkened. “Are you going to say we don’t need to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau now?” 
So that was her aim! 
She used a legitimate excuse like going to the Civil Affairs Bureau as a setup, then lured his grandma into taking out this fake certificate and tricking him’ into believing it was true. 
If he hadn’t seen how his grandma just did as she was told, he might have believed Keira! 
Keira sensed the hostility in the man’s tone and found it baffling. “We don’t have to go today.” 
Divorce isn’t something that could be resolved by just stopping by the Civil Affairs Bureau. 
For two years, they were legally husband and wife, so there were a lot of property distribution issues to deal with. They needed to sign a divorce agreement first. 
“No.” 
After Lewis spoke, he carefully observed Keira. 
She was slightly taken aback, then she said nonchalantly, “Whatever you say.” He wondered if she was too confident in her acting that she wouldn’t give up until the last moment. 
Or was this marriage certificate genuine? 
Lewis was suddenly unsure. He simply picked up the marriage certificate and headed out. “I’ll wait for you in the parking lot.” 
Keira smiled reassuringly at the old lady, then followed Lewis out. The man walked quickly, and she almost had to trot to keep up with him. When they arrived at the parking lot, they saw Poppy standing there with an ashen-faced Isla, who was shaking and sneezing. Poppy seemed heartbroken. On seeing Keira, Poppy’s eyes lit up. “Keira!” 
She quickly walked over, cautiously avoiding Lewis. She stood before Keira and said self-righteously, “You must help your sister!” 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
She didn’t understand why the two were out so early in the morning. 
Didn’t they leave last night? 
Before she could speak, Poppy was already rambling. 
■’Keira, you’re an illegitimate child, but the Olsen family didn’t mind your background and raised you. For all the hardship they went through, you should reciprocate for the Olsen family… 
“Your sister has been even better to you. Not only did she let you go to school with her, but she also shared her clothes with you. 
“And also, you were so weak when you were born that you wouldn’t have survived. I didn’t have any milk, so you only survived because you took the milk that was supposed to be for your sister. 
“Back then, the Olsen family hadn’t intended to take us in. Mrs. Olsen and your father only decided to keep us because you and your sister were born the same day… 
“So, you owe your sister. You should repay her kindness all your life…” 
Keira hadn’t heard those words in ten years. 
When she was little, she believed these lies and worked like a horse for the 
Olsen family, she let Isla bully her. How ridiculous! 
Indeed, the Olsen family had raised her, but parents having to raise a child was a legal obligation. If they hadn’t taken care of her, they would have been guilty of desertion! y 
She did go to school with Isla Olsen, but she had to carry Isla’s school on their way to school and back home. She also had to be Olsen’s servant at school. 
If Isla happened to cough one day, it was Keira’s fault for not taking good care 
of her, and she would get beaten by Poppy. 
In school, she could only get the last place in exams because she couldn’t outshine Isla! 
And the clothes… Her parents never prepared any for her. She could only wear Isla’s hand-me-downs; hence, her clothes were always a bit too small. 
Mrs. Olsen did buy her a new dress once, but as soon as she put it on, it was taken off by Poppy and given to Isla, stating that she wasn’t good enough! She couldn’t be prettier than Isla! 
As for being weak… 
Which baby wouldn’t be weak after being starved for five days? 
The mockery in Keira’s eyes grew more intense. 
But Poppy didn’t sense her emotions at all. After saying those things she immediately added, “Now that you’ve grown up, you finally have a chance to repay the Olsen family. Keira, old Mrs. Horton listens to you, right? Ask her to return the 2% of the shares to your sister!” 
Keira looked down and laughed. “You’re right.” 
Poppy’s face lit up, thinking she had convinced Keira, only to hear the girl’s indifferent voice a moment later. 
‘Tm just a lowborn illegitimate daughter. How could old Mrs. Horton possibly listen to me?” 
Poppy froze, wanting to say something else, but Keira had already walked past her and got into Lewis’s car. “Let’s go.” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He looked at the girl sitting in the back seat, thinking about telling her that the driver hadn’t arrived yet. 
But then Poppy seemed to try to run to the car. 
Lewis sat behind the wheel and closed the door. He then slowly fastened his seatbelt before starting the car and driving off. 
The black Bentley drove smoothly. 
Lewis looked back at the girl through his rearview mirror. She was staring at the passing scenery outside the window. Her exquisite and beautiful face was calm. 
He looked away and continued driving. 
He had planned to warn her, but in the end, he didn’t say anything. 
The car quickly arrived at the Civil Affairs Bureau. 
As soon as he stopped, Tom knocked on the driver’s side window. 
Lewis rolled down the window, and Tom’s voice came through. “Boss, the driver said you took the car yourself, and it scared me, so I followed the GPS. Did something happen?” 
“No.” 
Lewis was as sparing with his words as ever. 
Tom looked at the Civil Affairs Bureau, “Why did you come here? Don’t tell me you were so bothered by Keira Olsen that you became paranoid. Don’t worry. I told you. She can’t see you again. If she does, then I will…” 
“Livestream eating shit?” 
Before Tom could finish, he heard a lazy female voice. 
He stiffened and slowly looked at the backseat to find Keira with a teasing look 
in her eyes, “Which livestream channel do you use?” 
Tom was completely stunned! 
The three of them entered the Civil Affairs Bureau and approached the service window. 
Tom took the lead and asked, “Hi, I have an inquiry. Can one pick up the marriage certificate without the persons involved being present?” The clerk said, “Absolutely not.” 
“Did you hear that?” Tom looked at Keira mockingly, glancing at the marriage certificate in her hands before he sneered, “You even prepared a fake certificate? Nice, I’ll report you for forgery and harassment now!” 
However, Lewis handed over the marriage certificate. “Excuse me, could you please check if this marriage certificate is genuine..”
###Chapter 20 - 20: Why Are We Married
Chapter 20: Why Are We Married 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The staff member gave him a strange look, took the marriage certificate, and began inputting information into the computer. 
Lewis pursed his lips. 
He suddenly found his actions absurd. 
Despite being certain that he wasn’t married, he had somehow ended up here. 
He even missed a very important meeting for it. 
The staff member soon gave him the answer. “It’s genuine. 
Lewis was surprised. 
Hearing the staff member’s words, Tom cried out involuntarily, “How’s that possible?! Did you get the data entry wrong?” 
The staff member glared at him. “What are you talking about? Marriage is a serious matter. We have to confirm both parties’ identities meticulously, and they have to sign a guarantee!” 
A guarantee… 
Keira asked, “Can we take a look at our guarantee?” 
“Please bring us the guarantee.” 
Lewis spoke at the same time. 
The two exchanged a glance and quickly looked away. 
The staff member reluctantly stood up. “You two do have chemistry as a couple. 
Alright, I’ll go get it for you.” 
He soon returned with their registration documents. From them, he pulled out the guarantee and handed it over to Keira and Lewis. 
Keira realized that the handwriting on it was indeed hers! 
Tom also cried out, “Boss, this is your handwriting!” 
Keira thought for a moment and then looked at the surveillance cameras. “Excuse me, can we take a look at the recording from the day we registered?” 
The staff member replied, “Sorry, we only keep recordings for six months.’ 
The staff member continually assured them that the marriage certificate would only be issued if both parties were present, and they never made mistakes. 
The three of them eventually left the Civil Affairs Bureau in resignation. 
Standing at the entrance, Tom asked in confusion, “Boss, what do we do now?” 
Lewis pondered. 
Keira raised her eyebrows. 
“I want a divorce.” 
“I want a divorce.” 
The two spoke in unison again. 
Tom was startled, then asked, “Do we do it now? Should we discuss the terms 
of the divorce?” 
“I will have my lawyer contact you.” 
“Talk to my lawyer.” 
Lewis and Keira spoke at the same time again. 
After both had finished speaking, they couldn’t help but look at each other. 
Keira laughed and said straightforwardly, “Why don’t we each have our lawyers draft an agreement to review first? If there’s an issue, let the lawyers talk.” 
Tom laughed scornfully, “You can’t afford a lawyer.” 
However, Lewis nodded in agreement. 
Ignoring Tom, Keira took out her phone again, “Mr. Horton, can I add you on WhatsApp? It’ll make communication easier.” 
Lewis hesitated for a moment before taking out his phone. He opened WhatsApp and told Keira his ID. Then a chat box appeared on her phone with a note that read “Grandson”. 
His face suddenly darkened. 
Keira was speechless. 
She had forgotten that they had already added each other on WhatsApp! 
Ignoring the man’s scowl, she cleared his throat. “I randomly made a note of your ID at that time. I’ll change it.” 
She shielded her screen and changed “Grandson” to “Puppy . 
Then, she said “Catch you later” before hailing a cab and left. 
Watching her leave, Tom hesitated before looking at Lewis. “Boss, you two really are married, right?” 
The two had just seemed too in sync! 
Lewis gave him a look. “Find the best divorce lawyer and draft a contract to protect my assets ‘outside’.” 
Tom stood up straight, “Yes!” 
After he finished speaking, Tom realized something. “I know what’s going on! the marriage thing is definitely that woman’s scheme. Now that she can’t win your heart, she’s decided to have a piece of your money! No wonder she has money to hire a lawyer to battle you in a divorce lawsuit. Even if she takes only a little, the lawyer will get quite a high salary!” 
Tom gritted his teeth in anger. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure she won’t take a penny from you! 
“Make sure he won’t take a penny from me. 
In the taxi, Keira was also talking to Samuel. “Find the best divorce lawyer.” “No problem,” Samuel said. “Boss, what’s the deal with your marriage? Neither you nor Lewis Horton can remember it. Surely, you can’t both get amnesia, right?” 
Keira calmly responded, “Do you think this is a novel? 
Samuel said, “I was just curious! It’s both absurd and exciting! It would be nice if the Civil Affairs Bureau just sent me a wife one day.” 
Keira sighed quietly and only responded after a moment, “There’s someone 
who definitely knows what’s going on.” 
“Who?” 
“Old Mrs. Horton.” 
“Didn’t she lose her memory?” 
“Is the clinical medicine for treating Alzheimer’s still in the experimental stage?” She frowned, “Speed it up, or it’ll be too late.” 
“What will be too late?” 
Keira didn’t answer this question. 
She arrived home shortly after. 
As she opened the door to enter the familiar room, she suddenly found the small two-bedroom apartment a bit empty. 
At that moment, the old lady walked into the hallway with a suitcase. “Granddaughter-in-law, you’re back! I’ve been waiting for you for a long time! This time I brought a lot of clothes with me!” 
Keira was surprised for a moment before she smiled. 
That day, the most famous divorce law firm in Oceanion and its most famous lawyer received two divorce agreement drafting commissions. 
Both parties were anonymous, and their requests were “the other party cannot be taken away my money, not even a penny”. 
The conditions were extremely strict. 
The assistant lawyer complained, “I’ve seen many divorces, but never one this ruthless. One is a male and the other a female. Men and women are equally ruthless when they have their hearts set!” 
Having seen every case of loving couples turning bitter enemies, the lawyer found nothing too shocking. 
He chuckled. “One contract, double the money! Get prepared, and send it to our employers!” 
At Horton Group, on the top floor. 
Since returning from the Civil Affairs Bureau, Lewis had been busy. 
By the time he received a call from home saying that Grandma had gone looking for her “granddaughter-in-law” again, it was almost time to go home. 
Grandma needed a body check every day to ensure all her vitals… 
He furrowed his brows, subconsciously opened WhatsApp, and found “Need Iron”. He wanted to send a message but didn’t know what to say. 
It seemed ever since he found out that “Need Iron” was Keira, he had been feeling awkward. 
He casually scrolled through their chat history. 
The conversations they had before were very casual, like old friends. 
Especially when he joined her to say bad things about her enemy. Wait. Wasn’t the person she insulted that day at the restaurant himself? 
Lewis’s face darkened again. 
At that moment, his phone buzzed. It was a message from “Need Iron”. She had sent him a divorce contract. “Mr. Horton, the property division part of the agreement is my bottom line. Can you check if it’s acceptable? 
Property division… 
Did this woman scheme to marry him just for his money? 
Just as Lewis opened the contract, the door was pushed open, and Tom walked in. 
“Boss, I have some results on the investigation into your marriage!
###Chapter 21 - 21: The Truth Concerns Her
Chapter 21: The Truth Concerns Her 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
As Tom finished speaking, Lewis had already opened the divorce agreement sent by Keira on his computer. 
He swiftly skimmed through the agreement, his gaze falling on the clause regarding property division. 
After seeing its content, he was slightly surprised. 
Seeing this, Tom craned his neck to look at his computer screen and snickered. “That woman is so ridiculous. She won’t let you take any of her properties… What could you possibly take from her? Her personal loan?” 
Lewis lowered his gaze and asked, “What else did you find?” 
“Boss, we found that Keira discovered the two of you were married only a few days ago when she and her boyfriend went to register for marriage. It seems that she really sent this divorce agreement to divorce as soon as possible. She doesn’t seem to know beforehand.” 
Tom continued, changing his tone, “But I feel it all seems too deliberate, so we looked into her background and found that there’s a lot we couldn’t find out about her since she left the Olsen family! Boss, doesn’t that strike you as odd? Why would an ordinary person hide her past?” 
Lewis narrowed his eyes, deep in thought. “So, do you think she is involved in this?” 
“Yes! As for what her intention is, it remains unknown.” 
Lewis asked, “What else?” 
Tom scratched his head. “It’s been two years. We were always on the move back then, so I don’t have any leads yet. Perhaps we can only wait until the day old Mrs. Horton remembers something.” 
Lewis glanced at him languidly. 
Tom hastily lowered his head. “Sorry, Boss. We’ll continue the investigation.” 
Lewis printed two copies of that divorce agreement, stood up, and walked out. “Have you gotten in touch with Nora yet?” 
It was said that Nora, the researcher, was about to develop a clinical drug for Alzheimer’s disease. 
Lewis hoped that he could use the medicine on his grandmother as soon as possible. 
Tom lowered his head even more. “Nora is very elusive, and because of her research, she has been targeted by major biotech companies, so she’s even more careful…1‘ 
Sensing how displeased Lewis was, Tom’s voice grew lower and lower. “Boss, don’t worry. I’ll definitely get in touch with her!” 
Keira had just finished dinner with the old lady when she received a message from Lewis on WhatsApp. “I’m downstairs. Come here.” 
She made the excuse of taking out the garbage to go downstairs. Seeing the familiar black Bentley limousine, she got in right away. 
Lewis handed her the divorce agreement. “I have no ions. Sign it.” 
He stared at her with his dark eyes, expecting her to make an excuse to refuse. 
Instead, she didn’t hesitate to sign the two copies and even asked him, “Can we get divorced tomorrow?” 
Lewis kept his gaze on her. “Are you in such a hurry?” 
Keira said, “Very.” 
Her company is in a hurry to go public! 
Lewis looked at her for a moment in silence. “Fine.” 
Keira added a reminder. “Let’s do it tomorrow morning. Bring your ID, Household Registration, and marriage certificate. We’ll meet at the Civil Affairs Bureau.” 
Lewis nodded, but his expression suddenly changed. 
Old Mrs. Horton had somehow made her way downstairs and was now watching them with a pale face. 
She clutched her chest, her voice trembling. “Are you getting a divorce?” 
Then, her eyelids fluttered closed, and she collapsed on the ground. 
“Grandma!” 
Outside the VIP ward of the First Hospital. 
“The patient is temporarily out of danger,” the chief doctor explained gravely. “Old Mrs. Horton must not be agitated anymore. You must not upset her!” 
Upon hearing these words, Keira remembered the emergency measures the old lady had gone through, and she still felt shaken. 
She looked at Lewis who was standing next to her. 
The man was expressionless, appearing extremely calm. 
But when the doctor said “out of danger”, he relaxed the collar of his shirt, slowly sat down on the bench in the corridor, and clasped his hands on his knees, unable to stop them from trembling lightly. 
Just then, they heard a nurse’s voice in the word. “Mrs. Horton, you’re awake!” 
Lewis immediately rushed into the ward. 
When Keira entered the room, the old lady had already opened her eyes. 
She looked at Keira and said hoarsely, “Granddaughter-in-law, I dreamt that you and that brat were getting divorced, surely it’s not true?” 
Keira didn’t say a word, but Lewis said, “It’s not true.” 
“So, you’re not getting a divorce?” 
“We’re not getting a divorce.” 
“Give me the Household Registration Book and the marriage certificate.” 
“Alright.” 
Lewis would do whatever she said. 
The old lady turned to Keira. “Granddaughter-in-law, what the brat said was true, right?” 
Thinking of the doctor’s advice, Keira paused before answering, “Yes.” 
Only then was the old lady satisfied. 
Even though she was just too emotional, she still had to stay in the hospital for observation tonight. 
Keira and Lewis stayed in the ward to look after her. 
Night fell. 
Keira sat lazily on the sofa, browsing on her phone. 
She was working on a document about clinical Alzheimer’s disease drug research. There was a technical problem at the final stage that she couldn’t solve. 
She needed to consult some biomedical papers. 
While she was pondering, she suddenly received a message on WhatsApp. 
Puppy wrote, “Miss Olsen, let’s postpone the divorce until grandma’s condition stabilizes.” 
She could say no to that request. 
The divorce agreement had been signed, and their properties would not interfere with each other. She was still considered married, but it wouldn’t affect the company’s public offering. The timing of the divorce didn’t really matter. 
Keira said, “Okay.” 
Lewis squinted at the reply on his phone screen. “Do you have any other requests?” 
Keira wrote, “After Grandma gets better, we should get divorced as soon as possible.” 
Lewis frowned, suddenly finding this woman to be inscrutable. 
From the hospital bed, the old lady looked at Keira, then Lewis. 
The two had barely spoken to each other. 
That wouldn’t do. 
The old lady suddenly said, “Brat, I am going to arrange a job for my granddaughter-in-law at Horton Group!” 
The two could go to work together every day, and they would get closer with frequent interaction, wouldn’t they? 
Lewis hesitated slightly before saying, “Alright.” 
He was particularly conciliatory tonight. 
The old lady, however, began to worry again. “So, what kind of job should we give her?” 
An idea suddenly occurred to her. “Granddaughter-in-law, leave it to me! 
You’ll go to work with that brat tomorrow!” 
Keira blinked and replied, “Okay.” 
She suddenly realized that Horton Group had a large database, and they might have the paper she needed! 
Lewis still had a meeting to attend, so he left with Tom. 
As soon as they reached the corridor, Tom said, “No wonder that woman was so willing to sign the divorce papers. She had brought the Old Mrs. Horton downstairs. The divorce was never going to happen!” 
He glanced at Lewis. “Boss, she even coaxed your grandmother into letting her work at Horton Group. There must be some conspiracy! Why did you agree to it?” 
“If I don’t keep her in sight, how will her plan be exposed?” 
A glint flashed deep within Lewis’s eyes. 
For his grandmother, he couldn’t divorce Keira now. 
As for whether that woman was innocent, he would have to see what her intention was in joining the company! 
In the ward. 
As Keira lay on the couch, she suddenly heard the old lady’s soft voice. 
“Granddaughter-in-law, let me share a secret with you…” 
Keira immediately asked, “What secret?” 
Had the old lady remembered something else?
###Chapter 22 - 22: Secret!
Chapter 22: Secret! 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira was hoping that the old lady would recall some crucial clues. 
For instance, how did the old lady come to know her? 
Also, how did she end up marrying Lewis Horton? 
“Grandma, what secret do you want to tell me?” 
Keira asked in anticipation. 
The old lady spoke mysteriously, “I’ll tell you that brat’s secret weakness. If he ever upsets you, you can use it against him! 
Keira was speechless. She didn’t actually want to know. 
However, the old lady seemed very interested in sharing. “Don’t be deceived by his arrogant and untouchable demeanor. He’s actually scared of cats. 
Keira was taken aback. 
She suddenly remembered that a boy she knew when she was little was also scared of cats… 
But he was a child. Lewis was over six feet tall. Was he actually scared of cats? 
The old lady then asked, “Granddaughter-in-law, do you prefer cats or dogs?” 
“Dogs.” 
She used to like cats, but since that boy didn’t like them, she lost her liking for them too. 
Keira soon understood why the old lady would ask this question. 
The next day, on the top floor of the Horton Group. 
“Woof! Woof!” A cute little Shiba Inu was wagging its tail, running around 
Keira. 
Tom was speechless, “The job old Mrs. Horton arranged for Miss Olsen is to take care of this puppy.” 
Lewis didn’t know what to say. 
It is said that old people tend to act like children and do things by their preferences. 
Babysitting dogs as a job was simply ridiculous! 
Lewis told Tom, “Take her… both of them to the New Energy Research and Development Division, Team One, for onboarding.” 
This is what he had planned in advance. 
The New Energy R&D Division didn’t involve the core business of the group, but it was related to future development. Putting her there would allow him to see if she slipped up. 
Tom nodded immediately. 
Keira didn’t care about these arrangements. She picked up the puppy and followed behind Tom, asking, “Does it have a name?” 
Tom said, “No. Old Mrs. Horton wants you to name it.” 
Keira glanced at the sulky Lewis and suddenly smiled. “Let’s call it Kitten then. 
“You’re going to name a dog Kitten?” 
“Is there a problem?” 
“…No.” 
The New Energy R&D Division is on the 38th floor of the Horton Group. 
In the elevator. 
Tom said, “Miss Olsen, among Horton Group’s R&D staff, the majority are Ph.D. students; at the very least, they are master’s degree holders from prestigious schools. You are the first one with a bachelor’s degree! Being able to learn from the seniors here can greatly benefit your future. This has been specially arranged for you by Mr. Horton. Of course, you don’t need to feel grateful. This is just a reward because you made old Mrs. Horton happy. 
Keira found it rather unnecessary. 
“By the way, the boss doesn’t want your relationship to be made public, to avoid making a scene during the future divorce.” 
Keira glanced at him, saying lazily, “That’s exactly my concern too.” 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
Was this woman actually looking down on his boss? 
He wanted to say something, but the elevator reached their floor. 
The New Energy R&D Department was divided into two groups, situated on the left and right sides of the elevator with a public rest area in between. 
Keira just got off the elevator when she heard a group of men talking. 
“I heard a young and beautiful intern will join our team today!” 
“Wow! Finally, a change of scenery! Great!” 
Someone from Group Two laughed, “Our group can soon invite Dr. South to join us as technical support. What’s so special about an undergraduate intern? Is she going to be a decoration piece?” 
The people in Group One immediately shot him a glaring look. As they were about to respond, a voice of reprimand rang out. “What are you gossiping about? Don’t you have work to do?” 
The man speaking was the head of Group One, Jalen Riley, who was about 26 years old. He was tall with handsome features. He looked impatient and gave off a rebellious aura. 
The crowd immediately scattered. 
He frowned at Keira and said unhappily, “Mr. Davis, why do you bring an inexperienced undergraduate into my team? 
Tom responded with a smile. “The boss ordered it.” 
Jalen was still upset and looked at Keira arrogantly, “I don’t care what your background is. You’ll abide by my rules when you are here! Do not bring dogs to work next time!” 
Keira simply replied, “Alright.” 
Only then did Jalen point to a vacant office as her workstation. 
After she went in, he looked at Tom and said, “Mr. Davis, this is the last time. However, if my cousin has the ability to recruit Dr. South over, he can send me a hundred or even a thousand of such individuals, and I will not say a word!” As a relative of the Horton family, he got his job at the Horton Group through his own abilities! 
That’s why he hated these nepotisms! 
Keira’s first day at work was quite interesting. 
With no one assigning her any tasks, she was quite comfortable. 
She played with Kitten in her office for a while, and the puppy curled up in a corner in the sunlight and fell asleep. 
She then slowly got up, closed the office door, and prepared to go to the R&D Department’s data library. 
Only by creating an effective drug for Alzheimer’s would the old lady’s health improve, and the old lady might recall something. Then Keira would be able to understand her inexplicable marriage to Lewis Horton! 
Keira found a colleague who looked more scholarly and introverted and asked, “1 need to do some research. Can you tell me where the data library is?” The young man blushed. He was just about to give her directions when someone asked suspiciously, “What do you need in the data library?” 
Keira turned back and found it was Jalen. 
She said, “I wanted to learn something.” 
Jalen sneered right away, “You? What qualifies you, an undergraduate, to enter the data library? The technical knowledge there is all on the level of international problems. First, make sure you understand our team’s basic theory!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She took out her phone, intending to contact Lewis. Since she had her privileges, of course, she would use them! 
But before she could send her message, Jalen said, “Your connections are useless. I’m not just some small-time employee that they can manipulate casually. If you join my team, be a good employee and do your job properly. Don’t attempt to show off! It’s obnoxious!” 
The introverted colleague suddenly said, “Jalen, she graduated from Oceanion University and her academic scores were all quite good…” 
Jalen said immediately, “What good is the little knowledge from textbooks will do? All undergraduates start working as newbies!” 
He randomly picked up a stack of material from that young man’s desk and threw it to Keira. “This is the new energy project our team is currently working on. Can you understand it? New hires should act like new hires! 
Keira glanced at the project’s documentation and began flipping through it quickly… 
Jalen couldn’t help but say, “You’re turning the pages so fast. Do you think you’re Dr. South? If you can’t understand it, don’t waste everyone’s time! Get back to your office!” 
It was rumored that Dr. South had an extraordinary retentive memory and could read very fast. 
Upon hearing this, Keira looked up and said coldly, “Who says I can’t understand it?”
###Chapter 23 - 23: Dr. South
Chapter 23: Dr. South 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
jalen was taken aback, “Can you understand it? 
just as Keira was about to reply, the introverted male colleague jumped in. 
“Jalen, I think she’s telling the truth.” 
Jalen glared at him, “Do you two know each other?” 
The colleague gave a shy smile, “I was a graduate student under Professor Miller at Oceanion University. I was still a student last year when she joined us to work on a research project led by Professor Miller….” 
Keira studied his face, trying to recall. “Luca Barker?” 
Luca blushed and nodded, explaining to Jalen, “She’s the only undergraduate student that Professor Miller recruited for the project. She’s a fast reader, and she has experience with these fundamental frameworks. 
But Jalen still looked at her disapprovingly. “It’s just the basics. There’s no need to be so proud just because you understand it! If you’re so capable, solve the core technology issues then!” 
Luca immediately chimed in, “Boss, you are asking too much of her.” jalen sneered, “If you don’t have what it takes, just do as you’re told. Go to the resource library and look up the most basic things. You should be ashamed of yourself!” 
With that, he left. 
Luca sighed, and explained to Keira, “We’ve been stuck on the core technology issues for a while. Jalen hasn’t been sleeping well for a few days, so he’s a bit grumpy. But he’s not a bad person. Don’t take his words to heart.” 
Keira wasn’t bothered. 
She didn’t come to the Horton Group to make enemies. She asked for the location of the resource library and headed straight there. 
The Horton Group’s resource library was located on the 60th floor. It was essentially a large private library, only accessible to employees of the group. 
The books here covered knowledge from various industries, including scientific research materials that weren’t accessible outside. 
Keira was slightly excited. Her intuition told her that she would find what she was looking for here. 
Top floor. 
Lewis was dealing with several backlog files when his phone rang. It was a WhatsApp message from Old Mrs. Horton, whose ID was “Blooming 
Prosperity”. 
“Brat, you need to have lunch with your wife today. Remember to send me a photo of you two dining together.” 
Lewis frowned. 
Just as he was about to make an excuse about having a meeting, he saw Grandma’s WhatsApp nickname changed from “Blooming Prosperity to 
“Fragile Grandma Do Not Agitate”. 
Lewis was speechless. 
After staring at the nickname for a while, he ultimately sighed in resignation and pressed the call bell on his desk. 
Tom quickly stepped in. “Boss, what can I do for you? 
“Prepare two lunch sets and bring them here. 
“Sure.” 
Lewis then sent a message to “Need Iron”, telling her to join him for lunch on the penthouse floor. 
However, by the time the lunch was set up on the nearby table, Keira still hadn’t responded to his message. 
Lewis stood up. “Where is she?” 
Tom said, “Miss Olsen? She’s in the resource library.” 
Lewis made his way to the 60th floor and began to search for her amidst the rows of bookshelves. 
He soon saw her and Jake, who was staring at her. 
Keira was engrossed in looking through books and didn’t feel her phone vibrating. 
The library had the most advanced technological resources, and she was captivated by it. 
She was so engrossed in the books that she accidentally backed into someone. 
“Sorry.” 
When Keira turned around, she saw a familiar face. 
Jake was glaring at her with mixed emotions. “Keira, you’ve been going out of your way to please Great-Grandma. Is it to get close to my uncle?” 
Keira’s face darkened instantly. “It’s none of your business.” 
But Jake continued. “My uncle has steered clear of women all these years. Don’t think that by relying on your looks, you can get to him. He’s not that superficial! Right now, he’s just getting you out of his way by giving you a redundant job!” 
Keira scoffed. “So, you’re saying that you courted me for so long because you were superficial?” 
Jake was taken aback! 
Keira looked at the man in front of her. 
He was her only friend in college. 
She had seriously considered becoming his girlfriend and even wondered if she should accept his advances when he hinted that he had a surprise for her at the graduation ceremony. 
She didn’t expect things to turn out like this. 
She sighed, “Jake, can’t we part on good terms?” 
“No!” 
Jake was suddenly agitated. “I know you hate me for proposing to Isla, but I had no choice. There are many aspects to consider in an alliance between wealthy families! I have fought for you before. My mother even agreed to let me be with an ordinary person, but your status…No matter what happens, I can’t marry an illegitimate daughter! Otherwise, how can I face the Horton family in the future? I’ll become the laughingstock of Oceanion!” 
Keira looked at him. 
As a child, she felt she couldn’t hold her head up high because of her status. 
But since she left the Olsen’s, she understood that self-respect mattered more. 
She looked away. “Thank you for not marrying me. 
As she tried to leave, Jake blocked her path. “I heard that you were given a hard time by Jalen in Group One. I can arrange for you to join Group Two. I’m in charge there, and I can get capable people to guide you. I know you’re a competitive person, and you’re so clever that you’ll learn quickly. Soon, you’ll be able to stand on your own and won’t have to take on odd jobs again…” 
Keira interrupted his babbling. “What’s your term? 
“Divorce your husband and be my woman.” 
Jake couldn’t stand the idea of sharing her with another man! Every time he thought about it, he felt like he was going insane! 
Keira coldly retorted, “You’re not worthy!” 
-Why? Do you love your hooligan husband that much? Do you believe me if I told you that I could let him abandon you with just some money or a threat? How can he be better than me?” 
Burning with rage, Jake grabbed Keira’s wrist and slammed her against the bookshelf. 
His eyes turned red. “Or is it that you women are just like that? You slept with him, and you can’t leave him now. Is that it? If that’s the case, then let’s see who’s better, me or him!” 
With that, he suddenly leaned forward and kissed her forcefully. 
At the far end of the bookshelf, Lewis stood there. He had heard everything. 
As he saw Jake’s inappropriate advances, his face turned livid, and he was about to step forward. 
However, the petite woman suddenly kneed Jake hard between his legs! As he stepped back from the pain, she slapped him without hesitation! 
“Smack!” 
After slapping him, Keira was still angry, and she looked at him coldly. 
“I didn’t want to hurt your pride, but since you insist on delving into it, let me tell you something. My husband is taller than you, more handsome than you, and has much better stamina than you, unlike you, who can’t even withstand me pushing you away. You should exercise more when you have the time!” After saying this, she turned to leave, only to see Lewis in the corner ahead. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Lewis remained silent. 
At that moment, Jake, doubled over in pain, shouted out angrily, “What use is his stamina? I can toy with you as I please in the company, but your husband can’t do anything!” 
At his words, a male voice came in.. “Who said he can’t do anything?
###Chapter 24 - 24: Good Stamina
Chapter 24: Good Stamina 
Translator: Henyee Translations ‘ Editor: Henyee Translations 
Everyone turned their heads in unison, looking at the person who was speaking. 
It was Jalen. 
He had dark circles under his eyes, and his face was full of irritation. 
Jake looked shocked. “You’re her husband?” 
“Of course not,” Jalen sneered. “If her husband were a real man and knew you were bullying her here, he’d definitely come to fight you! How could he possibly stand by and do nothing?” 
Jake was speechless. 
He forced himself to stand up despite the pain, glaring at Jalen. “I want to transfer her to my group.” 
“No way,” Jalen firmly said. “People in my team aren’t under your control.” 
His arrogance was still the same, but in Keira’s eyes, it was now more acceptable. 
Jake asked in confusion, “She’s here because of nepotism. Don’t you hate such things the most?” 
Jalen smirked. “What right do you have to mock her? She’s just a small employee, and you, a college graduate, are the leader of the second team! Who are you to talk about nepotism?” 
Jake was so frustrated by him that he ground his teeth. “It’s not the same. I’m the legitimate grandson of the first branch of the Horton Family!” 
“Right. The most frequent nepotism users in the Horton Group.” 
Jake took a deep breath, then suddenly said, “In a few days, Dr. South will come to my research team. Jalen, isn’t he your idol? As long as you don’t interfere with this matter, I can introduce you to him.” 
Jalen fell silent. 
Among this group of people researching new energy, everyone’s idol was Dr. South. 
Jalen had long read Dr. South’s published papers over and over again, and the more he read, the more he realized how amazing Dr. South was. 
He had been looking for various channels, trying to find a way to meet Dr. South. 
Jake was actually threatening him with that… 
Jalen hesitated for a second out of respect for Dr. South, then said, “No!” 
He looked at Keira. “Stop embarrassing yourself here. Come with me!” 
Keira looked in the direction where Lewis had just been, only to find that he had left at some point. 
She silently breathed a sigh of relief. 
Luckily he had left, otherwise her comment about “good stamina” would be too awkward. 
She followed along Jalen out of the data center. 
Jalen frowned with displeasure. “It’s all because of you. I missed the chance to meet Dr. South!” 
But Keira smiled. “There will be other opportunities.” 
Jalen scolded her again. “You’re a college student, can’t you just stay in the office obediently? Why did you go there and make a fool of yourself?” 
Keira didn’t argue anymore. 
What Luca said was right. He might have a foul mouth, but he’s actually a good person. 
Jake still stood there with a gloomy look in his eyes. 
He clenched his fists. 
One day, he would make Keira sob and beg him to take her!! 
He took a deep breath, waited until the pain in his body subsided a bit, then called Isla. “You have a lunch appointment with Dr. South tomorrow afternoon, right? Take me with you!” 
Keira and Jalen returned to the first team of the R&D department, only then did she see the message on WhatsApp. 
She used the excuse of going to lunch and went to the top floor into Lewis’s office. 
Lewis was dressed in a white shirt and black suit, looking very gentlemanly. Without raising his head, he pointed to the dining table next to him. “That’s your lunch.” 
Keira was still a little uneasy. 
With his current demeanor, he shouldn’t have heard what she said earlier, right? 
Just as she was thinking, she heard the sound of a camera shutter from a phone. 
After Lewis casually finished taking a photo and sent it to” Fragile Grandma Do Not Agitate” on WhatsApp, he came over. 
Knowing the purpose of his photo, Keira didn’t ask any more questions. She just looked at the dining table to look for something to say. “Mr. Horton, what a hearty lunch.” 
“Yes.” 
Lewis took off his jacket, rolled up his sleeves, sat down elegantly opposite her, and said, “Only by keeping up with nutrition can we have good stamina.” 
Keira was speechless. 
Her cheeks felt a bit hot. She glanced at his muscular forearm that was exposed, then she packed some of the food. 
“Mr. Horton, I just remembered I haven’t fed Kitten yet, I’ll take my leave first.” 
She picked up the container. “Thank you for the lunch.” 
Lewis’s face stiffened for a moment. 
Keira was delighted. 
The first team of the R&D department. 
Jalen was eating his takeaway with a bitter face, thinking about what he had witnessed today. 
At first, he thought that the undergraduate student was overreaching, but now wondered if she was working hard because she had been mistreated by Jake. 
He thought about the demands Jake made and found them indeed quite humiliating. 
No wonder she was eager to learn more. 
Unfortunately, haste made waste. She hadn’t even built a solid foundation, so even if she saw those profound materials, she wouldn’t understand. 
He got up and walked to Luca, whispering, “Find something for the undergraduate to do in the afternoon. Give her some pointers.” 
Luca blinked. “Sure.” 
Jalen looked a bit awkward and said in a fierce tone, “That’ll stop her from running around and causing us trouble!” 
Luca didn’t know what to say. 
Thus, when Keira wanted to go to the data center again in the afternoon, she was stopped by Luca. “Jalen said we don’t keep idle people. You have to finish your work before you can go to the data center to study.” 
He arranged for her some basic work that was already completed. 
Without a clear research process, sorting out these things was very troublesome. 
But a newbie could learn a lot from it. 
Luca felt that it should take a month, or even more, to sort out these things. 
But to his surprise, Keira handed in her work half an hour later. 
Luca didn’t know what to say. 
He checked the work and found it was actually better than what they had done! Keira asked modestly, “Is there any other work to do? If not, I’ll go to the data center.” 
What else could Luca arrange at the moment? 
There were still a lot of things he didn’t understand. 
He gritted his teeth and handed her his own work. 
The module he was responsible for was something he had been working on for a week and hadn’t yet completed. Although it was a bit difficult… the undergrad seemed to grasp the basics very well. 
He decided to let her struggle a bit with the more profound things, and she would realize the reality and obediently follow their learning path, right? 
But an hour later, Keira handed in her work again! 
“Finished?” 
Luca was stunned. He looked at the email in his inbox and was shocked to find the technical point where he had been stuck was solved by her effortlessly!! 
Luca went to find Jalen. 
Jalen pondered, “The point you were stuck on was you over-complicating things. The undergrad was just lucky to have found another way to solve it. Let her handle some harder work.” 
Luca, “In that case, we’ll have to let her solve our prime technical problem!” 
This problem had been troubling Jalen for a month! 
Jalen said, “Give it to her!” 
Anyway, it was just to keep her here and not run around. Let her see what a real scientific research problem is! 
So, Luca ruthlessly handed over the key technical problem that had been troubling the entire first team to Keira ….
###Chapter 25 - 25: Mrs. Olsen Is Her Mother
Chapter 25: Mrs. Olsen Is Her Mother 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The technical core of the research and development department was a challenging task. 
It took Keira a full two hours to solve this problem. 
She sent an email to Luca and went out to find him. 
But Luca stood up, began to pack his things, and looked very happy. “Time to clock off!” 
Friday afternoon was the happiest time for each employee. 
Finally, it was time to welcome the weekend. 
After Luca finished speaking, he finally noticed Keira. “How’s your work coming along, junior?” 
Keira started to speak, “I…” 
“No rush!” Luca interrupted her excitedly. “Take the weekend off, whatever it is, leave it till Monday.” 
Keira didn’t say anything else. 
Although she didn’t work that much, she understood that discussing work when work was over on Friday could be very annoying. 
It was better not to disturb her seniors’ weekend. 
The task she finished, after all, was just a small problem in the research and development department. 
Luca took his backpack and walked out. When he passed by Keira, he paused and comforted her. “Don’t get upset. You’ve actually done great!” 
Keira didn’t know what he was talking about. 
She didn’t have to work, and she only helped out because Jalen helped her out today. 
Since the work was done, she would go to the documentation department when she came to work next week. 
While thinking about this, Keira went back to her office, picked up “Kitten”, and also left. 
On the rooftop. 
After Lewis finished his work for the day, he checked the time and prepared to go home. 
But Tom asked, “Boss, where are you going?” 
Lewis paused, only then realizing he hadn’t asked where his grandmother was. 
He dialed old Mrs. Horton’s number. “Are you at… someone’s house?” 
The answer old Mrs. Horton gave was unexpectedly, “I’m at the hospital.” 
Lewis frowned. “Didn’t the doctor say you could be discharged?” 
“But I suddenly felt a pain in my chest this afternoon, so I wanted to stay a few more days. Are you coming to stay with me tonight, brat?” 
“It’s okay if you don’t think you can make it. I’m just an old lady nobody loves. Let me stay in the hospital alone. There’s nobody around when I wake up in the middle of the night wanting a drink of water.” 
”… I am on my way there.” 
“That’s more like it. By the way, I told my granddaughter-in-law, and she’s also coming. You should come with her!” 
He hung up the phone and rubbed his temple.. 
Of course, he understood his grandmother’s cunning plan. Whether she returns to the Horton house or stays in the Olsen house, he and Keira always split up at night. But at the hospital, the two had to care for her at all times, and they would get to spend more time together. 
But she had a boyfriend… 
Lewis slightly pursed his lips. He wanted to keep his distance from her. 
Then he thought of his grandmother’s health, so he reluctantly texted her on WhatsApp. “I’ll pick you up from work. We’re going to the hospital.” 
She replied quickly this time. “Don’t bother. I am already on the way there by taxi.” 
She did know how to avoid suspicion. 
She hadn’t stuck around without knowing her limits because of grandmother’s favoritism… 
Lewis should feel happy, but for some reason, he was even more displeased. 
Keira didn’t think much of it. 
She just didn’t want to get involved with Lewis too much before finding out the truth about their marriage. 
The inexplicable marriage must have been due to some trouble caused by Lewis. After all, who would even notice her, a weak and helpless woman? 
She carried the dog and walked straight into the building, heading toward the VIP ward. 
Not far from there. 
Mrs. Olsen and Isla had just finished a re-examination. 
Isla was supporting her mother by the arm, and the two of them were looking in the direction where Keira was leaving. 
Mrs. Olsen hesitated and said, “Is that Keira? Why is she in the hospital? Is she sick?” 
Isla felt a twinge of annoyance. 
Old Mrs. Horton was hospitalized, and the news couldn’t be kept from the Horton family. 
But the old lady was stubborn and didn’t let anyone visit her. Isla also went to the room today, but she was turned away at the door, and she didn’t see anyone. 
So, Keira must be there to visit the old lady right now! 
Isla’s eyes darted around. “She must be visiting old Mrs. Horton… Keira is so kind.” 
As soon as these words came out, the nanny, Aunt South, who had come along, was unhappy. “She’s kind? I haven’t seen her visit Mrs. Olsen!” 
Aunt South was in her fifties, about ten years older than Jodie South, and she had been looking after Mrs. Olsen for many years. She was still single. 
Mrs. Olsen treated Aunt South like her sister, and therefore Aunt South was a respected figure in the Olsen family. Even Isla treated Aunt South with great respect. 
Mrs. Olsen looked a little desolate when she heard that. “Keira had a hard life in the Olsen’s…” 
Aunt South immediately said, “Mrs. Olsen, you’re still speaking up for her. 1 also look down upon Poppy Hill’s petty manners, but she was right. Miss Keira is an ungrateful wretch! You’ve always looked out for her and care about her, but she may have forgotten you!” 
Isla said, “I heard Mr. Horton gave her a job in the Horton Group… so she must be repaying old Mrs. Horton’s kindness, right?” 
Aunt South sneered, “But Mrs. Olsen brought her up! When Poppy abandoned her during her childhood, it was Mrs. Olsen who fed her and sent her to school, and Mrs. Olsen has done everything for her. Isn’t she going to repay that?”” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately stopped her. “Enough. Stop it.” 
But Isla continued. “Mother is kind. She helped others without asking for anything in return. However, some people know the meaning of kindness, such as Dr. South. My mother only sponsored him a little money for school, and he helped our family so much over the years. Three years ago, the company was almost bankrupt, and he gave us a technology patent, which saved us…” 
Aunt South also nodded.” Dr. South is way better than Keira. I don’t know what Dr. South looks like, but one’s appearance is decided by their personality. I’m sure he’s good-looking!” 
Isla immediately feigned curiosity, “I’m also keen on knowing what kind of person Dr. South is. Mother, take me with you tomorrow!” 
Mrs. Olsen chuckled and tapped Isla on her nose, “Okay, I’ll take you!” 
They were talking and going downstairs to the parking lot. 
Keira saw them from the VIP ward. She was currently sitting on the sofa next to the bed. 
Her gaze followed Mrs. Olsen. 
She could see that Mrs. Olsen’s face was pale, and she was as thin and straight as bamboo. Still, she exuded an indescribable charm. 
Isla was saying something to her, and Mrs. Olsen nodded in resignation. 
The mother and daughter were intimate. 
Once the car left, Keira turned back reluctantly. 
She found the little old lady standing behind her. “Who’s that? She looked so familiar.” 
With a gentle look on her face, Keira was about to speak. 
“You two look so much alike…” Old Mrs.. Horton’s eyes suddenly lit up, “I remember! She’s your mother!”
###Chapter 26 - 26: She Is Your Mother
Chapter 26: She Is Your Mother 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Look alike? 
Keira Olsen was slightly taken aback. 
Actually, aside from their similar oval faces, her features were different from 
Mrs. Olsen’s. 
Mrs. Olsen had a pair of phoenix eyes, while she had the amorous eyes. 
If they looked similar, it was probably because they both carried a similar kind of cold aura at first glance. 
…Which was normal. 
After all, when she had just left the Olsen family, she would often think about how Mrs. Olsen would handle the difficulties she faced. 
She emulated Mrs. Olsen’s way of behaving in society, and it was not surprising that she had unconsciously acquired some of her vibes. 
Keira Olsen looked at the old woman: “Grandma, she is not my mother. 
But the old woman was adamant: “She is! My granddaughter-in-law, how 
could you disown your mother?” 
Keira Olsen was at a loss whether to laugh or cry. 
The old woman was having one of her moments again. 
Fortunately, at that moment Lewis Horton showed up at the door of the ward with packed dinner, and the old woman stopped perseverating. 
The dinner Lewis Horton had prepared was quite lavish. 
In addition to some light meals, there were fruits enough for three people. 
But the old woman immediately frowned: “My granddaughter-in-law can’t eat mangoes, she’s allergic to them! 
Keira Olsen was slightly stunned. 
She looked at the old woman in bewilderment: “Grandma, how do you know 
that?” 
She did indeed used to be allergic to mangoes, but after improving her physical conditions two years ago, she outgrew the allergy. 
Therefore, she never told the old woman about this! 
The old woman chuckled: “You told me about it before, saying that as soon as you ate mangoes, your face was covered with small red bumps…” 
Keira Olsen became serious: “When was this before?” 
But the old woman was confused again: “It seems to be before the wedding… 
Yes, you told me before the wedding!” 
But Keira Olsen was certain that she didn’t even know the old woman at that time! 
And she didn’t have amnesia! 
She quickly asked: “Did anything else come to your mind? Like how Mr. Horton and I got our marriage certificate?” 
The old woman shook her head: “I can’t remember… 
It seemed that the old woman needed a specific environment to occasionally remember anything. 
While Keira Olsen was deep in thought, she suddenly sensed an analytical gaze 
on her. 
She turned her head and met Lewis Horton’s deep gaze. 
The man was expressionless, clearly having understood what the old woman had said, giving him the impression that she was manipulative again! 
She really felt that she was being unjustly accused. 
Keira Olsen suddenly picked up the dog and said, “Grandma, you two start eating first, I will take the dog for a walk.” 
After saying this, she went out of the room. 
She didn’t go far, she just stopped at the end of the corridor, holding the dog and leaning against the wall, her lush amorous eyes watching the old woman’s ward. 
As expected, a tall figure followed her out not long after. 
When Lewis Horton saw her, he slowly walked over, his deep voice sounded: 
“Miss Olsen, do you have something to say?” 
Keira Olsen pursed her lips, “I thought you might want an explanation.” 
“Does Miss Olsen have anything she wants to explain? 
Keira Olsen said earnestly: “I really don’t know what the grandma meant when she mentioned the things before the wedding.” 
Even she found it inconceivable to say these things. After all, mango allergy belonged to her personal privacy, something that the old woman couldn’t have fabricated. 
She thought the man would question her, but to her surprise, he calmly responded with a single word: “Oh. 
Keira Olsen was baffled by his attitude: “Mr. Horton, do you believe me?” 
“I don’t know.” 
Keira Olsen: ? 
Lewis Horton suddenly stepped closer. Because of his natural height difference, Keira Olsen had a feeling that she was being condescendingly looked down upon by him. 
He slowly said, “Miss Olsen, regardless of your motives, if you can keep Grandma happy, I promise I can protect you. 
Keira Olsen suddenly understood his thoughts. 
This man didn’t care about the truth at all. He didn’t care whether she was lying. 
He was very powerful, having the power to dominate in Oceanion, and not afraid of any plots… 
He only cared about the old woman. 
Even if she was scheming something, as long as she could make the old woman happy, this man might be willing to turn a blind eye… 
“Of course.” 
All of a sudden, the man’s aura shifted: “If you hurt grandma, I will make it impossible for you to stay in Oceanion.” 
Keira Olsen responded more to coaxing than pressure, she sneered: “Mr. Horton, aren’t you doing that already?” 
Lewis Horton frowned, he was about to say something when a hearty voice came over: 
“Keira Olsen?” 
Keira Olsen turned her head to see Professor Miller. 
He must have gotten a cold, his voice was a bit hoarse. After he walked over, he directly said, “I was about to call you and ask if you got a job? Was the misunderstanding between you and Mr. Horton resolved? Mr. Horton is really not manly enough, is he? Picking on a girl like you, not only canceling your postgraduate recommendation, but also threatening to make you disappear from Oceanion?” 
Lewis Horton:  
Keira Olsen glanced at Lewis Horton with a sardonic smile: “Professor, don’t worry, the misunderstanding has been resolved. Mr. Horton is quite nice, he got me a job and even promised to protect me- 
The mockingly sarcastic tone made Lewis Horton’s expression darken. 
Professor Miller sighed with relief, and it was only then that he noticed Lewis Horton. Seeing the two of them so close, he thought of the conversation between Isla Olsen and Poppy Hill last time, and instinctively asked: “Is this your…gangster husband?” 
Lewis Horton:His face darkened further. 
The smile on the corners of Keira Olsen’s lips brightened a bit: “Well, sort of.” 
Professor Miller then looked at Lewis Horton very seriously: “Young man, you’re strong and handsome, you should work hard to find a decent job! 
Olsen Mansion. 
The entire family was having lunch in the dining room. 
Mrs. Olsen didn’t look well, and she seemed to have no appetite. 
Taylor Olsen immediately expressed his concern: “Shirley, what’s wrong? Are you not feeling well?” 
Mrs. Olsen waved him off. 
Isla Olsen then said: “Dad, we ran into Keira in the hospital today, Mom must 
be worried about her.” 
Taylor Olsen frowned: “Why worry about her? 
Isla Olsen sighed: “She definitely hates me now, blaming me for her expulsion from school and for forcing her to go abroad… I’m worried that she’ll say something in front of old Mrs. Horton, and Mr. Horton will vent his anger on me…” 
Taylor Olsen sneered: “That’s because she offended Mr. Horton, what does it have to do with you? Even if she saved old Mrs. Horton’s life, it’s their business. As a matter of fact, it was Mr. Horton who ordered us to discipline our daughter well!” 
Isla Olsen looked stiff. 
She clearly remembered the incident in which she intentionally mentioned that Mr. Horton had left a message… That should be over by now, right? 
She was always acutely aware that her father, Taylor Olsen’s kindness towards her, was solely because she was Mrs. Olsen’s daughter! 
If he knew that she had displeased Mr. Horton… the consequences would be unimaginable! 
But just then, Taylor Olsen’s phone rang. 
He picked it up: “Mr. Davis?! Why did you call me? Does Mr. Horton have any instructions?” 
Upon hearing this, Isla Olsen felt her heart sink!! 
It shouldn’t be what she thought, right? She was panicked!
###Chapter 27 - 27: Meeting Dr. South
Chapter 27: Meeting Dr. South 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Tom’s voice came through the phone. “Mr. Horton asked me to ask Miss Isla Olsen, when did my boss say he wanted to make Miss Keira Olsen disappear from Oceanion? How come even my boss doesn’t know that?” 
Taylor’s face stiffened, and he looked at Isla in disbelief. 
Isla’s face instantly turned pale. 
Taylor laughed awkwardly and apologized to Tom, who finally left a comment, saying, “The Olsen Family really needs to teach their daughter a lesson” before’ hanging up. Taylor then glared at Isla. 
Isla lowered her head and cried. “When I saw Keira clinging to Mr. Horton, I was afraid she’d affect my marriage with Jake, and I was even more afraid that the Horton family would look down on me… Dad, I didn’t mean to.” 
“That’s no excuse to act in Mr.Horton’s name!” Taylor said angrily. 
Isla clenched her fists, her eyes flickering. She sobbed, “Dad, after all, Keira is also your daughter. I was afraid you wouldn’t be able to scold her…” 
“Nonsense!!” 
As expected, Taylor changed the topic. “How many times have I told you? In my heart, I only have one daughter, and that’s you! How can Keira compare with you?!” 
Mrs. Olsen disagreed. “Taylor, don’t say that. Keira is your daughter no matter what!” 
Taylor immediately turned around. “Shirley, after all these years, don’t you understand? I did a terrible thing to you when I was tricked by Poppy Hill. I’ll never acknowledge her or her daughter! In my heart, only you and our daughter are my family.” 
Poppy, who was serving as a housemaid standing at the side, clenched her fists in resentment when she heard this! 
She looked at Taylor with a bitter expression. 
He was the man she deeply loved and the neighbor she grew up with as a childhood friend, yet this man only had eyes for Jodie South! 
Back then, after Poppy got pregnant, she went to him with the pregnancy test, saying she could be his mistress, but he mercilessly drove her away, saying he’ wouldn’t betray his wife… 
Poppy had no other choice but to go to Jodie, and only barely managed to stay in the Olsen family after making a scene. 
For so many years, Taylor had never shown her any affection, and he treated Keira as if she were nothing… 
Fortunately for Poppy, she had switched the two children! 
Poppy lowered her head, barely holding back the smirk in her eyes. 
Taylor would never know that the daughter he claimed to have with Jodie and the daughter he had loved dearly for so many years, Isla, was actually Poppy’s daughter! 
As for Keira, Poppy was convinced that the girl deserved to be ignored! 
Mrs. Olsen, however, stubbornly shook her head. “Taylor, Isla was wrong. She lied and caused us to misunderstand Keira. We should apologize to Keira.” 
Taylor frowned. “Apologize? How can our daughter apologize to Poppy’s daughter?” 
Poppy immediately said. “There’s no need. The Olsen family raised her. How much of a favor is that? Besides, she was already in the wrong for shamelessly chasing after Mr. Horton. It’s only right and proper for the Olsen family to discipline her. It’s a blessing for her…” 
Mrs. Olsen looked at them and sighed softly, but didn’t argue further. 
After dinner, as Isla escorted her back to her room, Mrs. Olsen looked at her. “If you have time tomorrow, I’ll take you to see Keira and apologize to her.” 
Isla’s face stiffened. She had avoided her father’s punishment, but not Mrs. Olsen’s… She weakly said, “Okay.” 
Seeing her like this, Mrs. Olsen sighed again. “Didn’t you want to introduce Jake to Dr. South? Let’s do it together tomorrow.” 
Isla’s eyes immediately lit up. She held onto Mrs. Olsen’s arm. “Alright, Mom, you’re the best!” 
Because she offended old Mrs. Horton, she lost 2% of the shares in Horton Group. 
She now urgently needs to show her worth to the Horton family, fearing that Jake might call off their engagement. 
Mrs. Olsen patted her head in resignation. 
After Isla left happily, Mrs. Olsen then looked at Aunt South. “Sister South, I’ve been unwell all these years and didn’t have the energy to discipline Isla. I ’ haven’t done my job…” She started coughing. 
But Aunt South said, “Ma’am, you’re overthinking it! I think Miss Isla is very nice. She’s considerate and a good daughter. Even if she occasionally lies, as long as she changes in the future, it doesn’t matter.” 
But Mrs. Olsen said, “Keira never lies.” 
She started coughing violently again. 
Aunt South immediately helped her to the bed. “You’re always thinking too much. That’s why after all these years, you haven’t recovered from this disease…” 
Mrs. Olsen smiled bitterly. 
The next day. 
Ever since Keira woke up in the morning, she’s been a bit on edge. It had been ten years since she last met Mrs. Olsen, and she didn’t know if Mrs. Olsen would be happy or angry when they met. 
At noon, she decided to go home, take a shower, and change her clothes. 
The old lady asked Lewis to take her home. 
The two of them left the hospital room, and as soon as they got downstairs, they saw Tom walking over. “Boss.” 
Lewis slightly nodded at him, then Tom handed a piece of paper to Keira. “Miss Olsen, you can take a look.” 
Keira took it in bewilderment and found that the paper listed a row of renowned universities in the country, with famous professors in the field of new energy! 
She looked at Tom, confused, “What’s this?” 
Tom slightly raised his chin. “These are all professors more renowned than Professor Miller. You can choose one to continue your postgraduate studies. It’s Mr. Horton’s compensation for canceling your research position eligibility, Miss Olsen. You can consider it a blessing in disguise.” 
Keira s lips twitched. “That won’t be necessary.” 
She had heard of most of these professors, and many of them had sent her emails, wanting to learn from her professional knowledge. 
“So you want to continue with Professor Miller’s graduate program?” 
“No.” 
If these people don’t suit your taste, do you want to join Dr. South’s graduate program?” 
Tom frowned. “That’s a bit difficult. Dr. South is highly sought after now. I heard several foreign universities are offering him positions. Miss Olsen, such a genius professor will only recruit genius students. I’m afraid you might not meet his standards. You may as well not get your expectations too high. Choose one from these professors. After graduating from the master’s program, you can apply for Dr. South’s PhD program, right?” 
II II 
Keira looked at him as if she was looking at a fool. She then said to Lewis, “Mr. Horton, you don’t need to drive me back. I’ll take a taxi.” 
After saying that, she left the hospital right away, hailed a cab, and left. 
Tom scratched his head. “I heard that Isla wanted to do a post-graduate program under Dr. South. Is Keira trying to be as good as her? Is that why she wants Dr. South? Isn’t that beyond her abilities?” 
But Lewis was staring in the direction Keira left. His handsome and firm face was expressionless, and his brooding eyes were like bottomless pits, hiding his thoughts. 
He suddenly said, “Then help her contact Dr. South.” 
“What?” Tom was stupefied. 
Why was his boss being so nice to her? 
Was he mesmerized by her good looks? 
Mrs. Olsen arrived with Isla and Jake at the private restaurant ten minutes early. 
After getting out of the car, Jake frowned at the surroundings. “Why here?” Isla was confused. “Jake, what’s wrong?” 
Jake pursed his lips. “Nothing.” 
Isla then looked at Mrs. Olsen. “Mom, has Dr. South arrived yet?” 
Mrs. Olsen said, “Dr. South is already in the private room..”
###Chapter 28 - 28: Dr. South Arrives
Chapter 28: Dr. South Arrives 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The three of them entered the restaurant. 
Jake looked around but didn’t see the familiar figure he was expecting. 
He stopped thinking about Keira and looked at Isla. “Would Dr. South be coming to work at the Horton Group?” 
Isla glanced at Mrs. Olsen, then lowered her voice to say, “Jake, you should go in and have a good chat with Dr. South first. I believe that as long as you show enough sincerity, Dr. South will surely be moved.” 
She turned to Mrs. Olsen and said apologetically: “Mom, I think my bra came undone. Can you come with me to the restroom to fix it?” 
Mrs. Olsen accompanied her to the restroom. 
Jake made his way to the private room’s entrance. 
His first job when he joined the Horton Group was in the research and development department. If Dr. South could join his team, it would greatly enhance his prestige within the company. 
He tidied up his clothes before pushing open the door. 
What greeted his eyes was the attractive back view of a woman who was pouring tea with her back to the door. 
.The renowned Dr. South turned out to be a young woman? 
Jake suppressed his astonishment and respectfully said, “Dr. South, nice to meet you. I’m Jake Horton from the Horton Group.” 
The woman slowly turned around. 
Upon seeing the pretty face, Jake was taken aback. “Keira?! What are you doing here?!” 
Keira received a WhatsApp message from Mrs. Olsen, saying that she would be here soon, so she poured tea into Mrs. Olsen’s cup. 
But she didn’t expect Jake to barge in. 
A flicker of interest appeared on her face, but her voice was lackadaisical. “I should be the one asking that question.” 
She had made the appointment with Mrs. Olsen… 
Jake put on a cold face. “Don’t worry. I’m not here to see you.” 
He looked around. “Where is Dr. South?” 
Keira was taken aback. “Who?” 
Jake said impatiently, “The guest in this room. Where is he?” 
Keira Olsen narrowed her eyes without replying. 
Footsteps approached, and Mrs. Olsen walked in with Isla. 
Upon seeing Keira, both slightly paused their steps. 
Isla’s face turned dark instantly. 
Tears welled up in Mrs. Olsen’s eyes. “You are… Keira?” 
After Keira left the Olsen family, Mrs. Olsen didn’t see her again. 
Ten years was enough time for Keira to blossom into a beautiful woman from a teenage girl. 
Keira was touched. 
After seeing her, Mrs. Olsen didn’t show any discomfort or sadness but only seemed overjoyed. 
Perhaps her escape over the past decade was unnecessary. 
Suppressing the tears in her eyes, Keira stepped forward and smiled. “Mrs. Olsen, have you been well lately?” 
“Yes…cough, cough…I’ve been well. How about you, Keira? I heard from your father that you are now married?” Mrs. Olsen sat down at the main seat, holding onto Keira’s hand tightly. 
Keira nodded without saying much. 
Mrs. Olsen seemed regretful. She wanted to ask why Keira didn’t bring her husband to the Olsen’s, but considering Taylor’s attitude yesterday and the way Poppy ignored and reproached Keira, she didn’t bring it up. 
Seeing this, Isla asked with flickering eyes, “Keira, what are you doing here?” 
Jake scoffed. “She has been working part-time here all along.” 
Isla looked surprised. “Working part-time? Are you working as a waitress here?” 
Mrs. Olsen gripped Keira’s hand tightly and asked with concern, “I heard you started working in the Horton Group. Why are you still working part-time… Is it because you are short of money?” 
Keira said quietly, “No, I…” 
“Mom, let’s catch up some other time. We have an important guest today.” 
Isla interrupted them, then looked at Keira again. “Keira, we were originally planning to invite you to join us for dinner, but as you are working now, it’s not a good time for you, is it? What if other customers need your service? We would interfere with your work…Later, we’ll give you a little extra tip as compensation for your efforts.” 
“Please keep quiet!” Mrs. Olsen scolded Isla, then quickly looked at Keira. 
They were both Taylor’s daughters, but one was high above while the other was just a waitress. Keira must be feeling very upset, right? 
Unexpectedly, Keira’s expression remained calm as if she didn’t recognize the disparity in their status. 
Mrs. Olsen was pleased. 
She said, “Keira, we made an appointment with Dr. South today. You are also in the new energy field, right? Join us. I’ll be beneficial for your future!” 
Isla clenched her fists. 
Dr. South was her trump card. Why would Mrs. Olsen introduce Dr. South to Keira? 
What if Dr. South was also seduced by Keira’s charm? 
Thinking about it, Isla scanned the room with her eyes and finally stopped at the teacup on the table. 
It was steaming hot… 
She picked up the cup, walked to Keira’s side, and said, “Keira, Mom asked me to apologize to you yesterday. I’ll toast to you with this tea.” 
After saying that, she let go of her fingers, and the scalding tea was about to pour on Keira… 
Keira had noticed something was wrong. 
Ever since they were little, Isla had always despised her and looked down on her. How could Isla possibly apologize to her voluntarily? 
Seeing Isla’s hand tilt, Keira snickered internally. She simply spun around as if she didn’t notice anything and brushed against the cup that was supposed to spill tea on her. The cup rebounded, and the tea splashed on Isla instead! 
“Ah!” 
The hot tea stained Isla’s blouse and scalded her skin. 
Isla let out a cry. She froze for a moment before bracing herself against the pain and said with a grievance, “Keira, I know you hate me, but how could you do this?” 
Keira lowered her eyes and pretended to be innocent. “I’m sorry. I didn’t see you.” 
Isla’s eyes were filled with tears as if she was about to cry. 
Upon seeing this, Jake said angrily, “Keira, is this how you behave as a waitress? You’re so clumsy that you hurt your customer! Call your manager over immediately! I want to file a complaint against you!” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately tried to calm him down. “Enough, we’re all family here…” 
Isla’s eyes flickered as she interjected. “That’s right. Perhaps Keira was just too excited about the prospect of meeting Dr. South…” 
“Once she met Dr. South, she could rise to a different level and out of my reach!” 
Jake had this thought in his mind, so he immediately said, “Auntie, Isla is my fiancee. I have to protect her. She can’t be mistreated like this.” 
He looked at Keira. “Considering how you’re behaving, what makes you think you’re even fit to meet Dr. South? Will you leave on your own, or should I escort you out?” 
Mrs. Olsen frowned and was about to say something when Isla quickly held onto her arm. “Mom, Jake is angry. Let Keira leave first to prevent further conflicts.” 
Mrs. Olsen had no choice but to nod. She looked at Keira apologetically. “Keira, come home more often when you have time. If we get the chance next time, I’ll introduce you to Dr. South.” 
Just as Keira was about to speak, Isla quickly changed the topic. “Mom, why hasn’t Dr. South arrived yet?” 
Mrs. Olsen sighed, “I’ll send another message.” 
“There’s no need to do that.” 
Keira smiled faintly. “Dr. South is already here..”
###Chapter 29 - 29: Mother and Daughter
Chapter 29: Mother and Daughter 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
At her words, everyone in the room turned to look at her. 
Isla hesitated, “Where is Dr. South?” 
Jake also looked at Keira eagerly. 
Agitated, Mrs. Olsen began to cough violently, “Where is…” 
Seeing this, Keira hastily handed her a cup of tea. 
Mrs. Olsen took the cup of tea with her shaky hands. 
The next moment, the teacup slipped from her hand. 
Mrs. Olsen fainted on the dining table. 
“Ma’am!” 
Keira cried out, instinctively reaching out to help Mr. Olsen but was pushed away by Isla. 
“Back off! What did you do to my mom?! Mom! Wake up…quick, call an ambulance…” 
The ambulance arrived promptly. 
Keira wanted to get in the ambulance and follow them to the hospital but was stopped by Jake. “An illegitimate daughter should stay away from Mrs. Olsen! If anything happens to her because of you, I won’t let it pass!!” 
He pushed her away. 
Keira didn’t argue. She hailed a taxi and followed closely behind them. 
Lewis finished dinner with the old lady and was working outside the suite. 
Having read the documents for a long time, he felt irritated and decided to gaze into the distance out of the window. 
Suddenly, he saw a familiar figure downstair. 
A group of people were hastily pushing a stretcher toward the inpatient department. 
Keira was following them from afar, looking like an abandoned little fox. 
Hmm. 
Lewis raised his eyebrows and suddenly stood up, heading outside. 
Once he reached the ground floor, he saw Isla and Jake arranging the hospitalization procedures. 
The doctor said, “Sorry, all the wards are currently full. You can stay in the corridor until a bed is available, and we’ll arrange it as soon as possible.” 
Jake asked, “Are there no VIP wards available? Price is not an issue.” 
The doctor answered, “No.” 
Isla cried pitifully, “Jake, what do we do now?” 
“Don’t panic. I’ll figure something out.” 
Jake pulled out his mobile phone and started making calls aside. 
Lewis noticed that while Isla looked anxious, she didn’t seem to be too worried about Mrs. Olsen. 
His gaze fell onto Keira. 
Unlike Isla Olsen, the girl looked calm but was staring at Mrs. Olsen on the stretcher. It seemed as if she was extremely cautious, not wanting to disturb the patient at all. 
Although she didn’t say a word, it was clear from her expression that she was worried. 
Lewis studied her. 
Suddenly, he said to Tom, who was following him, “Help Miss Olsen get a bed.” 
“…Yes.” 
Keira was waiting by Mrs. Olsen’s stretcher. Seeing that Jake had made some calls with a darkened face, she knew he couldn’t solve the problem. 
Mrs. Olsen wasn’t in a life-threatening situation. She had just fainted due to insomnia caused by persistent coughing; she simply needed a good rest. It was too noisy here! 
But Keira didn’t have connections in Oceanion hospitals. She wondered if she should ask that person for help. 
She hesitated and took out her phone, found a number named “Creditor”, and was about to make a call… 
The registration counter at the inpatient department received a call and immediately gestured toward them, “A VIP ward has just become vacant!” Isla said happily, “Jake, you are amazing!” 
Jake looked confused. 
He thought his friends were just placating him when they promised to figure something out. Did they actually manage to help? 
He didn’t give it a second thought and took credit for the accomplishment. 
The group went upstairs to the ward. 
Keira followed suit. Mrs. Olsen looked more gaunt than she did ten years ago, her face devoid of any color… 
She was pushed into the ward. 
Keira followed her but was stopped by Isla at the door, “Keira, my mother needs rest. Please don’t disturb her.” 
Bang! 
The door shut. 
Keira stood in place, stunned. 
Although she was worried about Mrs. Olsen’s health, she understood that she didn’t have the right or status to push this door open. 
Keira was planning to wait until Mrs. Olsen woke up, so she sat down on the bench outside. 
Not long after, she heard hasty footsteps. Taylor, with a worried look on his face, hurried into the ward as he panted for breath. 
After confirming that Mrs. Olsen wasn’t in critical condition, he took Isla outside to talk in the corridor. 
Taylor frowned and asked, “What happened? How did she faint all of a sudden?” 
Isla looked over at Keira, who was sitting on the side, and said, “Keira insisted on getting to know Dr. South. She argued with Jake, which upset Mom…” 
As soon as she said that, Taylor looked fiercely at Keira, “Ungrateful creature!!” Without saying another word, he swung his arm to slap Keira! 
Keira didn’t dodge. 
All she could think of was the image of Mrs. Olsen’s pale face after she fainted. 
She recalled what Isla once said, “My mom is unhappy because of you!” 
Maybe she really shouldn’t have appeared in front of Mrs. Olsen! 
“Smack!” 
The anticipated pain never came. When she opened her eyes, she saw a tall figure standing in front of her. 
Lewis, suited and booted, looked like a deity. 
He stood there as if he was holding up the sky for her. 
Keira blinked, suppressing the tears in her eyes and the bitterness in her heart. 
She heard Taylor’s flustered voice. “Mr. Horton? What are you…” 
Then she heard Lewis’s deep, pleasant voice, “Mr. Olsen, I wouldn’t have intervened, but my grandma likes her, and if she sees any injury on Miss Olsen, she’ll be upset.” 
Taylor immediately said, “I’m sorry about that..” 
They were about to say something when Mrs. Olsen coughed. 
She was awake! 
Taylor and Isla immediately went inside. 
Keira stood up, wanting to go in and check on Mrs. Olsen’s condition but didn’t dare to… 
She hesitated at the door for a long time. 
She could hear Mrs. Olsen’s weak voice, “…I’m fine. Don’t worry…I haven’t slept properly for a long time, so I fell asleep as soon as I fainted…it was quite comfortable…” 
Keira relaxed, resurrecting her lost vitality. 
Lewis averted his gaze. 
The girl had just looked as lost as a homeless little fox, and he felt sorry for her. 
He asked, “Are you not going in?” 
Keira answered, “Not for now.” 
Otherwise, it would lead to a verbal showdown, which would disturb Mrs. Olsen. 
Just as the two turned around, they saw the old lady, who was supported by the butler. “I heard my granddaughter-in-law’s mother is hospitalized. So, I came to check…” 
Keira held her arm, “Grandma, Mrs. Olsen isn’t my mother…” 
“Did I get it wrong?” 
The old lady suddenly took out her phone, found a photo, and gave it to Keira. “Granddaughter-in-law, this is a photo that you sent to me before, saying it was you and your mother. Isn’t the person in the ward the one in this photo?” Keira glanced at the photo and was immediately taken aback. 
In the photo was Mrs.. Olsen and her!!
###Chapter 30 - 30: Nora’s Medicine
Chapter 30: Nora’s Medicine 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira looked at the photograph with bewilderment. 
In the photo, she and Mrs. Olsen were at the seaside. 
Both wore white chiffon dresses. She was in the front with Mrs. Olsen in the back, and both were beaming. They indeed looked like a mother and daughter with a close relationship. 
But Keira didn’t have a white chiffon dress… 
She left the Olsen family when she was in junior high and hadn’t seen Mrs. 
Olsen since, how could there be a picture of them together? 
She took Old Mrs. Horton’s phone and zoomed in on the photo. 
Then she found some clues! 
The photo was photoshopped. The method was quite unprofessional, and it seemed like they found a picture of a mother and daughter online and then replaced their faces with hers and Mrs. Olsen’s. 
She looked at Old Mrs. Horton. “When did I send this to you?” 
Old Mrs. Horton shook her head. “I don’t remember. 
“How did I send it to you? Email? Or text message? 
Old Mrs. Horton kept shaking her head. “I can’t remember. 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Old Mrs. Horton occasionally said one or two surprising things, but then was unable to explain them, which frustrated Keira. 
But Old Mrs. Horton was very firm. “Granddaughter-in-law, she’s your mother. 
You can’t ignore your mother…” 
If Keira could, she really wished Mrs. Olsen was her mother… 
Keira lowered her eyes to hide the bitterness in them. “…I know.” 
She took Old Mrs. Horton back to the ward. 
Lewis did not enter the room and only stood in the corridor. 
Tom quickly came over. “Boss, we figured it out. Miss Olsen went to work at 
that private restaurant again and ran into the Olsen family… 
She went home to shower and change clothes, while Lewis and Tom thought 
she was going on a date with her boyfriend! 
Lewis smiled faintly and asked indifferently, “Is Horton Group not paying her 
much?” 
Otherwise, why would she go work elsewhere? 
Tom answered, “That’s not the case. Old Mrs. Horton made the arrangement! Maybe the work arranged by Jalen for her is too difficult, and she’s afraid she’ll be fired?” 
Keira’s situation in the company was all under Tom’s supervision. 
However, Lewis didn’t think it was that simple. “What were the Olsen family doing at the private restaurant?” 
Tom replied, “They had arranged to meet Dr. South. Mr. Jake also went because 
of this.” 
“Where is Dr. South?” 
“He didn’t show up in the end…” 
A faint light flickered in Lewis’s deep eyes, and an idea began to form. 
But he thought this idea was too absurd. 
After a two-hour rest, Mrs. Olsen felt much better. She started coughing as she 
spoke. “Isla, let Jake go home first.” 
Hearing this, Isla’s expression turned slightly awkward. 
Jake stayed here not because he was worried about Mrs. Olsen, but because he was here for Dr. South! 
She hesitated and said, “Mom, Dr. South…” 
Mrs. Olsen realized what she meant and immediately said, “Hand me the phone. I stood Dr. South up today. I need to give an explanation.” After she texted Dr. South and rearranged their meeting, Isla sent Jake out the door. 
Isla said, “Jake, don’t worry. There won’t be any problems with Dr. South.” Jake said, “Isla, right now Horton Group’s R&D department has a few hard nuts to crack, and they don’t respect me at all. Jalen is one of them. As long as we can invite Dr. South to join us, I’ll make a great contribution to the R&D department and can gain a firm foothold. So, Dr. South is very important to me, you must convince him.” 
“Ok.” 
The two were talking as they entered the elevator. 
After they left, Keira came out of the corner. 
She didn’t want to confront Isla in front of Mrs. Olsen, for fear that Mrs. Olsen would get overly emotional and worsen her condition. 
She arrived at the ward, pushed open the door, and entered. 
Taylor’s face darkened immediately when he saw her. “What are you doing here?! Get out!” 
Keira’s eyes turned cold, and then Mrs. Olsen’s clear yet gentle voice rang out. 
“Is it Keira? Let her come in.” 
Taylor glared at Keira and warned her, “Don’t upset Mrs. Olsen anymore! 
“As I said, it wasn’t Keira’s fault. I was just exhausted from not sleeping well for a few days…” 
Mrs. Olsen nagged a bit, then held Keira’s hand. “Poor child, you must have been frightened today, right?” 
Although Mrs. Olsen was thin and didn’t seem approachable, her hands were very warm. 
Keira smiled. “No.” 
“That’s good. You should come home more often in the future.” 
Mrs. Olsen lay on the bed and spoke in a kind voice. “And your husband, your mother said he’s a little punk, but I don’t believe that. Keira, you have good taste and good judgment. I’m sure the man you have chosen has his merits. Introduce him to me someday.” 
Keira felt like crying. “Of course.” 
From the day she got her marriage certificate, all she received was abuse and humiliation from others. Only from Mrs. Olsen could she hear such caring and concerned words. 
Mrs. Olsen wanted to say something else, but she started coughing violently again. 
Taylor said, “Okay, don’t talk anymore. You need to rest.” 
Keira stood up. She took a bottle of white pills from her pocket and put it in Mrs. Olsen’s hand. “This is a cough suppressant that I… asked someone to buy. If you can’t sleep at night, you can take one.” 
“Okay.” 
Keira didn’t want to disturb Mrs. Olsen’s rest, so she said goodbye and left. 
After she left, Mrs. Olsen looked at the bottle of medicine and sighed. “Keira still cares about me.” 
However, Taylor disdainfully said, “Will someone who cares about you not come home to see you for ten years? How could you be tricked by a bottle of medicine from who knows which small clinic?! 
He threw the bottle into the trash can. “I heard that Nora is developing a cough suppressant that’s effective in clinical trials. I’ll find connections to get it for you!” 
Mrs. Olsen’s eyes dimmed. “You actually believe such rumors. Chronic neurogenic cough is a rare disease, who would bother developing a drug for it? They’ll never make up for the cost…” 
Taylor held her hand. “We have to try. You’re coughing all night and can’t sleep. It’s too uncomfortable. It hurts me to see you like this…” 
Mrs. Olsen could only nod. 
It was well into the night. 
Mrs. Olsen suddenly started coughing violently again. 
Although she was extremely tired, she just couldn’t fall asleep. 
She lay on her side, suppressing the itch in her throat, not wanting to wake up Taylor in the next room. 
No one knew how desperate she was. 
Chronic neurogenic cough couldn’t be completely cured… 
The disease was getting worse and worse, and the anxiety from lack of sleep even made her have suicidal thoughts on many occasions. 
If she wasn’t so strong-willed, she might have killed herself a long time ago… But she didn’t know how much longer she could hold on… 
Lately, she had been feeling weaker every single day, Perhaps she wouldn’t live to see her daughter get married. 
Mrs. Olsen was thinking pessimistically when her eyes suddenly fell on the bottle of medicine in the trash can. 
Somehow, she picked up the bottle, opened it, took out a white pill, and put it in her mouth….
###Chapter 31 - 31: Her Contributions
Chapter 31: Her Contributions 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
After the white tablet entered her mouth, it immediately emitted a refreshing, 
cool sensation. 
Her itching throat seemed to be wrapped in fresh water, and it felt much 
better. 
Mrs. Olsen swallowed the tablet without drinking water. 
“Cough….” 
She started coughing again. 
She smiled bitterly. Just now, for a fleeting moment, she almost thought the tablet was working. 
What a wishful thinking. 
Mrs. Olsen lay in bed and closed her eyes. 
She has been dealing with chronic neurotic coughing for over two decades. She had taken numerous medicines and consulted so many experts over the years, but it hadn’t gotten any better… 
“Shirley? Shirley! Wake up!” 
Mrs. Olsen slowly opened her eyes and saw Taylor standing next to her bed, the entire room bright as day. 
Were the hospital’s incandescent lights so bright? 
Feeling a bit confused, she asked, “What time is it? 
■■Ten in the morning!” Taylor looked at her anxiously. “You should eat something or else your blood sugar will drop…” 
Mrs. Olsen was stunned. 
She turned her head in confusion. Only then did she notice that the light in the room wasn’t coming from the lamps but from the sunlight! 
She actually slept through the whole night! 
How could that be possible?! 
It must be that bottle of medicine! The one Keira gave her! 
Aunt South, who was next to her, was so excited that she had tears in her eyes. “Madam, the sleeping pills the doctor gave you yesterday really worked! You actually slept for a full ten hours!” 
Mrs. Olsen was astounded. “What sleeping pills?” 
Aunt South looked toward Isla, “Mr. Jake got them for you. He heard that you were having trouble sleeping, so he specifically found a strong sleeping pill and added it to the medicine you were taking. We didn’t tell you because we were afraid that if you kept thinking about it, you would have even more trouble sleeping. We didn’t expect it to work this well!” 
Mrs. Olsen hesitated. 
Was that so? 
But sleeping pills only aid sleep. When she woke up today, she clearly felt that her throat was much clearer! 
Her gaze fell on the pillow next to her, where the plastic bottle without a label 
was. 
She would try it again tonight… 
If she only took sleeping pills and not this medicine, she would then know which one actually worked. 
Thinking this, Mrs. Olsen fell silent. 
Meanwhile, Taylor looked toward Isla and spoke with relief. “My son-in-law is amazing. I heard that there was a major flu outbreak recently, and the inpatient department is full. They couldn’t find a vacant ward yesterday, and it was Jake who pulled a lot of strings to arrange this one. We are really grateful to him!” 
Only then did Mrs. Olsen find out that the ward was also arranged by Jake. “He’s such a good kid.” 
Seizing upon the moment, Isla said, “Mom, since Jake is so kind, you should help him too.” 
Mrs. Olsen asked, “How can I help?” 
Taylor thought of something and said, “Is there some difficulty Jake faces at work?” 
Isla nodded, sighing, “His family wants Jake to manage the R&D department, but the researchers there are all senior and not very obedient to Jake. If we could invite Dr. South there, even just as an external technical support, then Jake could stabilize his position.” 
Having said that, Isla looked toward Mrs. Olsen. 
As she expected, she saw a struggle and hesitation on Mrs. Olsen’s face. Mrs. Olsen has her own principles in dealing with people and matters. She didn’t like to exploit kindness to seek benefits, but she was even more afraid of owing favors. 
Mrs. Olsen hesitated a moment, then finally said, “I’ll ask Dr. South, but if he doesn’t agree, then let it be.” 
A smile spread across Isla’s face. “Great.” Based on her experience, whenever Mrs. Olsen asked for something, Dr. South never refused. 
Mrs. Olsen took out her phone, found Dr. South on WhatsApp, carefully chose her words, and sent a message. “South, do you have a minute? I have a favor to ask.” 
When Keira received this message, she had just brought old Mrs. Horton back up from a walk. 
She read the message with a frown. 
Why did Mrs. Olsen suddenly contact her? Was there an issue? 
Was there something wrong with yesterday’s drug? Or did it have an allergic reaction? 
That drug was actually still in the clinical trial stage, and she had originally planned to wait for the trial to end before giving it to Mrs. Olsen. However, seeing Mrs. Olsen’s severe condition, she took it out in advance. 
Anxious, Keira asked the nursing staff to bring old Mrs. Horton back to her ward and headed for Mrs. Olsen’s ward in a hurry. 
Lewis, who was working in the outer office area, saw his grandmother walk in. He instinctively looked behind her but didn’t see that slender figure. 
His eyes flickered. “Where’s Miss Olsen?” 
Old Mrs. Horton replied, “She’s gone to see her mother.” 
Lewis raised an eyebrow, “Did something happen to Mrs. Olsen?” Old Mrs. Horton immediately became anxious. “My granddaughter-in-law indeed rushed over just now. Oh, you brat, hurry up and check up on her!” 
Lewis pursed his lips. 
After a moment of contemplation, he rose to his feet. 
Tom follow him in a hurry. 
Keira ran into Mrs. Olsen’s ward, only to find the ward was filled with many people. 
Not only was Jake there, but even Poppy was present. 
Somebody must have said something because everyone was laughing. However, the merriment quickly died when she stepped into the room. 
Keira stood at the doorway, feeling rather unnecessary. 
Mrs. Olsen seemed alright. 
She lowered her head and was ready to leave. 
Mrs. Olsen wanted to stop her, but seeing all the people in the room, she knew it was best for Keira to leave for now. They could meet alone when there was time… 
Poppy, however, opened her mouth. “Hey, isn’t that Miss Olsen? Are we not good enough for you now that you’ve cozied up to old Mrs. Horton?” Keira didn’t respond and turned to leave, but Poppy grabbed her, “I heard you’re trying your best to please old Mrs. Horton, staying by her bedside all night and doing all sorts of unpleasant chores. Do you think she’ll consider you as close as their own kin? What kind of daydream are you having? You’re nothing but a plaything to them! 
Isla hastily said, “Don’t say that. Old Mrs. Horton really likes Keira…” 
Poppy interrupted her loudly, “Likes her? Look at what Mr. Jake does for you. That’s what people do for someone they like…” 
Poppy turned toward Jake Horton, flattering him. “I heard that yesterday they couldn’t free up any ward at all. There are many families with decent background who want to get into the hospital, but all of them have to wait in line. It was Mr. Jake who helped us out! That’s how Mrs. Olsen got into the VIP ward!” 
Jake Horton glanced at Keira and smiled humbly. “My uncles doesn’t know about this matter. He would have helped if he knew. I just did what little I could.” 
“Your little contribution has been of great help to our home! 
Poppy turned to Keira Olsen and mocked her again, “Even if Mr. Olsen knew, he wouldn’t care about you. No matter how hard you try to please him, he’s just toying with you like any Tom, Dick, or Harry… 
Keira clenched her fists but didn’t want to argue here to avoid disturbing Mrs. Olsen’s rest. 
Lewis, who had just arrived, stood outside the ward and heard everything. 
His face was stone cold, and he cast a glance at Tom. 
Tom took the hint immediately. He cleared his throat and entered the room. “Mrs. Olsen, I’m here to convey Mr. Horton’s regards.. How are you finding the ward? Is it comfortable?”
###Chapter 32 - 32: Test the Medicine
Chapter 32: Test the Medicine 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
The room instantly fell silent. 
Everyone simultaneously turned to look at Tom, then at Jake. 
Jake looked dumbfounded. 
Was this ward arranged by his uncle? 
Poppy was also stunned, but quickly regained her composure and laughed, “Mr. Jake, I didn’t know you asked Mr. Horton to give us this room…” 
Jake’s expression froze. 
However, Tom smiled. “Miss Olsen asked Mr. Horton for this room. Mr. Jake, did you also go to Mr. Horton?” 
Jake felt like crawling into a hole in embarrassment! 
He stuttered, “I made a lot of calls at that time and asked several people for help. They said they would help… It was a misunderstanding.” 
Isla felt humiliated! 
She clenched her fists tightly, and for the first time, she didn’t find Jake all that aloof… 
The strange atmosphere was finally broken by Mrs. Olsen, who coughed a few times and said to Tom, “Please thank Mr. Horton for me. We’re very comfortable here. Once I get better, I’ll visit Old Mrs. Horton.” 
Tom said, “As long as you’re comfortable here, Miss Olsen won’t be worried, and Old Mrs. Horton will be happy.” 
All the businessmen could infer the implied favoritism toward Keira. 
This realization made everyone in the room feel slightly uneasy. 
They didn’t expect Old Mrs. Horton to favor Keira so much. 
Only Mrs. Olsen was genuinely happy. 
With Keira living alone outside, she had always been anxious. But since their relationship was rather delicate, she couldn’t appear to be too close to Keira. Now that Old Mrs. Horton sincerely cared for Keira, Mrs. Olsen could finally relax! 
Keira was slightly surprised. 
She hadn’t expected it was Lewis who had helped. 
She looked at Poppy, a hint of mockery playing on her lips. 
Infuriated by her expression, Poppy fumed. “Little brat, what are you proud of? Just because you have a patron doesn’t make you any better!” 
“Shut up!” Taylor said angrily. “My wife needs to rest. What are you blabbering about? Get your ass back home!” 
Poppy stopped talking and seemed a little hurt. “Taylor, I…” 
“Leave!” 
Poppy’s face flushed red. She glared resentfully at Keira before hurriedly exiting the room. 
After she left, Keira turned to Mrs. Olsen. “Ma’am, how did you sleep last night?” 
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Olsen unconsciously gripped the small medicine bottle hidden under the blanket and said slowly, “I slept very well. It has been a long time since I’ve slept this comfortably.” 
“I’m glad to hear that.” 
Keira didn’t explain much but only nodded. “I’ll let you rest.” 
“Alright.” 
As Keira and Tom left the room, they saw Lewis standing in the hallway. 
He was in a suit and tie, which accentuated his long legs, making him look both gentlemanly and unapproachable. 
He leaned against the wall and was looking down at his phone. His black hair partially covered his sharp eyebrows and eyes. His side profile, illuminated by the light, appeared defined and cold. 
Upon hearing them, he turned to look. His narrow eyes brimmed with icy depth. He said, “Grandmother insisted that I come to check up on you.” Despite his indifferent tone, his deep voice warmed Keira Olsen’s heart. 
She smiled sincerely. “Thank you.” 
Her amorous eyes were clear and dazzling, filled with innocence and an unintentional charm. 
The smile on her lips was even more breathtaking, momentarily dazzling Lewis. 
At this time, Jake’s voice came from inside. 
“Auntie, since you’re okay, I’ll let you rest.” 
“Sure. Isla, see Jake out.” 
The door opened, and Jake and Isla came out. 
They instantly noticed Lewis and Keira. 
Isla felt as if an enemy was approaching. Her gaze darted between the two as if trying to figure out their relationship. 
Jake’s face darkened too. He subconsciously asked, “Uncle, what are you doing here?” h 
Lewis said meaningfully, “I don’t think I need to report my whereabouts to you.” 
Such an indifferent reply seemed to bring an invisible pressure. 
Jake’s palms immediately started to sweat. “That’s not what I meant.” 
He took a deep breath and looked at Keira. 
The girl s face had a kind of unabashed beauty. 
Mr. Horton was also a good-looking man. 
When the two stood together, they were like a match made in heaven! 
A strong sense of jealousy overwhelmed Jake, and he couldn’t help but speak again, “Miss Olsen, you’ve been looking after my great-grandmother in the hospital all this time. Doesn’t your husband mind?” 
Keira was taken aback. 
She subconsciously glanced at Mr. Horton, and said with a smirk, “He probably doesn’t mind.” 
Jake’s expression changed drastically. 
Before he could say anything, Lewis suddenly spoke, “Are you coming back to the ward? Grandma is waiting for you.” 
Coming back… 
Keira hesitated slightly. 
It had been a long time since she had heard that expression. 
Because she had no home to come back to. 
Looking down, she smiled faintly. “Let’s go.” 
The two left together. 
Jake’s gaze was dark as he stared at Keira from behind. 
For a moment, he felt an urge to take her back at all costs!! 
But Isla held his arm and said, “Jake, I’ll definitely help you get Dr. South’s assistance…” 
Jake seemed to regain his senses. “Alright.” 
“I’ll walk you downstairs.” 
“Ok.” 
After he left, Isla felt a deep sense of crisis. 
When she returned to the ward, she saw Mrs. Olsen getting up and moving around. Her eyes flickered. 
She walked to the bed and pretended to tidy up the bedspread, before exclaiming, “Mom, why is there a bottle of medicine on your bed?” 
Taylor frowned. “Isn’t this the non-warranty medicine that Keira gave you? 
Shirley, why did you pick it up again!” 
Mrs. Olsen explained, “I took one last night, and it seemed to work…” 
“How is that possible? It was clearly the sleeping pill that worked!” 
Taylor snatched the bottle and said dismissively, “Who knows where she got the medicine from? How can you just take it? Aren’t you afraid it’ll harm your health?” 
Mrs. Olsen hurriedly said, “Don’t throw it away. I won’t take it tonight. I want to see which medicine works!” 
Taylor said reluctantly. “Alright.” 
Soon, it was night. 
Aunt South held the sleeping pill in her hand, looking as if she was holding a magic panacea. After seeing Mrs. Olsen take it, she turned off the light and quietly left the room. 
The room quieted down. 
Half an hour later, there was still no sound inside. 
Aunt South said excitedly, “Mr. Jake’s medicine is a lifesaver for Mrs. Olsen! She hasn’t had a full night’s sleep in over twenty years …” 
Isla pretended to be shy. “Don’t say that. The ward wasn’t arranged by Jake, and 
it was such a big embarrassment today…” 
Upon hearing this, Taylor said, “Compared to the ward, this medicine is the most important! Even if Shirley were in the presidential suite, she wouldn’t be able to sleep without it. Keira went out of her way to seek Mr. Davis’s help to show off and brag. What? Are we supposed to be grateful and indebted to her?” 
After that, he glanced in disgust at the bottle of medicine Keira had sent. “Aunt South, get rid of this stupid medicine. Don’t let Shirley take it again!” 
As soon as he said those words, a suppressed, severe coughing sound came from the ward!
###Chapter 33 - 33: Keira Is Dr. South?
Chapter 33: Keira Is Dr. South? 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Taylor was slightly startled. 
He exchanged a glance with Aunt South and immediately rushed into the ward. 
One of the characteristics of a nervous cough was that it tended to get worse at night. 
Aunt South switched on the light. 
Everyone could see Mrs. Olsen sitting halfway up in bed, her hand covering her mouth, her face red from the effort of coughing. 
She clutched her chest. Her frail body trembled violently with each cough. The sight was alarming. 
Taylor steadied her by the shoulder. “Shirley, are you all right?” 
But Mrs. Olsen said, “Medicine…” Then she coughed again. 
Taylor was puzzled. 
Aunt South, however, understood and immediately rushed out to bring in the medicine bottle given by Keira. “Mrs. Olsen, the medicine is here!”. 
Mrs. Olsen nodded, and as Aunt South anxiously opened the bottle and was about to hand her a tablet, her hand was stopped by Isla. 
Isla frowned and said, “Mom’s cough suddenly worsened. Could it have been caused by this medicine? I think it’s better not to take medicine with an unknown origin…” 
Her intuition told her that the medicine might actually work! 
That’s why she couldn’t let Mrs. Olsen take it! 
She looked at Taylor. 
When someone is prejudiced against another, everything the latter did seemed wrong. 
Keira was the daughter of Poppy, and that was Taylor’s biggest prejudice against her! 
As expected, Taylor said angrily, “Keira is always causing more harm than good! I’ve always said she’s unreliable. Despite your kindness to her, Shirley, she tries to harm you with this medicine!” 
Isla’s heart leaped in satisfaction. 
Mrs. Olsen, however, seized a momentary relief from her cough and looked to Aunt South, “Give me the… medicine!” 
Aunt South, ever so loyal, immediately handed the tablet to Mrs. Olsen, who promptly put it in her mouth… 
“Shirley!” 
As Taylor yelled in alarm and tried to stop her, he realized Mrs. Olsen had stopped coughing! 
She took a deep breath after her fit of coughing subsided, and then looked at them seriously. “It’s confirmed. It’s Keira’s medicine that worked.” 
When Mrs. Olsen’s coughing finally stopped and she fell asleep, the others all came out to the outer room again. 
Isla’s face was pale. She bit her lip and said, “Dad, is Keira really so capable that she actually managed to buy an effective medicine?” 
“What capability does she have? It must have been Mr. Horton who helped her buy it.” 
Taylor frowned. “It seems old Mrs. Horton really does favor her…” 
Isla immediately clenched her fists. 
In the VIP ward. 
“What did we eat for lunch today?” 
The old lady racked her brain. “Oatmeal? No… it was pasta! Brat, am I right?” Lewis nodded with a smile, “Correct.” 
The old lady was pleased. “I know I don’t have any problems. My brain works fine!” 
Lewis didn’t say anything. 
Upon close inspection, one could tell that his eyes didn’t mirror his smile. In fact, they had rice for lunch. His grandmother had forgotten again. 
Her condition seemed to be worsening, and her memory began to degenerate… 
At this moment, Keira suddenly said, “Grandma, what color was Mr. Horton’s tie yesterday?” 
The old lady immediately said, “Purple! This brat is very particular. He even wore diamond cufflinks.” 
“And the day before yesterday?” 
“Blue! I bought him that blue tie!” 
Keira smiled lightly and looked meaningful at Lewis, “Grandma remembers the things she cares about very clearly.” 
Lewis looked at her. 
She was sitting in the recliner, sinking deeply into it. 
She was lazily playing with her phone. With her head lowered, her long, black hair casually draped over her back, accentuating her fair skin and giving her an overall soft glow. 
What she just said was intended to comfort him. 
His anxiety gradually subsided. 
The old lady suddenly chuckled. “Granddaughter-in-law, I was right, wasn’t I?” Keira said, “Yes.” 
The old lady then looked at Lewis, “Brat, did you see that? Your wife even remembers clearly what you wear every day! She’s thinking about you all the time!” 
Keira was shocked! 
She merely has a photographic memory! She really didn’t intentionally remember these things! 
She wanted to explain something but noticed that Lewis was staring at the computer in front of him, completely ignoring them. 
He must have not taken the old woman’s words to heart, right? 
In that case, she wouldn’t explain to avoid seeming overly defensive. 
Keira didn’t notice the slight redness on his earlobes and once again focused on her work, the finishing touches of Alzheimer’s research, a problem that had her utterly stumped. 
She rose to her feet. “I’m going for a walk.” 
Just as she was about to take the Shiba Inu, “Kitten,” for a stroll, someone lightly tapped her shoulder. 
She turned around to see a middle-aged man with a rowdy appearance standing behind her, grinning. “Niece, long time no see!” 
Keira’s face darkened. 
This man was Poppy’s brother, her uncle, Finley Hill. 
He was jobless and thoroughly addicted to gambling. 
He spoke with a foul breath, and his yellow, rotten teeth made her nauseous. Keira took a step back. “What are you here for?” 
Finley rubbed his hands, and said sleazily, “Oh my, I hear that my dear niece has gotten into the good graces of the Horton family. I’m a bit tight on cash lately. Could you lend me some money?” 
Keira sneered. 
Poppy was extremely devoted to her brother. She squatted in the Olsen’s house without leaving and gave all the living expenses provided by the Olsen’s to this brother of hers. 
After Keira left the Olsen family, Finley had shamelessly gone to see her several times for money. 
Later, presumably seeing that she really had no money, he finally backed off. 
Who would have thought he’d show up again now… 
Keira said, “I have no money.” 
Finley didn’t believe her. “You serve that old woman so well, and she hasn’t given you any money?” 
Keira narrowed her eyes. “Not yet. Maybe she will in the future?” 
Finley immediately laughed. “Then you must lend me some money when you get it. If you give me enough, I can tell you a secret!” 
“Fine.” 
Finley didn’t dare to make a fuss here. After all, the VIP ward was inhabited by either the rich or the powerful. With security patrolling nearby, he chuckled and left. 
Keira gave a snort of derision. 
Just then, her phone rang. She took it out to see that it was Mrs. Olsen. 
She quickly answered the call. 
Isla was anxiously pacing the room. 
She was relying on Dr. South to secure her position in the Horton family! 
But Dr. South hadn’t replied to Mrs. Olsen’s messages all day today! 
Jake had sent a few more WhatsApp messages, persistently asking about Dr. 
South. Isla couldn’t keep stalling… 
Isla suddenly stopped in her tracks and quietly entered the ward. 
Mrs. Olsen was fast asleep, so Isla took the phone from her mother. She then went outside to the corridor. 
She took a deep breath, unlocked the phone, found “South” in the contacts, and dialed the number. 
The call was answered after three rings. 
The person on the other end answered with a clear voice. “Hello, Mrs. Olsen. 
What can I do for you?” 
Upon hearing this voice, Isla froze. That voice was. “Keira?!”
###Chapter 34 - 34: Nonsense
Chapter 34: Nonsense 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Isla’s eyes widened in disbelief as she stared at her mother’s phone. 
She wouldn’t mistake that voice! 
The voice on the other end of the phone paused slightly, then it turned colder still. “Isla, what are you doing with Mrs. Olsen’s phone?” 
It was her!! 
Isla felt as if she had seen a ghost. 
No, it couldn’t be… 
She glanced at her phone sharply, suddenly thinking of something. She asked, “Is this your phone number?” 
Keira said, “What kind of question is that?” 
That’s when it dawned on Isla! 
She almost forgot that Keira’s nickname was also South, which was what Mrs. Olsen would sometimes call her. 
A tremendous sigh of relief escaped her lips, followed by boundless fury. “You’re such a sycophant! To get my mother’s favor, you even put her family name in your nickname. Are you worthy of being called that?” 
Keira lowered her eyes. 
The name was something she had chosen when she was in elementary school. 
“South” indeed came from the surname of Mrs. Olsen, aka Jodie South. 
Keira was young at the time and chose it simply because she liked it, never thinking about whether it would bother Mrs. Olsen. 
She was the daughter of a mistress, yet she adopted the wife’s last name. Keira wondered what Mrs. Olsen felt at the time. She would never know now. 
She said indifferently, “Did you call just to say this?” 
“Of course not!” Isla tore off her mask of decency and said viciously, “I just want to tell you, even if you’ve charmed Mr. Horton through old Mrs. Horton, you’re nothing more than a mistress and a toy! Mr. Horton is a married man! I’m different though. I’ll marry Jake and become a legitimate daughter-in-law of the Horton family!” 
Keira said, “Then… congratulations?” 
Isla felt as if she was punching cotton. She left a threat in the end. “You can’t just talk about feelings in a wealthy family. I have connections with Dr. South. I’ll always be in an unbeatable position!” 
Keira’s mouth twitched after the phone call. 
Since when had she become one of Isla’s pawns? 
As she pondered, a WhatsApp call came in again… 
This time, it was from Mrs. Olsen. She was calling “Dr. South” on WhatsApp. 
Keira operated on her phone, picked it up, and said casually, “Hello.” 
Her voice was changed by a device. 
The appearance of Finley made her understand that some things were better kept low-key to avoid unwelcome relatives. 
Isla said respectfully, “Hello, Dr. South, sorry for the disturbance. I’m Isla Olsen, the daughter of Jodie South. I am calling on the Horton Group’s behalf. They would like to invite you to join their R&D team. My mother also wishes for the same. May I ask if you…” 
“Not interested,” Keira interrupted her coldly. 
Isla halted. She wanted to say something more, but Keira said, “I only take responsibility for companies under Mrs. Olsen’s name.” 
With that, she hung up. 
Monday. 
Keira left her puppy with the old lady and dutifully went to work. 
As she stepped out of the hospital gate, contemplating whether to take a taxi or the subway, a Bentley slowly stopped beside her. 
Lewis looked straight ahead, saying indifferently, “Get in.” 
Keira refused, “I don’t think I should do that.” 
The two weren’t on such good terms yet. 
Lewis said, “Grandma asked me to drive you to work.” 
“You can just tell her you did that.” 
Lewis glanced at her, “I need a photo for proof.” 
“Fine…” 
Keira opened the back door and sat next to Lewis. 
Lewis raised his phone and took a selfie of the two of them. 
Keira posed with her two fingers raised and a sweet smile. 
She tilted her head, and a few strands of hair fluttered across Lewis’s face, leaving him rigid like he was electrocuted for a moment. 
In the passenger seat, Tom hesitated for a moment. He didn’t recall old Mrs. Horton making this request before they left. 
He must have missed it. 
After taking the photo, Keira sat up straight and started busying herself on her phone. 
The two remained silent until they reached the underground parking lot of the Horton Group. 
Lewis took the exclusive elevator and left with Tom. 
Keira, on the other hand, took the staff elevator up to the R&D department. 
At this time, the managerial staff of the R&D department were in a tense meeting. 
The general manager of the R&D department announced a position change. “After the decision of the company’s top management, Jake, the team leader, is promoted to the vice president, who will be responsible for the technical issues of the R&D department in the future!” 
Someone asked, “Why is this announcement so sudden?” 
The manager said, “Vice President Horton successfully invited Dr. South to be our technical support in the R&D department. This is a big deal for the R&D department. Although Dr. South doesn’t work in the office, if any of you have any problems, you can ask Vice President Horton to communicate with him and solve the problem. Now, let’s have Vice President Horton say a few words.” 
Jake stood up and spoke directly, “From now on, the research and development staff of the first and second teams have to listen to my commands. Mr. Riley, I presume you won’t violate the company’s regulation?” 
Jalen, who had been working overtime all weekend at the company and had pulled two all-nighters, was wearing casual clothes with an air of irritation. He snorted coldly. “There’s another regulation at the company that doesn’t allow skipping ranks for reporting or assigning tasks. So, about my staff… you can only delegate tasks through me!” 
Jake’s face darkened, “Mr. Riley, I see you don’t have enough energy to manage the staff of the first team. Have you solved your core problem yet? Although the R&D department is divided into teams, it’s also a whole. Your delays affect the progress of the entire project!” 
Jalen abruptly stood up. “You also studied renewable energy, so you should know how difficult the research is. You make it sound like you can solve my core problem!” 
Jake spoke calmly, “I cannot solve it, but I have someone who can. Do you need me to ask Dr. South for help?” 
Jalen scoffed. “I didn’t know you could be so kind.” 
Jake’s eyes were filled with a cold light. “We’re all in the R&D department, so of course, I’ll show extra care. But I need one of your team’s technical staff to come over and assist me. How about that new intern? Deal?” 
Jalen knew from the start that he was after Keira! 
He said coldly, “No deal. I’ll do it myself slowly. Don’t bother asking Dr. South for me!” 
Jake said gloomily, “Mr. Riley, don’t think that hiding behind my uncle can help you do as you please here! You’re responsible for delaying the entire R&D department’s progress! I’ll give you two more days. If you don’t solve that problem, I’m going to request your dismissal or demotion!” 
Jalen walked out. “Then let’s see if you’re capable of that!” 
He was arrogant in the office, but once he stepped outside, Jalen lost his composure. 
He knew even if Lewis wanted to protect him, if Jake really put forward a request, it would be troublesome! 
Jalen entered the first team section of the R&D department and kicked a chair angrily. 
Luca was late for work. He quietly went to his workstation, afraid of causing trouble with his agitated team leader. 
He turned on his computer, opened his inbox, and saw an unread email. 
Huh? 
An email from Keira… 
Did she really solve the core problem?
###Chapter 35 - 35*. Solution
Chapter 35*. Solution 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Seriously? 
Even Jalen, a Ph.D. who returned to the country after studying abroad, couldn’t solve such a core issue immediately! 
Keira was only an undergraduate. Even if Professor Miller praised her talent, could she solve it no matter how well she defied expectations? 
Luca thought those things as he clicked the mouse. He opened that email, and then, he blinked!! 
“Bang!” 
Jalen slammed the documents he held onto the table and raised his chin slightly. “Meeting time!” 
Luca didn’t respond immediately. Instead, he was staring at that email. 
“Luca! Is your butt glued to the chair?!” 
Jalen was in a bad mood, and seeing Luca moving slowly, he shouted angrily. 
Luca glanced at the content of the email, saw that it was a blank file, and immediately stood up. “Coming. I’m coming…” 
Keira failed to solve the problem, and she had probably sent this email by mistake. 
When he left his computer, the attachment that had just finished buffering in the email was lying quietly in the interface… 
In the office. 
Jalen frowned and briefly explained the situation at the just concluded meeting. He didn’t mention Keira and just said, “In two days, if this core issue cannot be solved, I’ll resign.” 
The moment these words came out, the office became quiet. 
Jalen did have a temper and often scolded them, but he was a qualified team leader, and they all respected him. 
After a while of silence, everyone started talking. 
“Jalen, just tell us what to do.” 
“Yes, for the next two days, we won’t sleep. Let’s do our best!” 
Jalen delegated work, increasing each employee’s workload several times, yet nobody complained. 
It was only after the meeting that Jalen felt like he had forgotten something… 
He suddenly turned to Luca. “Where’s Keira?” 
How come she wasn’t at work yet? 
Luca shook his head, but another person said, “She came in in the morning, clocked in, and then went to the library.” 
The complexion on Jalen’s face instantly turned gloomy! 
He was struggling against Jake for her, but that woman had gone out again?! 
Someone couldn’t help saying, “Jalen, she’s too ungrateful. If she worked with us on this project, she would gain so much work experience!” 
Luca didn’t agree with Keira’s approach but still spoke for her. “She just graduated from college. She doesn’t understand these things… Besides, our stuff is too complicated for her. She probably won’t understand…” 
“We’re a team. Even if she doesn’t understand, she should still stay and help at this key moment, right? Is she taking a salary and not working? Who does that!” 
“That’s right. What’s wrong with this girl? Is our team beginning to keep loafers?” 
Jalen took a deep breath, feeling that Keira was ungrateful! 
On the roof. 
Tom had been keeping an eye on the situation below and knew more about it than Group One. He was complaining to Lewis. 
“Jalen is working frantically for her while she is leisurely reading in the library 
all morning… She is a real femme fatale!” 
Lewis frowned, his cool scrutinizing eyes glancing at Tom. “Reading all morning?” 
“Yes, she clocked in and went there. She hasn’t even had lunch yet!” 
“What book?” 
“I didn’t pay attention to that. I assume it’s a paper on new energy?” 
“…You assume?” 
The clear displeasure in Lewis’s voice gave Tom a chill, but he suddenly realized something. “She’s been targeting the library since she started working, so her purpose in joining Horton Group is to search for information?” 
What book she was reading became hugely important! 
Tom bowed his head, “I’ll find out now!” 
But Lewis had already stood up. He was buttoning his blazer as he walked briskly out, only leaving a word behind. “Don’t bother.” 
He quickly arrived at the library and found her among the books in the neurology category. 
She was looking up, her eyes swiftly sweeping across a row of books, then coming to rest at the highest level of the shelf. 
She then saw something. She dragged over a ladder, climbed up, and reached for the book. 
She was wearing a loose hooded sweatshirt today, along with skinny jeans. 
Her movement raised the lower hem of her sweatshirt, revealing her leg. 
From Lewis’s perspective, her legs were slender and straight, and her jeans wrapped around the pretty curves of her derriere, above which was her fair waist!! 
Lewis paused and slowly looked away. Her fair waist seemed to be imprinted on his brain and sparked a thought in his mind. “Her waist is so thin that I can wrap my hand around it.” 
Keira didn’t notice him. After getting the book, she casually flipped through it, and her eyes suddenly lit up. 
The book she wanted to find was this one! 
Overjoyed, she momentarily forgot she was still on the ladder and stepped forward as if she wanted to go to the seat next to her, but her foot missed the step, and she lost her balance! 
Now she was in trouble. 
Just as Keira thought of this, she fell into the warm and strong arms of someone… 
It was only then she realized that Lewis caught her. 
The two were very close, and she could smell his vanilla fragrance. His large hand was holding her butt, and the burning heat from his palm went through 
her thin jeans… 
Keira’s heart suddenly skipped a beat, and she felt so embarrassed! 
But she understood that he didn’t mean to do that. It was just a coincidence. 
Keira hastily jumped down, calming herself down. “Mr. Horton, thank you.” 
She blushed a little. 
Lewis paused, subconsciously looking at his empty hand. 
She was so light and soft… The touch just now made him suddenly feel a bit parched, He had been running the business for years, but for the first time, he felt a little at a loss. 
He lowered his gaze, his eyelashes slightly trembling. He controlled himself and said, “You’re welcome.” 
There was a moment of awkward silence. 
Keira cleared her throat. “I just remembered I had something to do in the R&D department. I need to go back.” 
“…Okay.” 
With Lewis’s permission, Keira quickly hid the book she just found in a corner out of sight, worried someone else might borrow it, then left the library. 
By the time she reached the elevator, her face was still burning a little. 
Keira casually grabbed something to eat and returned to Group On in the research department. 
As soon as she entered, she noticed something was wrong right away. 
The colleagues who were originally quite friendly toward her now seemed like they didn’t see her… 
Kira didn’t understand and just thought everyone was not familiar with her. 
In the afternoon, she went to the library again. 
But she was stopped by Luca, who said in a low voice, “Don’t go in the afternoon…” 
“Why?” 
Kira was puzzled: “Didn’t they say that as long as my own work is done, I can go?” 
Luca immediately looked around and indeed saw the odd looks from his colleagues. 
He too started to become impatient and said bitterly, “Yes, once the work is done, you can go, but have you finished the work I assigned you last week?” 
“Yes, it’s done!” 
“I know it’s difficult and you can’t solve it overnight, so you need to stay here and………. wait, what?!”
###Chapter 36 - 36: Astonishment
Chapter 36: Astonishment 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Luca was in a stun and stared at her in disbelief. 
Keira casually said, “I said, it was sent to your inbox last Friday.” 
Luca swallowed. “Wasn’t that an empty email?” 
Keira was bewildered. 
Luca realized something and ran to his workstation. Looking at his email on the computer, he indeed saw the attachment! 
But he still couldn’t believe it. He opened the attachment nervously! 
The development of new energy is different from software coding. 
Not only did they use computer simulators, but they also had to go into the lab for real experiments. 
Keira had finished the task assigned to her last Friday, so Luca spent all morning in the lab assisting Jalen, and that’s why he didn’t notice. 
Once the attachment was downloaded, Luca couldn’t wait to look at it. 
As he read through it, he immersed himself in the report. 
The application of core technology was a bit complex. Some of it took him quite a while to understand. 
Seeing his silence, Keira prepared to take the elevator to the 6oth floor where the archives were located. 
The elevator arrived, and she entered it just as a group of members did. 
The R&D Department and the laboratory were located on different floors of the tower, and they each had their own tasks to do. 
“Beep!” 
The elevator alarm beeped, indicating that it was overloaded. 
Someone said, “Keira, you better get off.” 
Their tone was tinged with displeasure. 
Keira was taken aback and raised her head, “I wasn’t the last one to get on.” 
The person scoffed. “Even though that’s the case, work is first come first served. We’re in a hurry, and you’re so idle. If you’re not busy, why don’t you get off first?” 
The others immediately echoed. 
“Exactly. You don’t actually need to work; you’re just going to read books!” 
“Hurry up and go. Don’t waste our time!” 
“Our team leader is still waiting for us. Would you be responsible if we were late?” 
Keira frowned, detecting the hostility of the group. 
Although she didn’t quite understand what was going on, she took a deep breath and got off the elevator. 
She didn’t need to argue about something like that. 
As a researcher, she understood the exasperation when a problem couldn’t be resolved promptly. Besides, there were eight elevators in total. It was just a matter of wasting a bit more time. 
Once the elevator doors closed, someone in the group suddenly whispered. 
“Were we a bit too harsh just now?” 
“She’s just so tactless… She doesn’t do any work at all, and yet when we achieve results, she reaps the benefits too. That’s not fair!” 
Keira entered the 6oth floor through another elevator and hastily looked for a book she put away. 
As long as she studied hard, she was sure she could solve old Mrs. Horton’s problem soon. 
But then, she discovered her book was gone! 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She hurriedly looked around the bookshelf, but no matter how much she tried, she couldn’t find the book. 
Nobody nearby seemed to be reading it… 
The books in the Horton Group’s library clearly couldn’t be taken out! 
Where did the book go? 
Suddenly, she realized something… 
There was only one person in the company who could get a book out of here! 
On the top floor. 
Lewis was engrossed with his own eyebrows drawn together as he flipped through the thick volume in his hands. 
The book was about neuroscience. 
Briefly familiar with the subject due to his grandmother’s health, he still found the book complex and difficult to understand. He was also curious to know why Keira was reading it. 
Tom provided Lewis with a detailed report of Keira’s actions downstairs. He then added, “Boss, Keira is simply taking advantage of Mrs. Horton’s fondness for her and acting as she pleases! You even arranged for her to be in a department that matched her major, to give her a chance to learn and yet she shows no gratitude!” 
Lewis coldly replied, “She’s not really here to work.” 
Tom was perplexed. 
He couldn’t help but feel that the boss seemed to be speaking up for her. 
It must be his illusion! 
He then asked, “This book doesn’t seem to have much relevance. Should we return it?” 
Lewis tapped on the book, thinking about the girl’s anticipation when she saw it today. He suddenly remembered the feeling of her in his arms earlier… 
All of a sudden, he felt dry-mouthed, “No need for now.” 
Keira had wanted to go upstairs to get the book from Lewis, but when she remembered their hug earlier, she suddenly became shy. 
In the end, she strolled back to the R&D department. 
Just leaving the elevator, she spotted Jalen and some team members drinking coffee in the lounge, trying to stay awake. 
They all had weary expressions on their faces. 
Seeing Keira’s laid-back demeanor, someone couldn’t help but speak up: 
“Keira, this is a company, not a shopping mall for you to loiter around!” “Exactly, we’re all so busy right now. Don’t you feel ashamed not offering to help?” 
“Do you even understand? Being involved in our projects can help you gain work experience!” 
“We are all on the same team. If the project is successful, the bonus is equally divided. We never looked down on you for being an intern, but you can’t be this unreasonable, right? You just want to earn money without doing anything?” “Although you’re a special case here, we have never minded your lack of ability. We thought we could guide you, but your indifference to work is outrageous!” Keira paused, asking seriously, “So, what can I help with?” 
“You don’t understand the technical stuff, so you could at least help us with odd jobs. Print some stuff, run errands, or get some coffee!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira frowned. “I’m sorry, that’s not part of my job.” 
Having started working since junior high, she understood workplace rules. 
Indeed, the salary that Horton Group offered her was okay, but the three tasks she completed last Friday were surely worth the pay. 
She had no idea that the minor issue she finally resolved last week was the core problem that their entire team had been racking their brains about. 
Having said this, Keira was about to enter the office. 
The team members, however, were incensed by her remarks. 
“What kind of person is she? She has no real skills, yet she’s here putting on airs like a princess. How arrogant!” 
“We can’t understand why the company would hire someone like her!” 
Watching Keira’s nonchalant demeanor and hearing these complaints, Jalen frowned even more. 
He wanted to help Keira, but she looked irredeemable! 
To think he had even stood up against Jake for her, he felt like such a fool! 
Jalen slammed his hand down on the table with a fury. “Keira, if you don’t want to work, you’re welcome to leave! We don’t need freeloaders on our team!!” 
Inside the office, Luca was now filled with excitement and fanatic fervor. He was still engrossed with the email. 
He finally understood it! 
Luca shot up from his seat, ran to the door, and excitedly grabbed Jalen’s arm!!
###Chapter 37 - 37: Touching
Chapter 37: Touching 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
“It’s solved! It’s really solved!” 
Luca shouted excitedly, “She actually solved it!” 
Jalen was slightly taken aback and frowned. “Have you lost your mind?!” 
The rest of the team members also impatiently turned their attention to him. 
“Luca, what are you doing?” 
“What’s the matter with you this afternoon? We’ve been busy in the lab, but you disappeared. What did you solve?” 
“Did you solve our core problem?” 
As soon as these words came out, Luca immediately nodded. “Yes, The problem is solved!” 
He dragged lalen toward his workstation and pointed at the computer. “Jalen, look! We weren’t able to solve it because we were biased. It can be done like this…” 
He roughly explained the solution flow he had just understood. After he finished, the entire team was shocked. 
“So it could be done like this!” 
“Luca, you are impressive!” 
“Jalen won’t need to resign!” 
While everyone else was in awe, Jalen, who was staring at the computer, suddenly noticed the email was sent by Keira… 
He was slightly stunned and looked at Luca surprisingly. “This solution is from…” 
“It’s from Keira! She gave it to me last Friday, but I didn’t check it out because it was the end of the working day!” 
At Luca’s words, all the team members looked at Keira in disbelief. 
How could this be? 
They had been wrestling with this problem for a month, was it really cracked by this young woman standing in front of them?! 
Last Friday… She just started the job! 
Keira stood there quietly, exuding an aloof and indifferent aura. 
Amazement seemed to emerge from her eyes, and she asked indifferently, “So, this is the problem you’ve been wrestling with?” 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Why did they feel like the words “that’s it?” were written all over her face? 
Everyone swallowed, still finding it hard to believe. “Aren’t you just an undergraduate?” 
Hearing these words, Keira said seriously, “Abilities aren’t determined by educational qualifications.” 
Everyone sobered up for a moment. 
After a moment of silence, someone spoke up, “I’m sorry for treating you that way in the elevator.” 
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said you were earning without working. You alone did what our whole team couldn’t do.” 
“I said you should learn from me, but I was really overestimating myself. You wouldn’t learn anything from us with your skills…” 
“We’ve belittled you!” 
Everyone here was a simple-minded researcher. 
Keira knew clearly that these people only treated her that way before out of frustration. 
She said lightly, “It’s okay.” 
Jalen slowly walked toward her, still looking arrogant. Clenching his jaw, he extended his hand to her. “Welcome to the team.” 
Initially, she was forcefully squeezed into the team due to her connections, but now, he had recognized her capabilities. 
Clap, clap, clap! 
There was suddenly applause at the door. 
Everyone turned their heads to see the research department’s director and a dark-faced Jake walk in. 
The director of the research department said, “Young people today shouldn’t be underestimated! I didn’t expect Miss Olsen’s professional abilities to be so strong.” 
Jake stared at Keira, his eyes full of complicated emotions. 
He certainly knew about Keira’s talent in academic fields. His affection for her over the years wasn’t entirely due to her looks, but he didn’t expect her to be able to solve the team’s core technical problem! 
Such a talent would definitely fly high if given the opportunity to further her studies! 
Her future achievements might not be inferior to Dr. South… 
But that was in the future. In the short term, Dr. South was beyond her reach! 
Jake clenched his fists, his gaze gradually becoming determined. 
He desperately needed to control the research department and consolidate his position at the Horton Group. He had no time to wait for her growth. 
Moreover, she was an illegitimate daughter… 
He couldn’t possibly marry her, considering her status or capability. 
Suppressing the hesitation, he glared at Jalen in a sinister manner. “I was actually considering letting Dr. South help you if you couldn’t finish the task in time…” 
The team members’ eyes widened at the words. 
“My god, Dr. South!” 
“Receiving guidance from Dr. South or working with him would be my ultimate dream!” 
“If I could meet Dr. South, I’d rather remain single for life!” 
Listening to the reactions of the crowd, Jalen replied with a hardened face, “We won’t bother Dr. South with such trivial issues.” 
However, Jake said, “Dr. South is basically our technical support. It would be right for him to lend a hand.” 
Keira frowned slightly upon hearing this. 
She clearly refused Isla. How did she become the technical support for the Horton Group? 
Looking at Jake’s confident demeanor, Isla must have lied again! 
Jake narrowed his eyes and continued. “Jalen, actually, I happen to need an assistant who knows the technique, so I considered adjusting Keira’s position. You and I are both core members of the research department. There’s no need to be at odds. As long as you agree, I’ll arrange for Dr. South to provide technical support to you right away.” 
He said this on purpose, just to let the members of Group One know that as long as they gave up Keira, he could get them in touch with Dr. South! 
The attraction of Dr. South to these researchers was too great. 
Group One’s members would certainly oppose Jalen’s decision… 
Keira’s face darkened as well, feeling extremely irritated by Jake. 
She looked at the staff members on the team and saw their faces change. They understood the implications… 
Everyone exchanged glances, all with indecisive expressions on their faces. 
Keira’s eyes dimmed. 
She just started working a few days ago. Although the team members were good to her last week, they’d only known her for a day and a half… 
Jake looked at the expressions of team one’s members, knowing that his scheme to stir up strife was working. Therefore, he continued.” Jalen, do you agree to let her go now? In fact, letting Keira follow me will be better for her future…” 
Jalen grimaced and firmly replied, “No.” 
Keira blinked, a little surprised. 
Jake chuckled. “Our company has always been very democratic. You can’t be the only one to decide on the team’s matters. If you don’t let her go, do the other members agree? Does the team really not need Dr. South?” 
After he said this, everyone on the team immediately fell silent. 
Jalen stood up straight, looking angrily at the team members. 
Keira suddenly laughed. 
She didn’t want to reveal her identity initially to avoid being harassed, but now she didn’t want to go through any unnecessary tests of humanity either… 
She looked directly at Jake and said coldly, “Did you ask for my consent before using Dr.. South as a bargaining chip?”
###Chapter 38 - 38: Face-Slapping
Chapter 38: Face-Slapping 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
“Why should I ask you?” 
Jake sneered. “Keira, this is a personnel change within the Horton Group, your 
opinions are irrelevant.” 
“What about Dr. South’s opinion?” 
Keira’s tone was very light, with a hint of mockery in her expression. 
Jake was taken aback. “What does Dr. South’s opinion have to do with you?” 
Could she know Dr. South? 
The smile on Keira’s lips grew colder. “I am…” 
Before she could say the words “Dr. South”, Luca suddenly stepped forward, 
blocking her way. 
Til follow Jalen’s instructions’.”
Keira’s pupils contracted in shock as she looked at Luca. 
The other members of the team also laughed and chimed in. 
“Yes, we’ll follow Jalen’s instructions’.” 
Keira looked incredulously at the team members. 
just half an hour ago, they were attacking her for not working effectively, but 
now, they were unequivocally standing with her. 
Jake wasn’t just a deputy head of the R&D Department, but he was also the legitimate grandson of the Horton family. 
Once his power became invincible, how could these people, who had enraged him, continue to work at Horton Group? 
But they weren’t considering this at all… 
Keira’s throat tightened, and there was a smile in her eyes. 
Jake’s face grew even uglier. He suppressed his anger and sneered. “It seems that the pressure of R&D on you all isn’t as much as I thought, hence the lack of need for Dr. South’s help. In that case, I presume the final task of this project wouldn’t be much of a challenge for you all? Have the solution submitted by 
the end of this Friday.” 
The entire project timeline was divided into two parts, with teams one and two responsible for one part each. 
The biggest challenge of the project was to perfectly integrate these two parts. 
Handing over this task to Group One wasn’t an issue. Jalen could certainly solve the problem in a couple of months. However, Jake had only given them a week! 
Jalen protested angrily, “This is totally unreasonable!” 
Jake simply retorted: “If Dr. South were to do it, it would be solved in three days. You don’t need Dr. South’s help because you think you’re great, right? One week is more than enough!” 
Having left those words, he turned and left. 
Keira’s eyes darkened slightly. She followed him out of the office and said, 
“Shall we talk?” 
Jake narrowed his eyes, and the two went into the corridor outside. 
Keira looked at him. “Care to make a bet?” 
The sudden proposition made Jake feel bewildered. 
He was reminded of his senior year in college when he had also used this method to pursue her. 
He had said to her, “Keira, do you dare to bet? Let’s see who finishes their graduation thesis first. The one who loses must grant the winner a request.” 
She had looked at him in a way that suggested that she found him childish, but she eventually nodded in agreement. 
He had stayed up several nights in a row to complete his thesis successfully. 
When he went to find her, he proposed to gift her something at the graduation ceremony, which she shouldnt refuse… 
But in the end, that gift was never given. 
She was an illegitimate daughter. This rendered his four years of pursuit seemingly pathetic! 
Jake’s expression gradually turned contemptuous as he looked at Keira. “Why should I bet with you?” 
Keira goaded him on. “Are you afraid of losing to me again?” 
Jake was startled. “Again?” 
Keira took out her phone, opened her email and handed it to him. “I won last 
time.” 
Jake looked at the time of the email on her phone, only to find out that she submitted her thesis the day after they made their bet! 
He narrowed his eyes. 
Only then did he realize that he had never caught up to her pace… 
His male ego couldn’t stop him from asking, “What’s the bet?” 
Keira slowly said, “If Group One can submit the solution before the end of this Friday, and Dr. South has yet to provide you with a solution, then you will never interfere with Group One’s work again! 
She wasn’t going to stay here for a long time, so she wanted to help her colleagues in Group One resolve their future concerns. 
Jake sneered. “If you guys don’t hand it in, but Dr. South provides me with a solution, you’ll have to follow my orders from now on!” 
“Deal.” 
Jake looked at her decisive demeanor and couldn’t help but ask, “Keira, I know you’re excellent in your field, but what makes you think you can beat Dr. 
South?” 
Keira sneered. “Do you really think that Dr. South is going to help you solve the problem? Did he promise you in person that he would serve as technical support for Horton Group?” 
Jake was taken aback. 
Keira didn’t pay him any more attention, she went back to Group One in the 
R&D Department, only to find everyone sighing. 
When they saw her, they quickly exchanged glances and intentionally started making comments. 
“Hey, meeting Dr. South isn’t really that exciting… He’s a high and mighty god. Even’if we meet him once, it’s not like we’ll be instantly enlightened!” 
“Yes. If I meet him once, will my IQjncrease to 250? 
“Keira, don’t worry. This project is so challenging. Even if we can’t complete it, what can Jake do to us?” 
II II 
Even Jalen coughed loudly and roared. “Enough! Can’t you see that new work has been assigned? What are you all gossiping about here?! Get to work! Meet me in the conference room. We’re redistributing the tasks!” 
“Coming!” 
Keira watched as everyone rushed into the conference room, then casually sauntered in after them. 
jalen seemed to be waiting for her. Only after she entered did he start distributing the tasks… 
At the end of the day, Keira thought everyone would need to work overtime, but surprisingly, everyone packed their things and left. 
Keira, with her laptop in hand, headed for the underground parking lot. 
She didn’t notice that after she left, all of her colleagues from Group One who had already left returned to work overtime. 
In the underground parking lot, inside a Bentley. 
Tom asked, “Boss, shall we go?” 
“There’s no rush.” 
Lewis said lightly, still holding a thick book in his hand. 
Tom was just about to ask who he was waiting for when he saw Keira approaching and getting into the car. 
Only then did Lewis look up. “Let s go. 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
Was Lewis waiting for Miss Olsen to leave together? 
The car drove smoothly along the road. 
Keira looked at Lewis and glanced at the book in his hands, intending to borrow it for reference. But remembering her work, she decided to wait and borrow it three days later. 
The two of them didn’t say anything on the way back and quickly returned to the hospital. 
Just as they reached the VIP ward area on the third floor, they could hear Poppy’s loud voice.” Mrs. Horton, I came especially to see you… What a pleasure…” 
Old Mrs. Horton blocked the entrance to the ward, glaring at Poppy. “Get out! If you don’t leave, I’ll have someone beat you up!” 
Poppy forced a smile, playing the part of a haggler. “I’m Keira’s mother. You love Keira the most, don’t you? You shouldn’t treat me like this for her sake…” “You are not her mother!” Old Mrs. Horton was adamant. “Mrs. Olsen is her mother!” 
At this statement, Poppy broke out into a cold sweat and shot back, “How do you know?!”
###Chapter 39 - 39: Truth
Chapter 39: Truth 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Poppy was terrified. 
Only she and her brother, Finley, knew about her switching the girls! 
She had never mentioned it to her real daughter, Isla. 
How could Old Mrs. Horton know? 
Moreover, she spoke in an assertive tone, not of suspicion, but of certainty! 
Seeing Keira and Lewis approaching, Poppy looked even more uneasy in her guilt! 
They hadn’t heard what she’d just said, had they? 
Old Mrs. Horton huffed out, “I know. You bullied my granddaughter-in-law. 
You’re a bad woman!” 
The old lady rambled on and on. It seemed like something was wrong with her mind… 
Poppy breathed a sigh of relief. She approached Keira with the thermos in hand, “Keira dear, I’ve brought you some chicken broth. You must be tired from caring for old Mrs. Horton. You need to eat more to regain some strength…” The aroma of the chicken broth from the thermos wafted into the air, but to Keira, it was nothing more than irony. 
This was the first time Poppy had ever made soup for her. 
She asked in a voice devoid of emotion, “What do you want? 
Poppy smiled. “I’m still after Isla’s two percent share… Old Mrs. Horton values you a lot. She help you arrange a hospital room for Mrs. Olsen and get you that medicine. She’ll definitely agree if you ask for it. Help out your sister, otherwise, how could she be confident around Jake?” 
Keira’s expression turned ice-cold, the words escaping her lips devoid of warmth, “No.” 
Poppy’s face hardened, her facade crumbling. She glared at Keira, “That’s right, huh? I worked so hard to give birth to you. You climb the social ladder, and now you won’t respect me anymore?!” 
She plopped down onto the ground, crying out, “If you don’t help me today, I won’t get up! Everyone, come look at this! My daughter is an ungrateful wretch! She’s embarrassed by her mother’s lowly background, so she’s serving Old Mrs. Horton with such dedication! She wants to be their granddaughter now!” 
The surrounding medical staff and patients began to whisper among 
themselves. 
“Miss Olsen seemed nice. I never expected her to be like this…” 
“She’s so materialistic. She’s even denying her own mother. I’ve never seen anything like this in my life!” 
Keira stood there with an expressionless face. 
She truly didn’t want to admit that this woman causing a scene was her mother. 
Yet regretfully, such a relationship was impossible to sever. 
She felt helpless. 
Keira sneered, her voice as icy as her expression. “Go ahead, make a scene. If you interrupt anyone’s rest, the security will escort you out.” 
After she finished speaking, she walked past Poppy. 
Poppy was enraged. “Ungrateful wretch! Little slut!” 
Out of spite, she stood up abruptly and threw the thermos full of chicken soup roughly at Keira! 
“Watch out!” 
Keira heard a deep voice. Then she was tightly enveloped in a sturdy embrace! She looked back in surprise, only to see Lewis standing protectively in front of her, shielding her from the scalding hot chicken soup with his broad back… 
Steam was rising from his black suit. 
Keira gasped and asked anxiously, “Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine.” 
He squinted at Poppy. 
Poppy was petrified. She waved her hands frantically, “Mr. Horton, I… I didn’t mean to splash you. I… I…” 
She was so flustered that she turned to escape, quickly disappearing from the corridor. 
No one paid her any heed as everyone circled around Lewis to enter their wards. 
The old lady immediately rushed over, quickly stripping off Lewis’s clothes, “Quickly, take it off and let me see how bad it is! Are there any blisters.” Lewis calmly took off his suit and white shirt, revealing his sturdy chest. Keira instinctively wanted to look away, but not before her gaze fell onto his back which was now bright red and full of blisters… 
That wasn’t a minor injury. It was clearly very serious! 
“Oh my, does it hurt? Keira, apply some ointment for him…” The old lady snatched the burn cream from the nurse’s hand and thrust it into Keira’s hands. She pushed Keira behind Lewis, then beckoned to the others to leave the room, “Let’s not crowd around here. The brat will be embarrassed to be naked!” 
Then, moving closer to Keira, she whispered, “Granddaughter-in-law, it’s up to you now!” 
Keira was speechless. 
In an instant, only the two of them were left in the ward. 
It was so awkward. 
Lewis said in a low voice, “This is my grandma’s whimsical thinking. I’ll let the 
nurse come in…” 
“I’ll do it.” 
Keira interrupted him and walked behind him. 
It was the twilight hour, and the golden light spilled in through the window, casting long shadows of the two. 
Lewis stood before the window, the halo through the glass illuminating his broad back, and his fitted trousers outlined his slender waistline. 
One look and Keira lowered her gaze. 
It was as if a tiny stone had been thrown into the lake of her heart, causing ripples to spread outward. 
She dabbed the ointment on her fingertips before gently applying it to his burned area. 
Lewis remained silent, his muscles tensing subconsciously the moment her fingertips touched his skin. 
Her faint breath sprayed onto his back like a flame was scorching him. 
Noticing his discomfort, Keira asked softly, “Does it hurt?” 
Lewis lifted his eyes, and in the reflection of the window, he could see her expression, which was serious and focused as if she were handling a priceless antique. 
His attention was drawn to her, and the corner of his mouth twitched slightly. 
“No, it doesn’t hurt.” 
A moment later, having applied the ointment, Lewis put on a new shirt and buttoned it up. “Thank you, Miss Olsen.” 
“Don’t mention it.” 
Keira hesitated, then looked up at him, “Actually, you didn’t have to take the hit for me. If you get hurt, your grandmother would be devastated.” “If you get hurt, my grandmother would be even more devastated.” 
“Well, after all, I’m an outsider.” 
His dark eyes fixed on her, and he said slowly, “You forgot. You’re now my 
wife.” 
Keira’s breathing quickened, the air around her seeming to thin out due to Lewis’s words. 
Her heart skipped a beat, and her eyelashes fluttered like a fan. 
“I’m going out for a bit.” 
Keira turned to leave the room. 
Lewis asked, “What are you going to do?” 
“Take revenge.” 
It didn’t matter how Poppy treated her, but if she had hurt Lewis, she couldn’t just let it go! 
Keira went to Mrs. Olsen’s room, intending to check if Poppy was there. 
But just as she got close, she spotted Isla and a man disappearing into the corridor. 
The man was slimy and sneaky; it looked a lot like Uncle Finley. 
Out of curiosity, Keira followed them. 
In the corridor. 
Finley was rubbing his hands together, “My dear niece, your uncle is a bit short on cash…” 
Isla suppressed her anger. “I’ve already given you my pocket money for this month!” 
Finley was her nightmare. 
Without warning, he came to her on New Year’s Day and said that she was Poppy’s daughter. He demanded money from her, threatening to reveal the truth to Taylor and Mrs. Olsen… 
Despite her pleas, Finley remained unfazed. He smiled and said, “Either way, I can’t survive without money. If you won’t give it to me, I’ll go to Keira, and tell her the truth. She would definitely give me a large sum of money!” 
At that moment, the door was pushed open. 
Keira stood there, her back against the light.. Her voice was cold, “What truth?”
###Chapter 40 - 40: Trade
Chapter 40: Trade 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira suddenly appeared, startling Isla! 
She immediately looked at Finley with panic written all over her eyes. 
Finley flashed a faint smile, about to speak… 
Isla beat him to it. “Keira, what are you doing eavesdropping on our conversation?!” 
Keira’s gaze swept over her and Finley. “Don’t deflect the topic here.” 
She looked at Finley. “What truth?” 
Keira’s intuition told her that this truth had something to do with her. 
She added. “I can give you money for it.” 
Finley’s eyes lit up. “How much can you give?” 
Keira looked at Isla and saw her clutching her clothes tightly, completely flustered. 
She said indifferently, “Just name your price. I can get it from the Horton Family.” 
Finley’s shifty little eyes flitted about, finally settling on Isla with a beaming smile, “I think you’re not as rich as Isla, right?” 
Isla immediately heaved a sigh of relief and told Finley, “I’ll find a way to get you the money you want. You can leave now.” 
Finley chuckled. “Alright then, see you around.” 
As he passed by Keira, he paused. “Niece, my secret will always be valuable to you. As long as you can afford the price, I’ll definitely sell it to you!” 
With those words, he cheerfully left. 
Keira watched him leave, narrowing her eyes. 
She took out her phone and sent a message to Samuel on WhatsApp, “Check out Finley.” 
Samuel quickly replied, “OK.” 
He then sent another message, “Boss, there’s an industry gathering tomorrow. 
The invitation is in your email. Are you going?” 
Keira’s reply was very brief, “No.” 
After sending the message, when she looked up again, she saw Isla walking past her with her head lowered. 
Keira calmly said, “If you don’t want people to find out, you shouldn’t do anything in the first place. You think I can’t find out about you and Finley?” 
Isla froze, then looked up with a smile on her face. “Keira, I don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t understand…” 
“No wonder despite being Miss Olsen, you’re so strapped for cash. You’re paying him every month. How big of a secret do you owe him?” 
Isla quickly retorted, “What nonsense are you talking about? How could I owe him any secret!” 
Her eyes flashed with a ruthless gleam. “Keira, I suggest you better figure out your own way out instead of wasting time on me!” 
Keira’s face turned cold. 
Seeing Isla about to leave, she asked, “Where is Poppy?” 
Upon hearing this, Isla instantly flared up. “That’s your mother, how would I know?!” 
Isla had been hiding the truth from Poppy after finding out from Finley, pretending that she didn’t know at all… 
That woman was too foolish! She feared that acknowledging Poppy would lead to Poppy revealing any clues… 
Therefore, Poppy had no idea that Isla already knew the truth about her roots. 
Leaving those words behind, Isla left. 
Keira followed her, eventually arriving at Mrs. Olsen’s ward. 
Through the glass window on the door, it was evident that Poppy wasn’t inside the room. 
Keira didn’t go in to disturb Mrs. Olsen. Instead, she left the building. 
She called Poppy, “Where are you?” 
A panic-stricken voice came from Poppy’s end. “Keira, what are you trying to do?” 
“I want you to come back and apologize to Mr. Horton.” 
The voice of Poppy suddenly grew shrill. “I won’t! Mr. Horton won’t let me off the hook! You apologize to him for me! You’re my daughter, and a daughter should pay for the mother’s debt!” 
Keira scoffed. “In that case, don’t blame me for calling the police.” 
Poppy roared, “Why would you call the police? I’m your mother! The person I tried to hit is you! A mother has every right to hit her child!!” 
Keira remained indifferent. “But this time the person you injured is Mr. Horton. Everyone has to pay for their own mistakes.” 
“You ungrateful thing! If I had known this is how you’d treat me, I should have drowned you when you were born! I should have thrown you into a manure pit or sold you to a brothel! You little slut!” 
Keira didn’t bother to listen to her any longer. She simply hung up. 
Regardless of their past conflicts, calling the police would only lead to a verdict of a family dispute. 
But this time, it was different. 
Poppy accidentally injured Lewis and was eventually sentenced to 48 hours in custody, in addition to a fine and medical fees. 
But the Horton Family wouldn’t care about that amount of money. 
Having dealt with these matters, Keira returned to Old Mrs. Horton’s hospital room. 
Lewis wasn’t in the room. 
The old lady explained, “He mentioned something about an important meeting and left for it. He’s downstairs in the car.” 
Keira nodded, she was silent for a moment, and then she spoke, “Granny, I’m sorry.” 
But the old lady waved her off. “We’re all family here, and there’s no need for such formalities. Besides, seeing that brat sticking up for you made me rather pleased!” 
Keira was slightly taken aback. 
Family… 
In this bustling world that was filled with people coming and going, she had always known that she didn’t have a family. 
But now, it seemed like she truly had a sense of home. 
Isla sold a bag in the second-hand market and gathered ten thousand dollars to give Finley. 
She also sent him a message, “Keep your mouth shut! Otherwise, it won’t end well for either of us!” 
Finley’s response arrived quickly. “Niece, don’t worry. Even if I can’t tell who’s richer between you and Keira, I still know who to side with.” 
Isla was still uneasy. 
She needed to marry Jake as soon as possible. That way, even if her identity was exposed in the future, she would still be the daughter-in-law of the Horton family! 
At nine in the evening, Jake suddenly came to look for her. 
Isla was excited. “Jake, why are you here?” 
Jake asked sternly, “Regarding Dr. South, are you sure you’ve settled things with him?” 
Keira’s words from earlier left Jake feeling uneasy. 
Isla hesitated, “Of course.” 
“Then arrange a meeting between me and Dr. South.” 
Isla anxiously wrung her hands. “Dr. South is currently abroad. I’ll arrange it when he comes back. Jake, do you have any problems you need help solving? I can contact him for you.” 
Jake watched Isla suspiciously. “My questions are sent to your email. Send them to Dr. South. Have him help solve the problem.” 
“Okay, I’ll forward them right away.” 
To prove her point, Isla immediately sent the email, “Dr. South usually responds to my messages instantly. Jake, just wait a moment.” 
In the VIP hospital ward, Keira’s phone vibrated once. 
She took a glance and saw that it was an email from Mrs. Olsen, 
“South, can you help me solve this problem?” 
Keira guessed what was happening. She opened the attachment, which indeed contained a technical issue from the Horton Group!! 
Isla was actually asking for her help under the guise of Mrs. Olsen!! 
Keira let out a scoff and replied to the message. 
Ding! 
The email alert chimed, and Isla breathed a sigh of relief. “See, Dr. South responds quickly to me. I’ve received his email!” 
Then, Isla opened the email….
###Chapter 41 - 41: Rejection
Chapter 41: Rejection 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
After graduating from university, Isla had been working in the Olsen family business. 
She knew Mrs. Olsen’s email password like the back of her hand and had studied the content of emails between Mrs. Olsen and Dr. South. 
She noticed that Dr. South would reply to Mrs. Olsen instantly without asking extra questions and would solve the issue at hand right away. 
He clearly held Mrs. Olsen in high esteem. 
That was why Isla dared to fabricate the lie that Dr. South had accepted the Horton Group’s invitation. 
With a smile on her face, Isla opened the email and saw the reply. 
“I’m only responsible for the Olsen family. I’m not required to deal with issues concerning the Horton Group.” 
Isla’s smile froze. 
Seeing that she was upset, Jake asked with a frown, “What’s wrong?” Regaining her composure, Isla lied. “Dr. South said that it would take a few days to solve this issue…” 
Jake heaved a sigh of relief. “That’s normal. This issue is indeed challenging, but I have a bet with Kei… I mean, the people of Group One that we’ll have a solution before Friday. Is that okay?” 
Isla said confidently, “No problem.” 
But her eyes were flickering. 
He said he had a bet with Keira! 
Jake quickly returned to the Horton family. 
Thinking about Keira, he felt somewhat uneasy. 
Oliver, his father, smiled at him and patted his shoulder, which was quite unusual, and praised him. “Here comes my amazing son! You actually managed to invite Dr. South, and you’ll quickly establish yourself in the R&D department!” 
Jake was pleasantly surprised. “Dad, don’t worry. I’ll work much harder to help you regain your position of power!” 
“Good!” Oliver went to the master bedroom without any intention of going out again. 
“Jake, is your dad not going out to find that woman tonight? Is he staying home instead?” 
Jake’s mother, Melissa Knight, had tears of joy in her eyes. ‘You have to be better than that illegitimate daughter! Only then will your father change his attitude!” 
She wiped her tears. “Although old Mrs. Horton detests Isla, that girl did a splendid job this time! Okay, enough said. I’ll go tuck your father into bed.” Watching his mother happily enter the bedroom, Jake clenched his fists. Proposing to Isla and bringing Dr. South as part of the bargain was his correct first step. 
Having already made a choice, he wouldn’t have regrets. 
As for Keira, she had to be his! 
“Ah-choo!” 
Keira sneezed. 
She rubbed her nose and returned her gaze to her computer, reaching out blindly to get some water but realized she had already emptied his glass. 
She placed the cup back and continued to immerse herself in her work. 
All of a sudden, her vision dimmed. 
Looking up, she saw Lewis fetching her a glass of water and placing it on the side table. 
Keira was slightly baffled. “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome. It was nothing.” 
After that, he returned to his usual spot. 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at the two, unable to stop grinning. 
She felt she would see her great-grandson before long! 
What should she call the child of her grandson and her granddaughter-in-law? 
Old Mrs. Horton put on her reading glasses, picked up the dictionary and The 
Book of Songs, and started flipping through it… 
As the night grew deeper, the Shiba Inu named “Kitten” was bored and left old Mrs. Horton’s side. It wagged its tail at Keira and finally laid down and slept at Lewis’s feet. 
The next day, Lewis didn’t show signs of an injury and was still in his black suit. 
Burns were typically the most hurtful kind of injury, but he endured the pain without uttering a word since being injured. 
Keira couldn’t help but marvel at his resilience. 
As they left for work, Keira no longer felt awkward and got into Lewis’s car. Tom was sitting in the passenger seat and observed the two of them through the rearview mirror. 
His boss and Miss Olsen were each doing their own thing, not communicating or having a conversation, but he felt something subtly changing. 
The car soon arrived at the company, and Keira bid Lewis farewell as she got out. 
She was immediately stopped by Jake upon reaching the R&D department. He was standing in the rest area outside the elevator with a cup of coffee. “There’s an industry networking event about new energy sources tonight. All distinguished individuals from the industry have been invited, and Dr. South might attend.” 
Keira didn’t stop. “Then?” 
“The R&D department of Horton Group received an invitation. I could take you to broaden your horizons and network, which would be beneficial to your future career development.” 
“No need, thank you.” 
Keira entered the group office without looking back. 
Jake stayed where he was, his face grim. 
Jalen, yawning and wearing slippers, casually walked past him, and said mockingly, “Just an invitation, and you think you can buy her over? Keira isn’t that short-sighted!” 
Jake coldly replied, “Jalen, if you truly care for her, you should be encouraging her to follow me. You know that I can offer her better resources! Who do you think can attend this kind of gatherings?” 
Jalen looked at him. “At least I can take her there.” 
It was not surprising for Jalen to get an invitation, since he was the core member of the R&D department. 
Jake’s eyes glinted. 
Keira worked the whole day. 
At the end of the day, Jalen stopped her, “There’s a job tonight. Come with me.” “Alright.” 
Without giving it much thought, Keira only texted Lewis saying that she would be working overtime, and rode off with Jalen. 
They soon arrived at a commercial cocktail party. 
Jalen explained, “You stick with me later, and I’ll introduce you to some influential figures in the industry. Dr. South rarely attends these kinds of gatherings. Chances are he won’t be there, so don’t get your hopes up.” Keira understood and couldn’t help but chuckle. 
She was genuinely uninterested in these sorts of networking events, but since they were already there, they might as well check it out. It seemed that she hadn’t seen Samuel in a long time. 
As the two reached at the entrance, Jalen showed the invitation, preparing to bring her in, but was stopped by a staff member. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Riley, but we’ve been informed about the attendees from the Horton Group today, and your name is not on the list.” 
Jalen frowned. “How is that possible?!” 
His reputation in the circle was highly regarded, and ordinarily, such social gatherings were events he wouldn’t bother to attend. How could he not be allowed in?! 
Jake walked out with a glass of champagne and squinted, “Mr. Riley, there are a lot of tasks in Group One of R&D, and I thought you wouldn’t attend, so 1 declined on your behalf when they were preparing the list. I’m afraid it’s too late to add you back in now. You should head back!” 
Jalen was furious, “Jake, you’ve crossed the line! Why do you get to tum down the invitation on my behalf?” 
Jake coldly retorted, “Jalen, you must understand that your standing in the industry is due to the Horton Group. They invited you as a member of the Horton Group, and as the deputy manager of the R&D department, of course, I can decide for you!” 
Jalen was livid. 
People like him with real skills would be respected and given preferential treatment no matter which company they were in. If he were to leave the Horton Group, countless companies would want to hire him. 
Even the director of the R&D department wouldn’t dare to disregard him, and yet Jake, the deputy, was trying to pull rank on him?! 
“I advise you not to make a scene. We are all respectable people here. Surely, you wouldn’t want to be escorted away by security?” 
After Jake finished, he looked at Keira. “Keira, do you see it now? Without my approval, you can’t even get through this door!” 
Keira looked up calmly, “Is that so?” 
She took out her phone, opened the invitation from Samuel in her email, and handed it to the staff member..
###Chapter 42 - 42: Humiliation
Chapter 42: Humiliation 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira handed the invitation to the staff member. “Can I go in now?” 
With just a glance, the staff member immediately stepped aside respectfully “Please.”? y 
Jake frowned at this. “How did you get an invitation?” 
He took a step forward, looking at Keira’s phone. “Don’t tell me you took someone else’s invitation? They check identification here!” 
Then, he saw the name on the invitation and was stunned. 
At these industry gatherings, the nominal company and position of the invitee were typically written on the invitation. 
Jalen’s invitation wasn’t just issued in consideration of the Horton Group, but also due to his personal influence. 
The work unit was only added because he was part of the Horton Group. However, some guests had complicated backgrounds or were famous enough not to need such titles. 
The invitation in Keira’s hand simply read, “Keira Olsen”. 
Jake asked in shock, “In what capacity did you get this invitation?” 
“None of your business.” 
Keira calmly switched off her phone screen and looked at Jalen. “Shall we go in?” & 
Jalen had initially resigned to the fact that he might be at a disadvantage today and was regretting his inability to bring Keira in. He was taken aback by this sudden turn of events. 
He followed Keira into the banquet hall. “Where did you get the invitation?” 
Just as Keira was about to speak, Jalen cut her off. “It must have been arranged by her cousin, right? It doesn’t specify any company, so you aren’t beholden to anyone!” 
His face darkened. “Jake has crossed the line this time. I won’t let this matter go easily. When we get back to the company, I’ll have to go to…” 
Keira thought he was going to say that he’d go see the director of the R&D department or make a scene at the board, but surprisingly, he said, “I’ll go find my cousin and ask him to stand up for me!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
What happened to hating nepotism? 
Probably noticing her confusion, Jalen sheepishly scratched his nose. “I don’t hate nepotism. I hate useless people squatting in positions because of their connections. You don’t know how many people in the Horton Group are coasting by on their connections… Anyway, why should I tell you all this?” He picked up a glass of champagne. “Let me introduce you to a few people.” Before Keira had a chance to refuse, Jalen was already calling out, “Mr. King!” Keira could only follow him. 
The middle-aged man referred to as Mr. King was a senior in the industry, and a throng of people were already engaged in making small talk with him. 
He was very respectful to Jalen. “Mr. Riley, it’s rare for you to attend events like this. You finally have time to exchange views with us old-timers today?” Jalen responded with a laugh. “As a junior, I’m not at all qualified to share my views with you all. Today, I brought someone here to listen to your insights.” He pushed Keira to the front. “This is our company’s new talent. She resolved a major issue that’s been troubling me for a month. It’s only today that we found the time to leave the office!” 
A problem that could trouble Mr. Riley was definitely not a trivial one. 
Jalen deliberately mentioned it to give Keira a step up. 
Mr. King and the others indeed showed interest in Keira and turned to look at her with smiles. “Really? We can’t wait for you to introduce her to us.” Before Jalen could do that, a woman’s voice interrupted him. “Mr. King, long time no see.” 
Everyone turned to look and found Isla in a blue dress with her arm interlinked with Jake Horton. 
As soon as she opened her mouth, Mr. King and his companions immediately surrounded her. “Miss Olsen, it’s been a long time! Are you here today with Dr South?” 
Isla smiled. “I don’t know about that. I’m here with my fiance today. He also works in renewable energy.” 
Jake extended his hand to Mr. King. “I’m Jake Horton from Horton Group.” Mr. King suddenly realized who he was. “I see. You’re young Mr. Horton! What a pleasure to meet you!” 
“Miss Olsen, you and young Mr. Horton are a perfect match…” 
“Miss Olsen, we heard that Dr. South had been advising the Olsen Family. When 
Will he finally show himself so we can all learn something from him?” 
“Miss Olsen, what problems has Dr. South resolved for your family?” 
II II 
Everyone was crowding around Isla. 
Jalen and Keira were pushed to the edge of the crowd. 
“They’re doing it on purpose!” 
Jalen’s expression darkened further, and then he said, “But all of them combined can’t compare to Dr. South. Samuel Morgan will be here later. You can have a few drinks with him.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Jalen continued. “You don’t need to feel awkward. Just thicken your skin a little So many people want to get to know Samuel. I’m still not familiar with him up till now…” 
Keira twitched her mouth. “I can introduce you to him later.” 
Jalen, however, dismissed it offhand. “You should get to know him first.” At that moment, a commotion erupted at the entrance. Keira turned to look and saw Samuel arrive! 
He was wearing a light grey suit with one hand in his pocket. His face was expressionless, quite unlike his usual talkative self in front of her. 
Seeing him, the crowd immediately rushed over. 
“Mr. Morgan, long time no see!” 
“What project have you been busy with recently? Which direction?” 
II II 
Isla and Jake didn’t immediately follow them. Instead, they walked toward Keira. 
A smile appeared on Isla’s face. “Keira, do you need me to introduce you to Mr Morgan?” 
Jake looked somber. “Considering she could get the invitation, she must have extensive connections. I bet she’s known Mr. Morgan for a long time and doesn’t need your introduction.” 
Isla said, “Is that so? Mr. Morgan has always been unapproachable. Not everyone can go up and start a conversation with him. I was thinking… Never mind, I won’t be teaching my grandmother to suck eggs.” 
Disregarding their sarcastic comments, Jalen picked up a glass of champagne from the side and handed it to Keira, giving her a little nudge. “Go and toast Mr. Morgan.” 
Jake scoffed. “Horton Group won’t use sex to serve others! More importantly, did you think Samuel Morgan was the lecherous type? So many beautiful women have tried to seduce him to get information on Dr. South, yet he’s remained indifferent! Do you really think you’re so beautiful that you can seduce anyone?” 
Isla nudged. “Jake, let’s go meet Mr. Morgan.” 
Jake nodded, and the two of them walked toward Samuel Morgan, while Isla called out, “Mr. Morgan!” 
Samuel didn’t look their way at first, but upon hearing his name, he glanced in their direction. Seeing Isla, he pursed his lips and was about to look away. He then suddenly noticed the person behind her! 
Samuel was initially taken aback, then he walked excitedly toward Keira! 
Seeing Samuel’s reaction, Isla was overjoyed. 
She had encountered Samuel a few times after she started working at the Olsen family’s company, but Samuel was always aloof and ignored her. 
She hadn’t expected him to acknowledge her in front of outsiders. 
Jake straightened up as well. Seeing Samuel Morgan’s reaction, he thought Dr. 
South held a high opinion of Isla! 
The duo greeted Morgan with smiles on their faces. 
Isla began to introduce Jake, “Mr. Morgan, this is…” 
But before she could finish, Samuel breezed past them, heading toward the person behind them. 
Both were dumbfounded and turned around to find Samuel standing in front of 
Keira.. “What are you doing here?”
###Chapter 43 - 43- Identity
Chapter 43- Identity 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Everyone was stunned. 
At these kinds of gatherings, Samuel always held himself aloof. When had they ever seen him this enthusiastic? 
And the way he spoke to her… 
What was the background of this twenty-something young woman? 
Isla clenched her fists, feeling a burning sensation on her face… 
Jake frowned, his gaze shifting between Samuel and Keira. “You two know each other?” 
Samuel looked at Keira and hesitated to speak. 
He didn’t know if his boss wanted to reveal her identity. 
Sure enough, the next second, Keira raised the champagne in her hand to 
Samuel with a warning look in her eyes. “Mr. Morgan, hello. I’m too young to 
bear this formality.” 
Samuel took the hint and cleared his throat. “Miss Olsen, I didn’t expect to meet you here, so I was overly excited. 
At his words, everyone looked at Keira’s stunning face and seemed to 
understand something. They all broke into laughter. 
Mr. King walked over and teased, “Mr. Morgan, truly, you have good taste! 
She’s indeed a rare beauty!” 
Samuel quickly returned, “Miss Olsen is not only beautiful but also incredibly capable!” 
Mr. King was taken aback. 
Jalen had just praised Keira as well… 
He finally took her seriously. “Miss Olsen, this is my business card. I hope we 
have the opportunity to work together in the future.’ 
After Mr. King, the rest of the crowd quickly chimed in. 
-To be praised by Mr. Morgan, Miss Olsen must be extraordinary.” 
“Such accomplishment at a young age… 
Keira wasn’t fond of these gatherings and just responded with a faint smile. 
Jalen, on the other hand, was chatting and mingling with them. 
As Jake watched Keira shine like a newly risen star, he felt a discomfort in his chest. He scoffed. “No matter how capable she is, can she be more capable than 
Dr. South?” 
At his words, the crowd fell silent. 
Samuel raised an eyebrow and revealed a meaningful smile but said nothing. 
Keira was calmly holding her champagne glass, with no intention of responding. 
in the end, it was Mr. King who broke the awkward situation. “The highest level in the industry, of course, would be Dr. South! But Miss Olsen is so young with such a promising future! I heard from Mr. Riley that you’re also working for the Horton Group? Young Mr. Horton, your company attracts such talent all t e time!” 
Keira couldn’t help but approve of his words. With this triple compliment no one was offended, and Jake was flattered as well. He didn’t say anything else. The lively atmosphere returned, and everyone continued their laughter and conversation. 
Samuel didn’t dare to bring the topic back to Keira again, and the crowd’s attention was quickly back on him, asking him about Dr. South’s whereabouts. 
Keira took this opportunity to slip out of the crowd. 
The lobby was brightly lit. Everyone dressed smartly and was toasting and exchanging drinks. 
Although the place was full of people, Keira didn’t enjoy the liveliness. On the contrary, she found it more comfortable when she was in the hospital with the old lady and Lewis in one room while each was minding their own business. 
She walked onto the balcony, took out her phone, and found a message from Lewis. “I just happen to be at the Royal Hotel for a meeting. We can go back together when it’s over.” 
Keira smiled and suddenly felt like leaving. 
It was entirely acceptable to leave such an occasion early. 
Jalen followed her out. “No wonder you said you’d introduce me to Samuel 
Morgan. You two know each other so well!” 
Keira didn’t deny it and gave him a light smile. 
jalen recalled what happened at the banquet just now. Although Samuel was talking to others, his gaze always seemed to drift toward her… Samuel must be interested in Keira! 
They were all grown-ups. Samuel was handsome and capable; he would be a good choice. 
So he asked, “What do you think of Samuel?” 
Keira considered the question and answered, “He’s dependable, hard-working, and trustworthy.” 
He was a very useful subordinate! Otherwise, she wouldn’t have entrusted him with full control of the company. 
jalen’s eyes lit up. “So, you’re saying you’re also attracted to him?” 
If Keira could really be with Samue, he would surely introduce her to Dr. South. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Only then did she understand what Jalen meant, and she was about to laugh and reply when a cough suddenly came from nearby! 
The two of them turned their heads and saw Lewis standing on the balcony of the next banquet hall. 
He was half a head taller than Jalen. At this moment, his expression was dark, and his black eyes were cold as they watched them. 
Lewis didn’t expect to bump into them by such a coincidence either. 
As he walked by, he happened to hear their conversation. The few praises Keira had for Samuel Morgan made him feel inexplicably uncomfortable. 
He harshly reprimanded Jalen, “Miss Olsen is already married. What are you messing around here for? It’s absurd! 
Jalen felt somewhat aggrieved. 
He didn’t know that Keira was married. Why was his cousin suddenly angry at him? But… 
He quickly looked at Keira. “You’re married? Does Samuel know?” 
He didn’t want Samuel to be turned down and became resentful. Samuel might target Keira… 
Keira nodded. “Yes.” 
jalen finally breathed a sigh of relief, and then asked curiously, “You’re so young. Why did you get married so early? Who’s your spouse? You’re so dedicated…” 
Keira glanced at Lewis without saying anything. 
Lewis simply said, “You talk too much.” 
Jalen was speechless. 
He had a feeling his cousin was acting strange today! 
Lewis narrowed his eyes, turned to Keira, and asked, “I’m ready to leave. Are you coming with me?” 
Keira immediately nodded. “Sure, I’ll meet you at the entrance.” jalen hastily followed her. “Wait for me. I’m coming with you!” Back in the banquet hall. 
Seeing Jake’s gloomy face, Isla felt uneasy. 
Did Keira know Dr. South as well as Samuel? 
just as she was thinking about this, Jake had already walked up to Samuel. “Mr. Morgan, does Keira know Dr. South as well? 
The people around immediately gazed at him. 
Samuel could imagine that if he said “yes”, these people would probably rush toward Keira and force her to reveal her relationship with Dr. South… 
He cleared his throat. “How could that be possible?” 
Isla and Jake both breathed a sigh of relief. 
Samuel noticed Keira walking toward the exit and quickly said, “I have some errands to run. I should leave now. We’ll talk later.” 
Everyone smiled meaningfully when they saw him chase after Keira. 
Jake’s face darkened even more. 
Samuel caught up with Keira at the entrance. “I need to go abroad to discuss a project tomorrow. I’ll be taking the company seal and patent descriptions. I just wanted to let you know.” 
Keira nodded. 
Only then did Samuel leave. 
After he left, Keira suddenly noticed the strange look in Jalen’s eyes. 
He stared at her. “Something’s not right. If Mr. Morgan is going abroad, why is he reporting to you? Could it be…” 
He gave her a dumbfounded look. 
Keira hesitated for a moment then sighed. “Okay, I admit it. I am Dr. South..”
###Chapter 44 - 44: Tell Her
Chapter 44: Tell Her 
Translator Henyee Translations 1 Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira’s identity wasn’t something she needed to keep a secret. 
She had no intention of hiding it from her team. 
As long as there wasn’t any widespread proclamation, it should save her from any unnecessary trouble. 
So, when Jalen sensed something was amiss, she decided to just come clean. Upon hearing her words, Jalen was startled. 
He stared at Keira in disbelief. 
Then he suddenly let out a chuckle. “You do have a sense of humor.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Jalen said, “I may not have met Dr. South, but I know for sure that to have academic talents like him, one must be at least in their forties. You can’t fool me.” 
Keira twitched the corner of her lips. “No, really, I am Dr. South.” 
“Heh, so you thought saying that would get rid of my suspicions?” Jalen looked her up and down, furrowing his eyebrows. “Don’t tell me you’re having an affair with Samuel.” 
Keira said, “You have quite a vivid imagination!” 
What in the world! 
Jalen frowned, advising her, “Don’t do that kind of thing. It’ll humiliate us all. It’s not good. I really look down on cheaters. We’re all respectable people. If you don t love your husband, just divorce and remarry…” 
Just as he said those words, he suddenly felt a chill down his spine as if there was a murderous intent! 
He turned around and found Lewis striding out, his deep eyes as cold as ancient ice, making Jalen feel as if he was chilled to the bone. 
Jalen was even more puzzled. “Lewis, did your business deal not go well today?” Lewis looked away. “You talk too much.” 
Jalen was speechless. 
Keira noticed that Jalen, the fearless heir, was most afraid of his cousin. 
At this moment, a flashy yellow sports car pulled up in front of them. Samuel whistled at her. “Miss… Olsen, I just got this car. How about I give you a ride?” He was eager to show off to his boss! 
Thinking about Keira’s driving speed, he wanted to make her scream! 
Keira caught the hint in his eyes and was about to refuse, but Lewis suddenly spoke up. “It’s out of your way.” 
Samuel smiled. “Wherever she’s going, it’s on my way!” 
II II 
Keira was a little speechless and subconsciously looked at Jalen. The suspicion in his eyes had deepened. 
She didn’t notice that Lewis’s face had darkened. 
Lewis glanced at her, his sharp eyebrows furrowing slightly as he advised softly, “After drinking, don’t get in a stranger’s car.” 
Keira raised an eyebrow, looking at Samuel. “I think I’ll ride with Mr. Horton.” “Alright.” 
Samuel hung his head, seemingly less interested. “See you, then.” 
“Vrooom…” The sports car roared to start and quickly disappeared out of sight. 
It was then that Lewis’s black Bentley slowly rolled up. 
The extended version of the Bentley felt much sturdier and safer than that thin sports car. 
Tom ran over to open the door. 
Lewis gestured for Keira to get in first, then he got in the car. 
When Jalen was about to get in, he was stopped. “Don’t you have a car?” 
Jalen said, “I drank today.” 
“I see,” Lewis responded indifferently. “Then you can take a cab.” 
Jalen was speechless. 
What happened to “don’t get in a stranger’s car after drinking”? 
The car door closed, and the Bentley mercilessly drove off, leaving Jalen standing there alone. 
The car steadily drove down the road. 
Outside the car window, kaleidoscopic neon lights poured into the compartment as Lewis’s gaze brushed over the woman sitting next to him. Streetlights cast on her beautiful face, bathing it in a faint halo of light. Lewis was momentarily lost before suddenly speaking up, “Miss Olsen, could you help me change my bandages?” 
At these words, Keira paused. She slowly raised her head to look at him, seemingly taken aback, “Now?” 
“Yes,” Lewis nodded. “If we wait until the hospital, my grandmother will be upset if she sees it.” 
So that was it. 
Keira breathed a quiet sigh of relief. “Okay.” 
He undressed, turning his back toward her. 
Keira turned on the ceiling light in the car and looked at him. 
This was the second time she saw him half-naked. He was surprisingly muscular despite his slender appearance when he was dressed. He was radiating an exuberant sense of power… 
She focused her attention on his wounds. The blister hadn’t reoccurred because he had a quick metabolism, typical for a young man. 
She sighed in admiration before taking out gauze and ointment from the first aid box to change his bandage. After applying the ointment, she prepared to wrap the gauze around his wounds. 
She knelt on the back seat and reached around Lewis’s body. She was just about to sit back up when… 
Whoosh! 
The car suddenly swerved, causing Keira to fall into Lewis. Her face landed on his shoulder. 
Lewis soon steadied himself by pressing his hands on the seat. 
But then he felt Keira’s arms around him. Her soft hands instinctively held 
onto his chest, instantly making him stiffen. 
Then he felt her soft lips lightly touching his shoulder… 
His breath hitched, feeling as if that area of his skin had become sensitive like 
a thousand ants crawling from his shoulder to his limbs… 
Lewis froze, his mind blank for a moment. 
Keira noticed his unusual reaction and thought she might’ve hurt his wounds. As soon as she steadied herself, she immediately pushed him away and asked, “Mr. Horton, are you in pain?” 
Her words finally helped Lewis to find his voice again. He said hoarsely “I’m fine.” 
only then did Keira breathe a sigh of relief. She continued to wrap his wound with the gauze. 
Lewis immediately put on his shirt and sat there with a straight face. He felt that the space inside the car was too narrow and the air was insufficient. It was extremely stuffy. 
Thinking about those two hands and the remaining sensations on his shoulder he loosened his tie. 
As soon as the car arrived at the hospital and came to a halt, he abruptly opened the door and bolted out, heading upstairs without looking back. 
Keira slowly got out of the car, watching him leave. She couldn’t resist asking 
Tom, “How much did he lose in the negotiation tonight to be so angry?” 
Tom rolled his eyes in his mind. 
The acquisition tonight cost a hundred million less than the budget. His boss was very happy! 
However, he didn’t say anything and just quickly followed Lewis. 
Keira shook her head slightly, ready to go upstairs, when suddenly a shadow 
darted in front of her, grinning, “My dear niece!” 
It was her uncle, Finley. 
He glanced at the Bentley behind him, then turned back to watch Lewis with shifty eyes. “Mr. Horton must think very highly of you. Has he given you any money?” 
Keira narrowed her eyes and couldn’t help but laugh. “Of course. Not only Mr. 
Horton but Old Mrs. Horton also gave me some.” 
Finley’s eyes lit up instantly. 
Keira then said, “By the way, put a price on the truth you mentioned last time.” 
Finley was taken aback. 
He said sincerely, “I can only get a payoff from you for that truth, so you need 
to pay enough, and then I’ll reveal it.” 
Keira was fiddling with her phone. 
In no time, Finley’s phone buzzed with a notification of a bank transfer of thirty thousand dollars. 
He was overjoyed. 
Keira said, “That’s a deposit. I have another seventy thousand here. Tell me, and it’s all yours. Of course, I have to first determine whether your truth is ’ worth this money.” 
“Yes! It’s definitely worth it! It’s related to you!” Terrified that the deal would slip through his fingers, Finley said hastily, “I’ll tell you right now!”
###Chapter 45 - 45: Family
Chapter 45: Family 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira narrowed her eyes. “Speak.” 
Finley took a step forward, lowering his voice. “This truth of mine, even if I sell it to you for a hundred thousand dollars, it’s still a bargain. The Olsen family is so rich…” 
“Does the truth have something to do with the Olsen family?” 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
“Yes.” 
Finley gave a sneaky smile, “Actually, you re… 
Before he could finish his sentence, an angry voice ran out, “Finley Hill, Keira 
Olsen, what are you two doing?!” 
Keira turned her head, only to see Isla, disheveled and still in her party dress, running toward them. 
Finley chuckled, “I’m just doing business with my niece!” 
Isla clenched her fists. “I already gave you the money!” 
Finley shrugged: “But I need more money now.” 
“How much more?” 
Isla took a deep breath. “I’ll give it to you!” 
Finley laughed. “Just now, my niece promised me a hundred thousand dollars!” 
Isla tightly clenched her fists. 
Finley heaved a sigh. “I guess I’ll make a deal with my niece.” 
“I have the money!” 
Isla gritted her teeth. “You go first, I’ll give you the money tomorrow.” 
“Okay.” 
Finley turned around and ran off, speaking to Keira as he did so. “My dear niece, consider that thirty thousand a loan…” 
He ran off quickly, afraid that Keira would demand the money back. 
What a deadbeat! 
Keira remained unperturbed. 
If she wanted to get her money back, she had plenty of ways. 
She turned and walked toward the hospital building. 
Behind her, Isla answered her ringing phone. “Hello, Jake.” 
Jake asked, “Isla, I remember Mrs. Olsen is from Clance. Ask her if she knows anyone from the Allen Family.” 
“The Allen Family?” 
“Yes the head of the family is named Frankie Allen. I just received news that my uncle wants to sign a contract with the Allen family, but he doesn’t have any connections yet.” 
Isla instantly saw light. 
Jake wanted to use the Allen family to reinforce his standing in the Horton 
Group. 
She answered, “I’ll ask my mom in a bit. 
After hanging up, Isla calmed herself down. 
If she could marry into the Horton family, a hundred thousand dollars would be nothing! 
She needed to think of a way to connect with the Allen family! 
Mrs. Olsen was staying in a second-floor VIP ward, and old Mrs. Horton was on the third floor. Keira and Isla ascended the stairs together. 
When they reached the second floor, they saw a mother talking to her son. The mother said happily, “Your third aunt called just now, saying she has introduced you to a rich girl. You must go for the blind date!” The son complained, “Mom, my wife just needs surgery, and she’ll be cured. 
Why should I date someone else?” 
The mother said anxiously, “Didn’t you hear what the nurse said? The operation will cost seventy thousand dollars, not to mention the post-op care, which will cost more. Where will we get that kind of money?” 
The son pondered for a moment. “Let’s sell the house. She bought it with her dowry.” 
The mother shook her head in disapproval. “We can’t sell the house. If she dies, you could still find someone better when you have a house. If you lose the house, you lose everything! After having lived together for two years, consider the house compensation for your wasted youth! 
The son was taken aback. “That doesn’t seem right. She fell out with her family 
for me.” 
The mother sneered. “It’s precisely because she fell out with them that she hasn’t been in touch with her family these two years. She can’t expect support from her family, and nobody cares whether she lives or dies.” She lowered her voice. “We’ll just say we have no money and take her home. 
Once she’s dead, which will happen very soon, you can marry the girl from t e blind date… This one has nice wide hips, which is a good sign for childbearing^ She won’t be like your wife, who’s from a good family but doesn’t have enoug luck to enjoy it!” 
The son squinted, suddenly interested. “Then let’s not treat her!” Although the pair lowered their voices, the hallway was very quiet and had echoes, thus Keira heard everything clearly. 
She paused. 
She found the mother-in-law very wicked, and the son was equally disagreeable. 
She wondered which unfortunate girl had encountered such a hideous pair, just as she thought of this, she felt something and looked toward the direction of the corridor. A frail girl with a very pale complexion dressed in a patient s gown was standing by the door. 
The mother and son also saw her, and their expressions changed dramatically. 
The son spoke up, “Rebecca…” 
The girl named Rebecca said, “Call my dad. He’ll give me the money for the medical fees…” 
The mother scoffed. “We already tried, but as soon as they saw it was my son s number, they hung up. You severed ties with them. Why are you looking for them now?” 
Leaning against the wall and barely managing to stand there, Rebecca was quivering all over. She was so weak that she almost couldn’t speak. She said to the son, “Then give me your phone. I’ll call my brother… 
The son blinked. “Don’t cause a scene. You’re seriously ill. The doctor doesn’t allow you to use the phone.” Without hesitation, he said, “Mom, you go handle the discharge procedure. I’ll take her home.” 
Rebecca tried to run but was too weak. She fell to the ground and used the last of her strength to latch onto Isla’s leg. She whispered, “Help me call my brother, please…” 
As Isla was about to go to the second floor, she was closer to the hallway. When she was grabbed, instead of feeling sympathetic, she immediately withdrew her leg! 
She rolled her eyes in disgust. “What do you want? For a guy, you severed ties with your family. Someone obsessed with romance never ends well. All of this is your own fault!” 
Seeing that she didn’t interfere, the mother and son sighed in relief. The son picked up Rebecca. “Rebecca Allen, your parents don’t want you anymore. I’m your only guardian now. You’re obliged to listen to me.” Rebecca was on the brink of despair… 
She knew that going home with this mother and son meant death… 
But she didn’t want to die. She knew she was wrong. She wanted to see her brother; she missed her parents… 
Regretful tears rolled down her cheeks, and Rebecca closed her eyes, just as she thought her life would freeze in this moment, an indifferent voice rang out, “Wait.” 
Rebecca opened her eyes, only to see the elegant figure stepping out from the shadows of the corridor. 
The woman’s beautiful face showed no emotion, as she walked up to her and simply said, “Phone number.” 
Tears flowed down Rebecca’s face. 
The mother yelled, “What are you doing? I warn you. Don’t meddle in other people’s affairs!” 
The son also said, “Even if you call, it’ll be useless! No one will answer.” However, Keira only looked at Rebecca, “The phone number.” Rebecca weakly recited a string of numbers. 
Keira took out her phone and dialed the number. 
The call was quickly answered, and a young male voice came from the other end. “Hello, this is Frankie Allen.” 
Keira instantly said, “Rebecca Allen is seriously ill and requires immediate surgery.” 
The person on the other end immediately became anxious, and she could tell that he was running. He asked, “Where is she? 
Keira gave him the name of the hospital. 
The man said, “I happen to be in Oceanion for work. It will take me half an hour to get there!” 
“Alright.” 
After hanging up, Keira turned to the mother and son. “Until her brother arrives, no one is allowed to take her away.” Hearing that, Isla snickered, “You’re so meddling. Be careful when her family arrives.. They might blame you for this!”
###Chapter 46 - 46: Arrival
Chapter 46: Arrival 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
With teary eyes, Rebecca asked, “My brother… 
“He said he would be here in half an hour. Don’t worry.” 
Rebecca felt a bitter feeling inside her chest. 
She met and fell in love with her husband in college, and they got married after graduation. Her parents and brother didn’t approve of their marriage. Ignoring her family’s ions, she joined her husband in Oceanion under his vows of eternal love. 
Over the past two years, her brother and parents had made countless calls, urging her to come home. 
She said she’d show them that she would be happy in Oceanion. 
Her parents remained silent, and only her brother made one request. He told her not to tell her husband about her family’s wealth for the first two years as a test. 
Rebecca was the family’s treasure, and she had been pampered all her life 
without doing a day’s work. 
After settling in Oceanion, she took advice from her mother-in-law and strived 
to be a good wife and mother. 
Every time she called her mother to tell the latter that she’d learned to cook, clean, and scrub the floors until they sparkled, her mother would cry, saying that she had been raised in luxury, not for such menial tasks. 
But Rebecca didn’t mind. 
As long as they could make it through two years, she would bring her husband home, and they would reunite as a family. 
But never in a million years did she imagine that she might die here! 
All because of a mere seventy thousand dollars… 
At this moment, she finally understood what her parents meant. 
She was degrading herself! 
Rebecca tried to look at Keira again. 
She wanted to remember the face of her savior! 
Just then, she heard her husband’s voice. “Do you think you can get any benefits from helping her, in anticipation that her brother would reward you? You’re dreaming! Her family has no money. Even if they do come, knowing how much it costs, they would only give up! As for you, they’d feel you’re meddling in their business!” 
Rebecca’s vision grew dark with anger. She pleaded, “My brother won’t abandon me… Honey, my family has money… For the sake of our years together, hand me over to my brother. You can have my house…” “Your house?” Her husband sneered. “That house was bought after we got married and is considered a joint property! Besides, when we graduated from college, you were eager to elope with me to marry me. Your family doesn’t love you, which is why you ran away from home out of desperation. Am I right? In these two years, you’ve never kept in touch with your family. Why would your brother take care of you?” 
Eager to elope? 
Rebecca felt a surge of anger. She struggled to breathe and fainted! 
Seeing that she seemed to have stopped breathing, Keira immediately stepped forward, “She needs resuscitation!” 
■■She doesn’t need resuscitation!” Her husband abruptly stepped back and shouted, “My wife once said that she didn’t want to die in a terrible state. If she is seriously ill, she chooses to die naturally and doesn’t accept any measures of resuscitation. Don’t interfere with our private matters!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira clenched her fists tightly. 
What a vicious man! 
The mother-in-law also rushed forward, standing directly between Keira and the man. “What are you doing? Everyone, come and see. My daughter-in-law is dying, and her last wish is to die at home, but this person won’t let us leave!” She yelled very loudly, prompting patients and nurses around them to crowd around. 
Seeing this, the mother-in-law cried even harder. “Rebecca, why is your life so miserable? If this person hadn’t meddled in our affairs and delayed us, you wouldn’t have died in the hospital!” 
Keira frowned, knowing that arguing with them now would only waste time. She rushed to the husband, and reached out to grab the unconscious Rebecca! 
The husband tried to retreat, but Keira dislocated his arm. 
Rebecca slipped from his arms. Keira caught her and immediately started cardiopulmonary resuscitation! 
The head nurse rushed over when she heard the commotion. “What s happening?” 
The mother-in-law started crying and shouting, “Help us! My son and daughter-in-law have decided to give up treatment. This stranger won’t let us go-” 
With his arm dislocated, the husband was sweating with pain. Hearing the head nurse’s question, he cried out, “I’m her guardian! Before she lost consciousness, she told me that she found the illness unbearable and didn’t want to be resuscitated. She wanted to die with dignity. Look at what this woman is doing! Does my wife not even have the right to give up treatment?” The head nurse frowned, walking over to Keira, “Miss, you…” 
While performing CPR, Keira said, “This woman doesn’t want to die. I have called her brother, and he’ll be here soon.” 
The head nurse, equally anxious to save a life, quickly added, “Her brother is also her family, and therefore her guardian. If her brother does not give up on the resuscitation, we can continue the rescue! 
This statement stunned the husband and the mother-in-law. 
Isla, standing nearby, slowly spoke up, “Keira, you shouldn’t be forcing people like this. Even if she recovers, the surgery would cost a small fortune, and the subsequent costs for rehabilitation are unknown. Both the deceased and her husband have given up. Why did you insist on calling her brother? Even if he gets here, what’s the point? Every family has its own difficulties. You can’t morally kidnap others here…” 
The husband suddenly understood something and started crying out, “We don’t have any money, and my brother-in-law’s family is also poor! The surgery itself costs seventy thousand, and the monthly treatment expenses are up to ten thousand… My wife didn’t want to burden us and her family… I am so useless! I can only watch my wife die!” 
The cries of a grown man were quite moving. 
Every year, countless patients in the hospital chose to give up treatment. They had the right to choose death, and those around them immediately started accusing Keira 
“This woman is so young and hasn’t experienced the hardships of society…” “She’s so naive. With her foolish enthusiasm, she’s just delaying someone’s burial…” 
“…Wouldn’t this be considered a crime of damaging the deceased body? 
The mother-in-law continued to scream, “Everyone, help me to pull her away… Security! Come quickly! Someone here is tampering with a corpse!” As the security guard approached Keira, she spun around angrily glaring at everyone nearby, “You are all plotting for wealth while causing a death!!” 
The security guard paused. 
But the mother-in-law seized the opportunity, rushing over, and pulling at Keira’s hair, trying to drag her away. “Let go of my daughter-in-law! Don’t touch her body!” 
She couldn’t let Rebecca be saved! 
Keira’s scalp throbbed uncomfortably with the violent yanking of her hair, but it was a critical moment for the CPR, and she couldn’t let go. She kept trying to revive Rebecca despite the distractions. 
Even as the mother-in-law pinched her over and over again, she didn’t let up… 
Isla sneered. 
She found Keira really stupid. Being so kind-hearted would only get her embroiled in a huge problem. The mother and son were clearly not good people. She got herself mixed up in big trouble! 
At this moment, several luxury cars drove quickly into the parking lot of the hospital. 
Before the car could even stop, a tall man jumped out. 
Frankie Allen, with a stern look on his face, led a group of bodyguards in black suits, and they quickly rushed up to the floor!
###Chapter 47 - 47: Savior
Chapter 47: Savior 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
When Frankie rushed to the second floor, he immediately spotted his sister on the ground, receiving CPR! 
Rebecca was pale and weak, and the sight of her made his heart stop. 
This was a hospital. Why was such a primitive method of resuscitation being used? 
Where were the machines? 
Why weren’t the machines being used? 
A flurry of questions raced through Frankie’s mind as he saw a middle-aged woman beating the person performing CPR on his sister… 
She yanked at the woman’s hair, bellowing, “Go away! My daughter-in-law doesn’t need to be saved! Wouldn’t it be better if she just passed peacefully? We can’t afford her treatment! Are you trying to drive our family to bankruptcy?” 
Rebecca’s husband also said, “The cost of treatment is seventy thousand and the monthly medical fee is ten thousand. I’m useless!, Even if you bring my wife back, our family will still have to face this hardship. My brother-in-law’s family isn’t rich either, otherwise, my wife wouldn’t choose to give up…” 
Frankie’s face darkened. 
He wanted to kill those two people! 
He was in control of the Allen family, and he understood what was happening from just those sentences. 
His sister was pampered and spoiled since childhood, and any piece of jewelry from her room was worth more than seventy thousand, but now, she was getting killed by her husband and mother-in-law over that little amount of money! 
As he had this realization, he made his way to Rebecca without stopping. 
Rebecca’s mother-in-law saw that Keira wouldn’t move and noticed that Rebecca’s hand twitched, indicating that she had been revived. The woman flew into a rage and tried to scratch Keira’s face. 
She had long nails ready to disfigure Keira’s face! 
Keira, detecting that Rebecca’s heart had returned to a normal rhythm, as well as this elderly woman’s intentions, quickly twisted her head and grabbed the woman’s wrist while preparing to retaliate when… 
“Bang!” 
An unknown man suddenly kicked the elderly woman’s chest! 
The woman was kicked so hard that she tumbled backward, fell to the ground, and couldn’t speak as she clutched her chest. 
The husband, seeing what happened, pointed at Frankie and yelled, “Who are you? This is too much! Not only did you torture my wife’s corpse, but you even dared to lay hands on my mother! Call the police! I’m calling the police!” 
Corpse… 
Frankie kicked the husband away and instructed his bodyguards coming up behind him, “Show them a lesson and call the police. Tell them that these two people have attempted to murder my sister for money!!” 
Leaving behind those words, he hastily rushed to Rebecca and crouched down. “Rebecca, I’m here. Wake up…” 
Keira realized who he was and said in a calm voice, “Although her heartbeat is back, she still needs immediate surgery.” 
“Thank you.” 
On his way here, Frankie had already made arrangements with a doctor. He left those words and carried Rebecca away. 
When the police arrived, they quickly confirmed the mother and husband’s intent to murder for money and immediately arrested the two. The crowd that had gathered was told the truth, and they all gave Keira a thumbs up. 
Keira stayed behind to provide a statement to the police. 
Once she had signed her statement, she turned to go, only to see Isla still behind her. 
Isla was frowning. 
She could see that the “brother” who just arrived clearly held a high social position. If she had known that earlier, she would have let that stupid woman make the call. 
It was all Keira’s fault! She had stolen the spotlight again! 
Nonetheless… 
A mocking expression appeared in her eyes. “Keira, I didn’t expect you would be so desperate to climb up the social ladder. Seeing that the infatuated woman was from an excellent background, you must have put so much effort into saving her. What a shame. After everything, that ’brother1 didn’t even give you a grateful glance!” 
After making her mockery, she left for Mrs. Olsen’s ward. 
Keira watched her from behind, thinking back to how Isla had twisted the story around and how she was thinking only of personal gain now, she couldn’t help but find Isla spiteful. 
For one, Rebecca was in critical condition, and her brother would definitely have brought her for surgery immediately. Secondly, Keira saved a life, but she didn’t expect anything in return. 
She touched her scalp and gasped in pain. 
She had been pulled so hard by that elderly woman that it still hurt. 
She smoothed out her messy hair, sighed, pulled out her phone, and sent a message to Lewis before heading home. 
In the VIP ward on the third floor. 
Lewis thought back to what had happened in the car, and his heart beat faster. 
He frowned, suppressing his emergent feelings. 
He looked toward the door, but Keira still didn’t appear… 
Was she also feeling shy? 
He frowned slightly at the thought. 
Also? 
It took over half an hour for him to receive a message from Keira on WhatsApp. “Mr. Horton, something came up last minute. I’ll be going home for the night.” 
Upon receiving this message, Lewis strangely felt relieved. 
But he frowned involuntarily. 
What could be so important? 
Keira hailed a taxi home, took a bath, used a lot of conditioner on her hair, and finally managed to untangle it. 
Looking at the hair that had fallen, she felt a pang. 
Wasn’t hair also iron-rich? 
She ate a portion of liver for dinner, replenishing some of the iron she had lost, before taking out her laptop to continue with the unfinished work from the office. 
Nothing else happened that night. 
The next day, Keira arrived a the office early. 
She ran into Jalen at the office door. He’d gotten some sleep at home, and his dark circles had faded a lot. He was also less irritable. Seeing her come out of a taxi, he breathed a sigh of relief. 
“I went home last night and kept thinking that something was off. My cousin drove you home, so did that mean that you guys are now living together? Thankfully, you didn’t come to work with him this morning.” 
Keira was speechless. 
She usually did come to work with Lewis. 
But she didn’t bother explaining. 
Jalen walked to her side, glanced at her, and said proudly, “I know why my cousin had a bad mood yesterday. I heard that he wanted to sign a contract with the Allen family, but the head of the Allen family, Frankie Allen, seems to have a bad relationship with my cousin. He’s coming to the company to talk about business today, so my cousin must be feeling quite frustrated!” 
Keira paused. 
Frankie Allen? What was the name of Rebecca’s brother from the day before? 
She had missed Frankie when he came into the Horton Group building accompanied by a secretary. 
Rebecca’s surgery was very successful. She woke up this morning. Upon seeing her parents who had rushed overnight, the three cried together for a long time. 
Afterward, Rebecca asked about her savior… 
However, that young lady left the night before. 
Seeing his sister’s anxiety, Frankie promised that he would find her savior and express their gratitude properly! 
He had personally witnessed the efforts this woman went through to save his sister, hence deemed that the Allen family owed this woman a life. 
He only wondered what that young woman did for a living. Where did she work? 
As these thoughts were running in his head, he unexpectedly saw Keira, who was waiting for the elevator!
###Chapter 48 - 48: Solution
Chapter 48: Solution 
Translator: Henyee Translations I 
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Frankie was slightly surprised. 
The young woman he saw at the hospital the day before had her hair disheveled by Rebecca’s mother-in-law, so he didn’t get a clear look at her face. 
This young woman looked so much like her! 
Frankie picked up his speed, trying to approach her to confirm his speculation. 
However, just at that moment, the elevator arrived, and Keira and Jalen entered it. 
By the time Frankie got there, he only saw the elevator doors slowly closing. What an unfortunate coincidence. 
Frankie wasn’t in a hurry, for the young lady had left her phone number when she called him the night before. 
After the negotiations with the Horton Group were over, he could call her to express his gratitude. He could discuss a proper way to thank her with his family. 
Sech ?ew?o?e?/o?g o? ?oo?l? 
Keira didn’t see Frankie. She went to the R&D department with Jalen. 
As soon as they entered the office, they saw their colleagues pulling their hair out in front of their computers. 
“Tomorrow is Friday, and Vice President Horton is really making things difficult for us by asking us to submit the plan!” 
“I think we can give up now. This task is impossible for a human to complete.” “Jalen went home to sleep last night. Does that mean he has given up?” “I wonder how Mr. Olsen is doing? Could she bring us a surprise?” Luca immediately said, “Don’t say that. It’ll put too much pressure on her. No matter how talented Keira is, she can’t be compared to Dr. South. Age is a factor…” 
Everyone nodded in agreement. 
When they saw Keira and Jalen, the group immediately started gossiping excitedly, “Jalen, did you meet Dr. South at the gathering last night?” 
Jalen rolled his eyes. “How could Dr. South possibly attend such a gathering? If he showed up, that bunch of people would eat him alive!” 
Did you meet Mr. Morgan then? Did he say what Dr. South is researching lately?” 
“No, he didn’t.”Jalen Riley suddenly looked at Keira. “But we could ask Keira. 
She seems to be on good terms with him.” 
What? Miss Olsen, you actually know Samuel Morgan! That means you might as well know Dr. South?” 
Everyone looked at Keira together, “Miss Olsen, could you introduce us to Dr. South if there’s a chance in the future?” 
Keira canned the group and saw their faces filled with joy and expectancy. 
She smiled faintly. “Sure, we might even work together someday.” Everyone burst out laughing at her words. 
Let s forget about that. I don’t even dare to dream of it!” 
“I am content just to see Dr. South in person!” 
“If we could get his guidance, it would be such a benefit!” 
II II 
Everyone laughed and talked, and finally, they began to work when Jalen started yelling angrily. 
Keira took her laptop to her own office. Before she entered, Jalen stopped her. “Don’t push yourself. The intensity of this project far exceeds our team’s capability. Our superiors are aware of this. They won’t let Jake hurt the team’s morale.” 
Listening to his words of comfort, Keira smiled. “Don’t worry. Trust me.” 
Jake stood outside the office, gazing at Keira. 
She had beautiful features, and the confident and bright smile on her face reminded him of her university days. It seemed like any hardship could be easily overcome in her presence. 
But where did her confidence come from? 
Apart from Dr. South, no one could complete such an arduous task in such a short time! 
He turned around, walked to the resting area, and called Isla on his cell phone. Before tomorrow, can Dr. South send me the solution?” 
Isla tried to stall. “Jake, Dr. South is very busy. He’s abroad…” 
Jake said irritably, “If you keep stalling, Keira Olsen and the others will solve the problem!” 
Isla sounded a little panic-stricken. “I’ll tell him to hurry up.” 
Jake narrowed his eyes abruptly. “Isla, you’re not lying to me, are you?” 
“Of course not. I’ll go and talk to Dr. South now.” 
Isla hung up and became frantic. 
These two days, she had been using Mrs. Olsen’s email to send Dr. South messages, but his replies were ruthless, saying that he was on a business trip and not to be disturbed! 
She wouldn’t be able to provide a solution by the following day. When Jake saw that she had lost her value, he might call off the engagement… 
No! 
She absolutely couldn’t allow that to happen. 
Determination suddenly flashed across her eyes, and she entered the ward to see Mrs. Olsen. “Mom, do you know the Allens from Clance? Jake wants to make contact with them.” 
Mrs. Olsen’s condition had been stable for the past few days, and she was ready to be discharged the following day. 
She had been reading a book in bed. Upon hearing Isla’s words, her fingers tightened, but then she looked up and said, “No.” 
Isla’s eyes flickered. 
Mrs. Olsen’s reaction clearly hinted that she knew the Allens but didn’t want to introduce Isla to them! 
Isla decided this selfish woman wasn’t fit to be a mother. 
She wasn’t like Poppy, who had always indulged her since childhood! 
Now that Mrs. Olsen was unwilling to help her, what should she do? 
Isla was truly in a panic. 
Keira didn’t work on the entire project on her own; her colleagues in Group One helped a lot. 
By the time they clocked out, the general plan was almost determined and just needed a bit more refinement. 
Keira brought her laptop to the underground parking lot. After getting into Lewis’s Bentley, she noticed that he wasn’t in the car. 
The driver explained, “Mr. Horton has an appointment tonight. He told me to send you home first.” 
Keira didn’t think much of it. “Alright.” 
However, Lewis didn’t come back the whole night. 
The next day. 
Keira brought the plan that she worked on overnight with her to work, full of excitement. 
As soon as she arrived in the research department, she saw Jake standing in the rest area with a cup of coffee, clearly waiting for her. “Just a friendly reminder, Keira, today is the last day. If you don’t submit the solution before the end of work, I win our bet, and you’ll have to take responsibility for what you said!” Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Did this man have nothing to do all day? 
She rolled her eyes and walked to her office, but Jake followed her, “If you work for me in the future, I won’t treat you badly. At least I can introduce you to Dr South…” 
Keira scoffed. “Don’t bother.” 
Jake said angrily, “I know you’ve got on good terms with Samuel Morgan and think you don’t need my help, but do you think he’ll introduce Dr. South to you? He just takes you as a plaything! If he had any real feelings for you, he would have helped you solve the problem!” 
“I don’t need help.” 
Jake laughed, “Really? Other people praise you as a genius, and you really begin to compare yourself to Dr. South, thinking you can come up with a solution?!” “My solution is already complete.” 
Keira’s laughing eyes were full of irony. “On the other hand, Vice President Horton, did you get Dr.. South’s solution yet?”
###Chapter 49 - 49’- Completion
Chapter 49’- Completion 
Translator: Henyee Translations . Editor. Henyee Translations 
Jake exclaimed in shock, “You’ve finished it? How is that possible?!” 
Having graduated in the field of energy, he was well aware of the complexity involved in the work. 
That’s why he didn’t find it odd when Isla said that Dr. South needed more time and hadn’t yet given him the solution. 
How on earth could Keira have finished so quickly? 
Keira narrowed her eyes. ”I’ll organize everything and send it to you later, and you’ll know. Jake, don’t forget what you promised me!” 
After saying this, she entered Group One’s office. 
As soon as she walked in, members of her group surrounded her. 
Luca, being vigilant, glared at Jake. “Keira, did he belittle you again with Dr. 
South?” 
Sech ?ew?o?e?/o?g o? ?oo?l? 
The rest of the members immediately chimed in. 
“Miss Olsen, don’t take him seriously!” 
“Exactly, being so competent at your age already makes you top-notch! Don’t compare yourself with Dr. South. 
-You’re already amazing! You’re so young, yet you’re more impressive than anyone else here!” 
Jalen came out of his office. 
From the looks of it, he must have stayed over at the company again the night before. 
He frowned and looked at Keira. “Don’t worry. I stayed up all night and figured out a rough solution to the problem. If we work extra time today, even if we can’t provide a complete solution, at least a suggestion is enough… 
He had also sent a WhatsApp message to his cousin, explaining the situation in the R&D department. 
Regarding Jake’s pressure on the department, Jalen knew that Lewis would support him! 
Keira was touched by their kind words. 
She smiled, “Thank you, but it’s not necessary. I’ve already finished it.” 
Jalen waved his hand. “You don’t have to worry about this anymore. I’ll talk to… 
What?” 
His eyes widened in surprise. “You’ve finished? 
The others also looked at her in disbelief, “Miss Olsen, what did you just say? 
Am I hallucinating from fatigue?” 
Luca laughed bitterly. “Keira, don’t joke around with us!” 
Keira laughed. “I’m about to send an email and I’ll cc everyone.” 
She walked into her office with her laptop. 
The department members and Jalen stood there, looking at each other, still in disbelief. 
It wasn’t until the sound of a new email pinged from someone’s computer that everyone returned to their desks and opened their email. 
Sure enough, they saw an email sent by Keira. 
Everyone immediately downloaded the attachments and opened them. The content left them stunned. 
For a moment, the department went quiet. 
Seeing everyone engrossed in reading the solution, Keira quietly left the office and headed to the rooftop. 
With her work completed, she intended to meet Lewis to retrieve the book on neurology. 
She hadn’t forgotten about making the medicine for old Mrs. Horton. 
Rooftop, inside the office. 
Lewis was reviewing some documents when Tom entered abruptly, “Boss, Miss 
Olsen is here to see you.” 
He paused, the pen leaving a trail on the paper. 
At the small of his back, it felt like he could still feel her soft touch, which slowly turned into burning heat. 
He moistened his lips, his voice deep. “Enter.” 
As soon as Keira entered, she saw Lewis sitting quietly there. He didn’t lookup and said softly, “I know about the research and development department. It’s alright if you guys can’t find the solution. The company has a complete set of rules and regulations that will protect your legal rights. 
Keira laughed. “I didn’t come here because of the R&D department’s issues. I came here because… I was thinking about you…” 
Her voice trailed off, and a sudden itch in her throat made her pause. 
Lewis’s hand shook, ruining a document that had just been printed. 
His throat tightened a little. He slowly looked up and saw Keira clearing her throat before speaking again. “I was thinking about your book, the one from 
the library.” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He took a deep breath but felt a little desolate deep down. 
He casually picked up that book from his desk and handed it to Keira. When she took it, he said lightly, “Next time, don’t stop in the middle of your sentence.” Keira happily took the book, oblivious to his strange remark, and said casually, “Right, thank you.” 
She then turned to leave. 
Only after she had left the room did Lewis drop his gaze. 
He laughed softly. 
Interestingly, Keira hadn’t taken the kiss in the car to heart while he had been overthinking it for two days… He was overreacting. 
What’s more, Keira already had a boyfriend. 
Lewis regained his usual calm and composure. 
Now that the R&D work was completed, Keira completely let go and spent the whole day researching Alzheimer’s disease. 
As it approached clock-off time, the quiet office finally stirred. 
The director of the R&D department and an angry Jake walked in. 
Jalen had just finished verifying Keira’s solution and found no problems at all. He excitedly informed the director, “Our company really struck gold this time. Keira’s solution will be as good as Dr. South’s! 
The director frowned, while Jake snorted. “Yeah, you’re right. They’re identical!” 
At first, Jalen didn’t catch his meaning. “Haha, she’s as good as Dr. South…” 
As he said this, he suddenly froze. “What do you mean?” 
“I mean, she stole Dr. South’s solution!!” 
After Jake finished speaking, he sneered at Keira. “In the afternoon, I received Dr South’s solution, and it’s almost identical to yours! I wondered how you seemed so composed, and it turns out you had this in mind! Did you think that because you sent your email earlier than Dr. South, the solution would be considered yours? Keira Olsen, you’re incredibly naive to think that by changing a few details we wouldn’t be able to tell! How dare you steal from Dr. 
South?” 
Jalen frowned. “There must be some misunderstanding here. Keira has been working in the company with us all these days. Some of the content was even completed by us…” 
Even though this part only accounted for twenty percent of the entire solution. Upon hearing this, Jake immediately responded, “What kind of misunderstanding? The two solutions are identical. Do you mean to say that rather than Keira stealing from Dr. South, Dr. South stole from Keira?! Do you think that’s possible?” 
One was a respected doctoral scholar, and the other was an undergraduate. It was clear who was more trustworthy. 
Jalen was rendered speechless. 
Keira frowned as she listened to their conversation. 
It was unlikely Dr. South would have sent an email to Jake, so the only explanation was that… 
Someone had forged her solution to seem as if it had come from Dr. South! Jake intended to use this opportunity to suppress her and her team. Was that it? 
What a joke. 
Keira said mildly, “Couldn’t there be a third possibility?”
###Chapter 50 - 50: Self-Proof
Chapter 50: Self-Proof 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The director was slightly stunned. “What third possibility?” 
However, Jake rebuked sternly, “Keira, stop making excuses here. I advise you to admit your mistakes obediently. The company may be lenient in punishing you for your first offense!” 
Jalen immediately turned his eyes to her. “Keira, explain to us. What exactly is going on?” 
Keira answered, “The third possibility is that Dr. South’s plan never arrived at Jake’s hand. He’s slandering me.” 
Upon hearing this, Jalen glared angrily at Jake. 
Jake, however, seemed surprised at her response. He chuckled and said, “When we were in school, I didn’t realize you had such a thick skin. Of course, I wouldn’t accuse you without solid evidence!” 
Jalen asked, “What evidence?” 
Jake pulled out his phone, opened a screenshot, and handed it to Jalen. “This is the plan that Dr. South sent to Isla last night. Isla was delayed due to an issue and forwarded it to me in the afternoon. From the timing, Dr. South’s submission was earlier than Keira’s! If that is not enough to clarify things, I have a witness!” 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
It turned out that the culprit wasn’t Jake but Isla! 
She thought back carefully. Last night after work, she passed by the second floor of the inpatient department. At that time, Mrs. Olsen went in for an examination, and Isla had a stomach ache. So, Keira went with Mrs. Olsen instead… 
At that time, Keira’s computer was left in the ward. 
But how could Isla know her computer’s password? 
Keira clenched her fists slightly. 
“Nothing to say now, is there?” 
With a cold laugh, Jake said to the general manager, “This incident is absolutely appalling. The company must deal strictly with Keira! If necessary, we can call the police! After all, she dared to steal Dr. South’s research. If Dr. South hears about this, I’m afraid he’ll never work with Horton Group again!” 
The general manager hastily spoke, “This scandal is also harmful to the company. Let’s hold off on reporting it to the police. The Administrative Department has already left for the day. How about this? First thing Monday morning, we’ll submit all the evidence to the Administrative Department to see what they decide to do!” 
Jake didn’t . He looked at Keira and said suggestively, “Spend the next two days thinking hard. If you realize your mistake, you can come to me. If your apology is sincere, I may consider not publicizing this matter and treat it as a minor blunder… But of course, if you don’t repent, don’t blame me for not considering our past as classmates!” 
Having dropped this hint, he and the general manager strode off. 
Once the two men had left, the members of Group One gathered around Keira. “There must be some misunderstanding here. Miss Olsen, did you ask Samuel Morgan for help?” 
Keira was touched that the team didn’t blame her. “Don’t worry. I’ll prove my innocence.” 
If she revealed her true identity and explained the situation, all the misunderstandings would be cleared up. 
However, Jalen didn’t believe her the last time… 
The patent certificate and company seal that could prove her identity had been taken abroad by Samuel for a project. 
It seemed he would return next Monday. 
Thinking about this, she smiled and looked at her colleagues around her. 
By that time, their expressions would surely be humorous… 
After leaving work, Keira went to the underground parking lot. 
She got into the Bentley but didn’t see Lewis. 
However, Tom was in the passenger seat. “Mr. Horton has a meeting to attend to. He’ll leave later.” 
Keira immediately said, “I can take a taxi.” 
“You don’t have to. Mr. Horton told me to drop you off first.” After Tom instructed the driver to start the car, he glanced at her, dissatisfied. “Miss Olsen, you shouldn’t rush things in your line of work. Dr. South is not someone you can interfere with casually. You created quite a stir in the R&D department.” 
Keira raised an eyebrow in response but remained silent. 
Tom continued. “Don’t think that being protected by old Mrs. Horton and the boss allows you to do anything you want. In the field of research, theft and plagiarism are the most intolerable!” 
Keira pulled out her earphones, put them in her ears, and blocked out his voice. 
Tom was speechless. 
The car soon arrived at the hospital. 
As Keira was climbing up the stairs, she was stopped by Taylor on the second floor. “Shirley wants to see you.” 
She followed Taylor to Mrs. Olsen’s ward. 
Mrs. Olsen was about to be discharged, and Aunt South had already packed her things but hadn’t left. They were obviously waiting for Keira. 
Mrs. Olsen saw her come in and immediately asked, “Keira, what’s this about you stealing Dr. South’s plan? I don’t believe that’s something you would do!” 
Taylor disdainfully said, “With the evidence now at hand, Jake only gave her a warning because she’s part of the Olsen family. What’s there to not believe? Shirley, you trust her too much! I’ve said long ago, that with the blood of Poppy Hill running through her veins, she can’t be a good person!” 
Mrs. Olsen shouted angrily, “Shut up! Keira, speak up. What’s going on?” 
Mrs. Olsen’s worried expression made Keira’s eyes a little moist. 
She knew that Mrs. Olsen genuinely cared about her. 
Just as she was about to speak up, Isla acted as if she had been wronged. “Keira, how could you be so foolish! I know you want to achieve something at Horton Group to earn more respect from old Mrs. Horton and Mr. Horton, but you can’t just take whatever you want! If you wanted Dr. South’s plan, you could have told me, and I would have given it to you! How could you steal it from my computer?” 
Steal? 
Keira let out a cold chuckle. 
As expected, Isla was behind everything! 
Taking a step forward, she asked, “Who’s the one who took things without asking?” 
Isla put on a wronged face. “What do you mean? Are you trying to have me cover up for you? Or should tell people that your plan is the same as Dr. South’s, and everything is just a coincidence?” 
Keira calmly responded, “Of course, it’s not a coincidence. You obviously stole my plan!” 
“Nonsense!” Taylor became so furious that he picked up a broom from the floor and started hitting her. “You made a mistake, and now you’re trying to throw dirt on your sister? You deserve a beating!” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately stopped him. “Taylor, don’t be so reckless!” 
Taylor yelled, “Shirley, did you hear that? She’s so arrogant! An undergraduate student is claiming that such a complex plan from Dr. South is hers! It’s just a joke, utterly ridiculous! She’s simply not worth your concern! She’ll have to bear the consequences of her own evil deeds!” 
However, Mrs. Olsen said, “But if Horton Group calls the police, Keira could end up in jail!” 
She took out her phone, “It’s really quite simple to deal with this matter. As long as Dr. South doesn’t pursue it, it will be fine. I’ll call South right now.” 
With that, she dialed Dr. South through WhatsApp voice call..
###Chapter 51 - 51: Identity
Chapter 51: Identity 
Translator: Henyee Translations ‘ Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira instinctively took out her cell phone. 
She didn’t really want to make a scene with Isla in front of Mrs. Olsen… 
Even if the truth came out on Monday through others, it would be better than having a face-to-face argument now. 
Mostly, she was afraid that Mrs. Olsen would get too agitated, which might affect her health. 
But now that Mrs. Olsen had called, she didn’t need to keep Isla’s secret anymore… 
Just as the call came in, Isla rushed up to Mrs. Olsen and immediately hung up the phone. “Mom, no!” 
Mrs. Olsen was stunned. She frowned and looked at her. “Why not?” 
Isla bit her lip, “I just spoke with Jake, and he suggested that we shouldn’t blow this issue out of proportion and handle it internally. If Dr. South were to find out, even if he doesn’t blame Keira, the Horton Group has to show some form of punishment as an apology to Dr. South, which may lead to a more severe punishment.” 
Mrs. Olsen paused slightly, “Is that so?” 
“Yes.” Isla looked at Keira, a flicker of cunning light in her eyes. “Keira, you are found guilty with full evidence, and you’ve offended Dr. South. It would be best for you to apologize promptly and submit a sincere letter of apology to the company. Then I won’t pursue your responsibility, and Mr. Horton will surely be lenient with you on behalf of the Horton Group.” 
As soon as he heard this, Taylor said, “Shirley, did you hear that? Nothing serious will happen to Keira. You just worry too much about everything…” Keira was silent, her gaze lowered to her own phone. 
If she were to call back now, the truth would be clear, but would Mrs. Olsen be able to accept it? 
Mrs. Olsen was such a pure and upright person. She only wanted her children to be healthy, and honest, and never to go astray. 
Could she accept that her own daughter was actually a devious person? 
Keira remained silent for a while and finally looked at Mrs. Olsen. She decided to lay the groundwork first. “Mrs. Olsen, I’m not that stupid. It wouldn’t be a big deal even if I couldn’t complete the project. I have no need to steal Dr. South’s solutions just to save face. Besides, have you ever thought about something? Did Dr. South agree to provide technical support to the Horton Group?” 
At her words, Mrs. Olsen pursed her lips. 
Isla interjected, “I’ve already explained this to Mom. I took her phone and called Dr. South without her knowledge, and he has already agreed.” 
Just as Keira wanted to refute, Taylor berated in rage, “Keira, you’re unrepentant! It was all in vain that Shirley cared so much about you! Isla has decided not to hold you accountable, and yet you still dare to try and pin it on your sister?!” 
He motioned toward the door. “Get out!” 
Keira gave Mrs. Olsen a long look, seeing the latter frown slightly, clearly not believing her. Keira sighed, turned around, and left the room. 
Her words would give Mrs. Olsen more room to think, and they could also serve as a buffer. When the truth came to light on Monday, hopefully, Mrs. Olsen won’t be too emotionally affected… 
As Keira left the room, she heard movement behind her. Turning around, she saw Isla rushing after her. 
Isla’s eyes flickered. “Keira, the Horton Group doesn’t really want to blow this out of proportion. I suggest you consider leaving voluntarily. That way, this whole thing will be over.” 
Keira chuckled. 
Isla had stolen her solution, and now she definitely wanted to calm things down quickly. 
In a cold manner, she stated, “We both know who stole whose solutions. There’s no need for hypocrisy here.” 
Hearing this, Isla lifted her chin in satisfaction. “Of course, you stole mine. 
There’s plenty of evidence, you have no chance to deny it.” 
Seeing Isla with no guilt in her eyes, Keira responded, “You think you’ve covered your tracks?” 
A cold glint appeared in Isla’s eyes. “Are you referring to Dr. South? Do you expect Dr. South to confront this issue himself? Keira, you’re so naive. This minor issue won’t bother Dr. South!” 
The implication was that Dr. South was completely unaware of this situation, nor would anyone bring it up with him. Keira had no choice but to carry this blame! 
If Keira wasn’t Dr. South herself, she might have been put in a passive position. 
Keira gave smiled. “Isla, when you walk on a dark road too many times, you’re bound to encounter ghosts.” 
Leaving this behind, she walked away. 
The smile on Isla’s face gradually faded until all that was left was spite. 
Lewis was really in a meeting. 
After the meeting ended at eight in the evening, he walked out of the conference room and happened to see a sneaky figure standing nearby. It was Jalen. 
When he heard the conference room door open, he came over. “Lewis, I have a favor to ask.” 
Lewis didn’t stop but walked toward the elevator. “Go on.” 
Jalen glanced around to make sure the other executives at the meeting were at a safe distance, he then briefly relayed the situation in the research and development department. In the end, he pleaded, “Keira just graduated and might have lost her way trying to make some achievements. Anyway, the company didn’t suffer any losses. Could you perhaps handle this leniently?” Lewis entered the elevator and pressed the button for the underground car park. 
Seeing that Lewis wasn’t responding, Jalen continued, “Lewis, I’ve never asked you for a favor before, but Keira is an invaluable talent. I really can’t bear to see her cut short her career…” 
Lewis gave him a cold glance, his deep eyes devoid of warmth. “You think she stole it?” 
Jalen stood there, stunned. 
Ding. 
The elevator arrived. 
Lewis strode out and headed straight for his car. 
Through the rear-view mirror, Tom saw his boss’s expression and cautiously asked, “Boss, you think Keira didn’t steal it? But if that’s the case, did Dr. South steal from her?” 
Lewis looked up and glanced at him but said nothing. 
Tom muttered to himself, “You do seem to trust her quite a bit.” 
Lewis leaned back in his seat, lost in his thoughts. 
It wasn’t that he trusted her, but there was an inherent pride in her that made him sure that she wouldn’t steal, nor would she need to. 
As for why her solution was the same as Dr. South’s, was it because of Samuel Morgan? 
He remembered that Keira had a boyfriend, and the two were in a hurry to get married… 
Was that man Samuel? 
The car soon arrived at the hospital. 
Lewis got out of the car and strode into the building, just as he saw Keira coming over. 
The lights in the corridor were dim, and most of the people were wearing striped patient gowns and looked worn out. 
Only Keira had a fair complexion. Her casual gait radiated a sense of vitality as if she were the only scenery in this hospital. 
Lewis’s expression unconsciously softened. 
The two met at the entrance to old Mrs. Horton’s ward. Lewis didn’t enter the room but asked indifferently, “Need any help?” 
Keira paused slightly and smiled, “No.” 
Lewis’s voice suddenly turned cold. “You don’t need my help, so are you going to Samuel? Well, I admit I overstepped.” 
Keira nodded, “I do need his help. He can better verify my identity.” 
At her words, Lewis paused and asked, “Your identity?”
###Chapter 52 - 52: Scumbag
Chapter 52: Scumbag 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Lewis narrowed his eyes. 
What identity? 
As Samuel Morgan’s girlfriend? 
At this moment, he pieced everything together in his mind. 
Keira wouldn’t steal the plan, and the solution was too complicated. Jalen said that no one but Dr. South could complete it in such a short time, so… 
Keira’s plan must have been provided by Samuel! But Samuel didn’t inform Dr. South; otherwise, Dr. South wouldn’t have sent it separately to Jake, causing this misunderstanding. 
The business world was complicated. Why did Samuel take Dr. South’s plan without notifying him? Would he really clarify things for Keira? 
Lewis asked uneasily, “Are you sure he’ll come?” 
“Of course.” 
“You trust him that much?” 
“Yes.” 
When had Samuel ever dared to disobey Keira’s orders? 
Her matter-of-fact attitude suddenly made Lewis feel a little frustrated. He 
only found her infatuated with love. 
Suddenly, he reminded her, “Miss Olsen, don’t forget we’re still husband and 
wife legally. I don’t want to start any rumors.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She looked at him with slight confusion, not understanding why he would 
suddenly say this. 
Seeing this, Lewis felt more frustrated. 
He loosened his tie and said sternly, “While our marriage is still legal, I hope 
you behave yourself.” 
Leaving these words, he strode into the ward. 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Did this man have an unsuccessful meeting today? How temperamental! His words were utterly nonsensical. 
She didn’t think too much about it, but followed him into the ward and went to accompany Old Mrs. Horton. 
Outside the suite. 
Lewis instructed Tom, “Look up Samuel Morgan’s information.” 
“Yes.” 
Tom worked very efficiently. Within half an hour, he gathered all the information about Samuel. “Boss, it’s sent to your phone.” 
Lewis opened the file on his phone and saw Samuel’s basic information. He was 27 years old, a brilliant student who graduated from Cambridge University. Three years ago, he became Dr. South’s agent, managing his company. In the past three years, he had been diligent and steady, and the company was now preparing to go public. 
Lewis continued to scroll down but found no more information. 
He frowned slightly. “That’s it?” 
Tom was bewildered. He had even found Samuel’s university transcripts, and the boss still felt it wasn’t enough? 
He asked with confusion, “Do you want…?” 
Lewis said lightly, “His personal life.” 
II II 
Tom’s mouth dropped open in surprise, but he soon recovered. “I’ll check it 
right away.” 
Half an hour later, Tom sent the information to Lewis’s mobile phone. 
Samuel was generous and went through girlfriends every three months. His ex-girlfriends had nothing but praise for him. 
At present, he was involved with several women, clearly not an ideal boyfriend. Thinking about Keira’s trust in him, Lewis chuckled. He took his phone and walked into the ward, prepared to show her this evidence. 
But as soon as he walked in, he saw his grandmother flipping through the dictionary with her reading glasses, and Keira squatted on the ground, playing with the dog. 
The little puppy raised its head, wagging its tail vigorously at her. 
Keira was smiling all over her face. 
She was incredibly beautiful. Her smile was breathtaking as if she was the purest scenery in the world, making people not want to destroy it. 
He paused, and his fingers tightened around his phone. 
Should he tell her this cruel truth? 
For a moment, Lewis was conflicted. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Old Mrs. Horton suddenly asked, looking at him suspiciously. 
Lewis pressed his lips together and quickly turned off his phone. “Nothing. However, old Mrs. Horton didn’t believe him. “You’ve been staring at your wife for so long. How could there be nothing? Do you have something to say to her?” Upon hearing this, Keira looked up, her eyes shining as she looked at him. 
Lewis was speechless. 
He felt a wave of heat rush up to his face, so he quickly averted his gaze and cleared his throat. “You seem quite lively, Granny. Are you ready to be discharged from the hospital?” 
Upon hearing those words, the energetic Old Mrs. Horton immediately clutched her chest, putting on a weak face. “You brat, my chest still hurts.” How could she let the young couple live together once she was discharged? 
She would be like a child of divorced parents, having to choose one side. 
Unlike now… 
On the second day of her stay, she remodeled the ward. 
She put two comfortable beds in the ward, one for her and one for her granddaughter-in-law, and a sofa bed in the outer living room for the brat to sleep. 
It might be a bit small, and life was somewhat hard, but at least the two of them could see each other daily… 
When they developed feelings for each other, she would bring her granddaughter-in-law back to the Horton family! 
Thinking of this, old Mrs. Horton laughed, there was no sign of chest discomfort at all. 
Lewis was speechless. 
So was Keira. 
That night passed without any event. 
The next morning, Keira was reading a book on neurology when she suddenly received a call from Luca Barker. “Keira, come to the university now! Something happened to Professor Miller!” 
Keira frowned and said, “Sure.” 
She stood up solemnly, walking quickly toward the exit. 
As she went down the stairs, she prepared to hail a cab. 
Behind her, Tom’s voice rang out, “Miss Olsen, Mr. Horton asked me to give 
you a ride.” 
Keira paused slightly and didn’t refuse. “Oceanion University, thank you.” 
As soon as the car stopped at the academic building, Keira jumped out and rushed toward Professor Miller’s office. 
The door to the office was wide open, with a group of students gathering around for the spectacle. 
Keira rushed in and saw a red-faced Professor Miller standing there, aggressively looking at the dean of the College of Energy. He snapped, “A student’s academic status affects their life. You can’t just expel them on a whim! Last time you said her character was problematic and her background was problematic, so you directly canceled her postgraduate recommendation without my agreement. Today, if you don’t give me a reasonable reason, you can’t leave here!” 
Keira heard this and paused for a moment. 
She thought something happened to Professor Miller. Was he standing up for her? 
But…expelled? 
She looked at the dean, just in time to hear his strict words. “I just received the news that she stole Dr. South’s solution and claimed it was her idea. This kind of student tarnishes our school’s reputation. Of course, we have to deal with it!” Professor Miller growled angrily, “That’s impossible. Keira isn’t that kind of person!” 
The dean sneered, “This is the internal information I just received. It can’t be false! We’re about to hire Dr. South as a professor, and if we don’t punish her, how can we gain Dr. South’s trust? Do you know how many schools are fighting over him?” 
Professor Miller understood right away. “So you’re doing this all for Dr. South! But I’m her advisor. I won’t sign off on your decision to expel her! I’ll never sign that document!” 
The dean was furious. “Miller, how can you be so stubborn? Comparing Keira Olsen with Dr. South is ludicrous, and even you aren’t important enough! 
Hearing this, Keira stepped forward. “Without Professor Miller, there will be no Dr.. South!”
###Chapter 53 - 53: Acknowledgement
Chapter 53: Acknowledgement 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira wasn’t lying. 
When she was a freshman, she found her major very uninteresting until she took a class with Professor Miller; that was when she decided to pursue this path. 
One could say that Professor Miller was her guiding light. 
Her emphatic words silenced the entire office. 
Both Professor Miller and the dean looked at her. 
The dean furrowed his brows and said angrily, “What nonsense are you talking about?!” 
As Keira was about to reveal her true identity, Luca, who stood beside her, rushed in front of her. “What Keira said was right. Without pioneers like my professor, where would Dr. South be today?” 
He shouted, “New energy research has only developed in recent years, but my professor has been studying it for over twenty years! Without him and other professors laying the groundwork, how could we possibly have today’s achievements?! Dean, the words you just said were utterly biased. Even if Dr. South were here, he should address our professor as his senior!” 
The dean choked on his words and glanced at the students by the door. 
Many of them were Professor Miller’s postgraduate students, and they were all looking at him indignantly. 
The dean cleared his throat. “Indeed, my earlier comments were inappropriate. However, Dr. South’s standing in the field is unshakeable, and this should be clear to everyone. Dr. South can form an entire research team independently, which significantly advances the development of new energy. So, Keira Olsen, how could you steal his plans?! This is absurd!” 
Keira responded, “I didn’t.” 
The dean sneered. “The Horton Group has all the evidence and witnesses. Even if you don’t plead guilty now, you can’t escape! Keira Olsen, since you’re here, it saves me the trouble of summoning you. You’ve been expelled from the university. I’ll publish an announcement shortly, so your disgraceful actions don’t tarnish the reputation of the school further!” 
Professor Miller shouted angrily, “Dean, Keira Olsen has already said she didn’t steal. The matter is still under investigation, and your reason for expelling her is completely insufficient!” 
The dean glanced at him. “We must keep this matter under wraps to avoid giving people the wrong impression that Dr. South cannot tolerate a student. The official reason for expelling Keira Olsen is… disciplinary violation. As far as I know, she is chronically late, skips plenty of classes, and often scores zero on assignments. This is why the school has decided to expel her! 
Hearing this, Keira was really stunned. 
It’s often said that a university experience without skipping classes wouldn’t be perfect. Which student hadn’t skipped an occasional class? 
She certainly skipped many classes as the content taught by the professors was too basic, so she simply didn’t attend. 
However, when the professors discovered that she got perfect scores in exams, but zero on regular assignments, since it didn’t affect her overall performance, they didn’t pursue it further. 
Who would have thought that this would now be used as leverage against her… 
Keira’s demeanor turned cold. 
Professor Miller, shaking with rage, retorted, “You are utterly shameless! I’ll say it again, I won’t sign this document! Keira Olsen is my student, and without my signature as her advisor, you have no way of expelling her!” 
The dean’s face darkened. “Professor Miller, you are blatantly stubborn. Since you aren’t cooperating with the school’s decision, I’ll have no choice but to suspend you!” 
Professor Miller exploded. “Suspend me if you wish! Do you think I’m afraid of you?” 
At these words, the dean laughed. “Professor Miller, suppose you’re suspended, your postgraduate students will have nobody to guide them temporarily. How do you plan to handle their graduation defenses? Let me see. You have six postgraduate students, right? So, are you planning to delay them all by one year?!” 
If a postgraduate student failed their defense, graduation would be postponed by one year. 
Many unscrupulous advisors, in a bid to have their students continue helping them, would deliberately fail them, causing the students to delay graduation year after year… In this respect, the students were always the disadvantaged group! 
At these words, Professor Miller was taken aback. “You…you are absolutely despicable!” 
The dean was actually using his postgraduate students to force him to sign the document… 
Being a career researcher, he wasn’t used to cursing others. At this moment, he could only stomp his feet in fury. 
Professor Miller’s postgraduate students, on the other hand, immediately turned pale, and they all looked at him anxiously. 
The dean, however, laughed. “Professor Miller, what is more important, one student or six? The choice is yours.” 
He took out the expulsion form and handed it to Professor Miller. “Are you going to sign this or not?” 
Professor Miller clenched his fists. 
He turned to look at his postgraduate students… 
Some of them had already secured jobs and were waiting to receive their graduation certificate to start working. 
Some were engaged and were waiting to get married after graduation… 
However, he couldn’t sign the form. 
What was black couldn’t be turned into white. 
He was at a loss on how to face his postgraduate students. Keira stepped forward and asked, “Are the senior officials here today?” 
Professor Miller shook his head with a bitter smile. “They’re all at a conference in Clance, including the school principal and vice-principal…” 
It meant that there was nobody present who could reprimand the dean. 
Keira looked down and suddenly smiled. “Professor, how about you take a few days off at home? We’ll discuss this when they return…” 
If she exposed her identity now, the dean would simply dismiss it as a “misunderstanding”, and the matter would be swept under the rug. 
Especially as no actual injury had been done. 
But if the dean pressured the professor into taking a leave of absence, and took action against his postgraduate students… Exposing everything after that would mean the dean’s downfall! 
After hearing this, Professor Miller sighed deeply, looked at his postgraduate students, and reassured them. “Don’t worry. Even if I’m suspended, I’ll wait for the return of the principal and the vice-principal, and I’ll appeal to them. I won’t delay your graduation.” 
Keira then added, “Professor, you can consider it as taking a few days off for yourself. I’ll have an answer for you on Monday.” 
Upon hearing this, the postgraduate students looked ashen-faced. 
They understood the professor’s choice since he was always the fair and impartial type. 
Yet they were involved out of nowhere, and the instigator was telling the professor so carelessly to “take a few days off”. It made them all feel very uncomfortable. 
Luca immediately stepped forward and tugged at Keira. “Keira, if you don’t know what to say, just remain silent.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She personally escorted Professor Miller home. On the way, Professor Miller expressed his concern. “Keira, how are you going to deal with the Horton Group? Just the reputation of Dr. South alone could crush you. Who would believe you? Why would such a high-profile professor like him want to steal your solution?” in Professor Miller’s eyes, a conflict between his brilliant student and Dr. South must mean that the latter was shameless enough to steal Keira’s research findings. 
But when he asked this, Keira just laughed. “Professor, Dr. South didn’t steal my solution.” 
Professor Miller was taken aback. “Then who really did this study? 
“Me.” 
Keira said indifferently, “Or you can say it was done by Dr. South..”
###Chapter 54 - 54: Return
Chapter 54: Return 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira sent Professor Miller home and then returned to the hospital. 
She spent most of her time in the hospital with old Mrs. Horton in her ward. 
Lewis was working in the outer office. 
Tom stood beside him, quietly recounting the events at the university, and then whispered, “Miss Olsen’s cold demeanor has caused a stir. They’re criticizing her on the school’s internal network.” 
After that, he handed his cell phone to Lewis. 
The incident had become a hot topic on the internal network of Oceanion 
University, and everyone was discussing it. 
“I don’t get it. Why would Professor Miller defend such a loser?” 
“She stole Dr. South’s study! Of course, we should expel her! What’s the point of keeping her?” 
“She’s just stirring up trouble!” 
“I totally agree with you!” 
There were those who cursed her regarding this incident, and there were also those who condemned her for other things. 
“The theft hasn’t been proven yet, and it’s understandable that Professor Miller wants to protect her. I was at the scene at the time, and I respect Professor Miller’s actions. But that doesn’t stop me from hating a certain classmate. Professor Miller made a sacrifice for her, and she has no gratitude, even saying that the professor should go home and take a few days off. It’s cold-blooded and ruthless as if Professor Miller’s sacrifices were taken for granted.” 
“I was also at the scene, and I feel this person is too thick-skinned. Those graduate students of Professor Miller are really unlucky to have the same tutor with her.” 
The more Lewis read, the darker his expression became, and by the end, he looked gloomy. He tossed the phone back to Tom. “I just remembered a quote from Carlo Colodi. When the village dog barks, the rest of the dogs follow, even though they don’t know why they’re barking.” 
Tom didn’t know what to say 
What a sharp tongue. 
He was comparing those foolish and naive college students to dogs. 
Tom subconsciously said, “If Miss Olsen sees these criticisms, she might feel hurt, right?” 
As soon as he said this, Lewis hesitated and asked tentatively, “Do you think she would bother to read the university’s internal network?” 
Tom smirked. “Boss, Miss Olsen just graduated. At her age, who wouldn’t check the school network for gossip?” 
Lewis said indifferently, “I don’t.” 
Tom thought, “That’s because you act like an old man, completely insulated from the internet!” 
He cleared his throat. “Young people these days like to go online.” 
Lewis raised his head upon hearing this and looked through the glass window on the door into the ward. 
The weather was gradually getting colder. Keira wore a camel-colored shirt and was casually leaning back on the couch reading a book. Strands of loose hair fell onto her forehead. She tucked the strands behind her ear. Through the curtain of thick black hair, he could see a part of her slender, fair neck. 
She was focused and serious. 
The sunlight fell onto the floor by her feet, where the puppy was curled up, sound asleep. 
The scene painted a picture of peace and tranquility. 
After a while, Keira seemed to be getting a bit tired. She put down her book, stretched, and began to reach for her phone… 
Lewis abruptly stood up and strode to the door in a few steps, opening it. 
Both people in the room looked at him in unison. 
Old Mrs. Horton adjusted her reading glasses and looked at him bemusedly. “Brat, what is it?” 
Lewis pursed his lips and looked at Keira. “Miss Olsen, it’s nice outside today. Would you like to take my grandmother out to get some sun?” 
Keira glanced outside and nodded. 
She gently nudged the puppy to wake it up, then helped old Mrs. Horton out the door. 
Taking two out at once would save some time. 
The three of them soon arrived at the hospital park, found a chair, and helped old Mrs. Horton to sit down. 
Keira stared absentmindedly at the lake in the distance. 
She was trying to digest the knowledge about neurology she had just read… 
Suddenly, a low voice came into her ear. “Miss Olsen, do you often go online?” 
Keira looked at Lewis, puzzled. 
Lewis dressed in black today, and his custom-fitted clothes highlighted his cool demeanor and restrained elegance. 
He wasn’t looking at her, his expression aloof. It seemed like it was just idle small talk. 
Keira gave a nonchalant answer. “I don’t really like it.” 
Lewis nodded. 
Keira then turned to look at old Mrs. Horton. 
After several days, she now knew Lewis better. He was a man of few words, so after that small talk, he probably wouldn’t say anything more… 
Just as she was thinking about this, she heard him speak again. “Nowadays, many people are restless. Under the anonymity of the internet, they like to vent their anger and dissatisfaction. The internet is like a lawless place, amplifying the evil in people’s hearts. You don’t have to take what’s on the internet to heart.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Just as she was wondering why he was suddenly saying these things, her phone vibrated. 
She took a quick look. It was a WhatsApp message from Luca. “Keira, don’t visit the university network for a while. A group of students are just echoing each other, and their words are too harsh!” 
Keira was a little surprised. 
She seemed to understand why Lewis was saying those things. 
She put down her phone, a bright smile blooming on her face. “Mr. Horton, don’t worry. The words on the internet can’t hurt me.” 
Lewis was a little embarrassed before returning to his usual self. “Well, I was only afraid it might affect my grandmother’s mood.” 
Keira laughed softly. 
Her laughter made Lewis uncomfortable, so he stood up, his expression still calm. “I still have work to do. I’ll leave my grandmother in your care.” 
“Alright.” 
Back in the ward, Lewis said, “Cancel the Monday morning meeting.” 
Tom was surprised. “But that’s when we have our multinational meeting… Okay, I’ll cancel it right away.” 
He gave Lewis a doubtful look. 
Was Lewis planning to go to the Administrative Department on Monday to openly defend Keira? 
He felt uneasy 
After Lewis Horton took over the Horton Group, there were many who were dissatisfied. If he were to bend the rules for personal reasons… 
Tom suddenly felt irritated. 
Keira just joined the company a few days ago, and she had caused such a big problem for his boss! 
Jake relied on Dr. South to gain a foothold in the R&D department. 
Now she has crossed Dr. South… 
She really was good at stirring up trouble for his boss! 
If Lewis really intended to protect her this Monday, Tom decided that even if he would make Lewis angry, he would stop his boss! He couldn’t let his boss make a mistake! 
When Keira returned from her walk with the old lady, she found that Tom was looking at her strangely. 
But she didn’t pay much attention. 
It was soon Monday. 
After breakfast, as Keira was preparing to go to the Horton Group, her phone vibrated. It was a WhatsApp message from Samuel Morgan.. “Boss, the plane landed on time! I’m about to go to the Horton Group!”
###Chapter 55 - 55: Relationship
Chapter 55: Relationship 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira and Lewis arrived at the Horton Group in his Bentley. 
As they got out of the car, Lewis suddenly asked, “Will Samuel Morgan arrive on time?” 
Keira replied, “I think so.” 
Lewis pursed his lips and continued. “Actually, I have some information about Samuel Morgan. I’ll tell you after we deal with today’s matters.” 
He planned to tell her about Samuel Morgan’s womanizing behavior. 
The agony of elongated pain was worse than a moment’s suffering. 
Keira glanced at him, surprised. “Alright.” 
She got out of the car and walked toward the elevator. 
Just as she reached the elevator, she overheard a few colleagues whispering. 
“Did you hear? Someone was caught stealing ideas from the Research and Development Department!” 
“Who? Someone’s really crossing the line! How audacious!” 
“I heard it was the new intern. They must have some connections in the company to dare do such a thing.” 
“What kind of connections?” 
Someone pointed upward. “I heard it’s related to him, hence they placed the intern in Jalen Riley’s group…” 
“That guy is domineering and forceful. The higher-ups have been on their toes for the past month. He wouldn’t blatantly protect his intern, right? Isn’t he worried about leaving a bad impression by mixing personal affairs with work?” 
“Well, I heard that guy was spoiled by Old Mrs. Horton. When he was a kid in Oceanion, he was like a little tyrant. After so many years, showing bias to an intern wouldn’t mean anything to him, right?” 
“The company has its rules and regulations. If he acts recklessly, won’t it cause public outrage?” 
“He’s young. He doesn’t care about these things…” 
“Isn’t Jake younger? But look at the people he hired for the company. Dr. South is a leading figure in the new energy industry! Now, look at the intern of that guy. Comparing both sides, it’s evident that Jake Horton is more reliable…” 
“Absolutely, like father like son. His father, Mr. Horton Senior, was always strict with himself and lenient with others. Speaking of which, Mr. Horton Senior worked his way up diligently from the grassroots…” 
“Why didn’t he get that position? Why was it taken by that man?” 
Keira hadn’t planned to pay these people any attention. After all, she found herself in an awkward predicament and realized that people were bound to talk about her behind her back. 
But she hadn’t expected that the conversation would shift toward Lewis Horton. 
She narrowed her eyes. 
Having been working since middle school, she wasn’t really an office rookie, so, she immediately inferred that someone was fueling the fire behind the scenes and planned to drag Lewis into the mud! 
She recognized the person who had initiated the topic. 
It was Arian O’neil, a researcher from Group Two and a henchman of Jake Horton. 
Keira remembered the news Samuel Morgan had helped her look up… 
The first branch of the Horton family wanted to seize power back. 
She could sense the tension between Lewis and the first branch of the family during her last visit there. 
Jake wanted to use this issue to stir up public opinion. Even if it couldn’t inflict any real harm on Lewis, it could still undermine his reputation in the company. Keira scoffed. 
She stepped forward and spoke casually, “It’s fine if you gossip about me, but shouldn’t you check for any surveillance cameras around before spreading rumors about the boss?” 
As soon as she said this, the group of people immediately raised their heads to check their surroundings. 
Seeing no surveillance cameras, they breathed a sigh of relief and then realized they had been played. 
Everyone turned toward Keira. “Who are you?” 
Before Keira could say anything, Arian said, “Let me introduce her to you. She’s the new intern from the research and development department.” 
Arian smirked and said, “Miss Olsen must be close to Mr. Horton. The crime of stealing ideas is a significant one, and now that all evidence is complete, she still has the nerve to show up at work as if nothing happened…” 
With that said, everyone turned their gaze toward Keira, their brows furrowing. 
All of them were office workers. If their hard work was stolen one day, they would undoubtedly be outraged. 
However, Keira wasn’t intimidated by these glances but rather asked, somewhat puzzled, “I’m close to Mr. Horton?” 
Arian immediately said, “You’re not going to deny it, are you? It was Mr. Davis who personally escorted you to the R&D department. Our team members all saw it.” 
As he said this, he sighed, pretending to offer consolation. “Even if Mr. Horton is backing you, you shouldn’t have stolen Dr. South’s concepts. Do you know the significance of Dr. South to the R&D department? Our Vice President Jake Horton invited him over, spending great efforts and resources to make a huge contribution to the R&D department. If this incident makes Dr. South leave, even Mr. Horton couldn’t bear the wrath of the entire R&D department, could he?” 
Everyone around nodded instantly. 
But Keira suddenly laughed, “You got it wrong. I’m just an acquaintance of Mr. Horton. He has always kept a low profile and didn’t make a fuss about hiring me for the company…” 
Arian was startled, “What did I get wrong?” 
Just then, the elevator arrived, and the group of people walked in. 
They didn’t notice that Lewis and Tom were approaching from a distance and had heard their conversation. 
While Lewis didn’t show any change in expression, Tom’s face immediately dropped! 
As expected, someone was using Keira’s situation to scheme against his boss! 
But at this point, Keira didn’t try to avoid suspicion. Instead, she brought the attention back toward his boss! 
It was just too outrageous! 
Tom couldn’t help but say angrily, “Boss, did you hear? She’s openly claiming that she’s connected to you! Everybody knows about her relationship with you now. What good would this do for her? She’s so stupid!” 
After saying this, he said, “Boss, I think you really shouldn’t get involved with her matter. Everybody knows about your relationship with her now. If you still choose to protect her, in everybody’s eyes, you’ll become a despotic ruler who disregards justice!” 
Lewis narrowed his eyes. 
His stern expression didn’t change. He looked ahead and said lightly, “Only the weak are swayed by opinions.” 
Leaving these words behind, he straightened his clothes and strode into the exclusive elevator for CEOs. 
Tom followed him into the elevator, only to hear him speak with authority, “Go to the Administrative Department.” 
Tom should’ve known that Lewis’s decision wouldn’t change! 
Tom pressed the button reluctantly and sighed to himself. 
It’s no wonder that everyone made those comparisons. 
The R&D department was the core of the company, and many people kept an eye on it. 
In the past month, the R&D department had taken in two people. 
One was Dr. South, Jake’s connection. 
The other was Keira, the boss’s associate. 
The two were worlds apart. 
Tom inhaled deeply! 
If Dr. South were Lewis’s connection, then Lewis would surely win this battle in a splendid way!! 
Ding! 
The elevator arrived. 
The curtain was officially raised on this case of stolen plans!
###Chapter 56 - 56: Evidence
Chapter 56: Evidence 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira stepped out of the elevator, heading toward Group One. 
She only took two steps when Arian’s voice round out from behind her. “Miss Olsen, I don’t know what your relationship with Mr. Horton is, but you should have noticed that his reputation in the company isn’t good. He may not be our boss in the end. So, I advise you not to offend Vice President Horton.” 
He was a confidant of Jake, and through several meetings, it was clear to him that Jake had feelings for Keira. 
He spoke in a low voice, “If you join Vice President Horton, your life will be easier than now. At least he has a way to help you solve the problem you’re about to face.” 
Keira gave him an indifferent glance and went straight into Group One without saying a word. 
It was Monday. After a delightful weekend, people often barely made it on time for work. 
But today, everyone from Group One is already here, sitting in the rest area and looking worriedly at Jalen and Luca. 
Jalen had a stern look on his face. 
As soon as Keira entered, everyone stood up abruptly, obviously wanting to speak but holding back. 
Luca quickly approached her, “Keira, about the university…” 
Before he could finish, the director of the R&D department and Jake appeared at the door, “Jalen Riley, Keira Olsen, come on. The Administrative Department is waiting for us.” 
Jalen frowned and stood up. He looked at Keira. “Let’s go.” 
The group walked toward the elevator together. 
On the way, Jake suddenly spoke, “I thought you would call me in the last two days.” 
He was confident and didn’t try to keep his voice down. 
Keira narrowed her eyes but didn’t say anything. 
Jake continued. “By the way, in addition to the personnel of the Administrative Department, there will be two guests today. They are the principal of Oceanion University and the dean of the Energy College. The dean has heard about your theft of Dr. South’s plan and wants to expel you. You should know about this, right?” 
Upon hearing this, Jalen sneered, “Jake Horton, I remember you all graduated from that university, right? Why do you have to go to the teacher for everything? Still not weaned?” 
Jake chuckled coldly, “I am also from Oceanion University. Of course, I can’t sit back and watch the reputation of Oceanion University be tarnished by such a person! The principal and dean are here today to confirm that if the situation is true, they won’t be lenient! Keira, aren’t you willing to admit your mistake even now?” 
Keira replied slowly, “I didn’t do anything wrong. What should I admit?” 
“You…!! You are hopeless!” 
The group soon arrived at the Administrative Department. 
Jake and the director of the R&D department entered the conference room first. As Keira was about to follow, Jalen suddenly patted her on the shoulder. “I’m your boss. If you make any mistakes, it’s my responsibility. Even if Jake brings Dr. South here to confront you, I’ll defend you!” 
Leaving these words behind, Jalen walked into the room with a look of heading to the execution ground. 
Keira thought, “There’s really no need for that.” 
She twitched the corner of her mouth and followed inside, only to find that the conference room was large and already occupied by more than a dozen people. 
The members of the Administrative Department all had solemn expressions. 
The principal and the dean were invited and sat on either side of the room. 
To Keira’s surprise, Lewis was also sitting among the bystanders. 
The man was dressed in a suit, with the buttons on his shirt up to the top and matching tie, exuding a sense of rigor and elegance. 
Upon hearing the footsteps, he glanced at her. His gaze lingered on Keira for a moment before quickly shifting away as if his presence here had nothing to do with her. 
Tom, standing behind him, looked as if he’d just swallowed a lemon. He shot Keira a glare. 
However, Keira didn’t mind and only gave them a gentle smile. 
Of course, she understood that the busy Lewis was here because he cared about her… 
No, it was to spare his grandmother the trouble, so he came to look after her. 
She could imagine how this man would explain his actions. 
With a slight smile, she entered the room gracefully. 
The Administrative Department had to follow procedure. 
The head of the Administrative Department spoke first. “Vice President Horton, where is the evidence you mentioned?” 
Keira also looked at him curiously. 
She had no idea what the evidence that Jake was referring to was… 
Jake took out his phone and glanced at it. “Just in time. They’re here.” 
With that, there was a knock on the door. 
Arian led two people into the room. 
These two people were Isla and Poppy! 
Keira’s eyebrows furrowed slightly. 
Isla appeared calm as she walked up to Jake, calling out cheerfully, “Hello, Jake.” 
Poppy seemed intimidated by the grand occasion and was shrinking back a little. 
She looked around and then showed a pleasing smile. 
Jake pointed at her and said, “Here’s my evidence! Let me introduce her to you. This is Keira Olsen’s mother.” 
Everyone was startled and instinctively looked at Keira. 
Jalen nudged her, “Is that truth?” 
Keira clenched her jaw, remaining silent. 
But Poppy suddenly rushed in front of her. “Keira, our plan to steal the plan has been exposed! I didn’t realize there were cameras in the ward, so we were caught. They now have evidence!” 
As she said this, Isla took out a flash drive and plugged it into the computer. 
The screen showed the scene in the ward where Mrs. Olsen was. Poppy sneaked in, then secretly opened Isla’s laptop, plugged in a USB drive, and did something… 
Isla sighed, “I installed the camera just to record the time the doctor gave my mom medication. I didn’t expect it to record this. Keira, how could you let your mom steal things for you…” 
Poppy immediately apologized, “It’s my fault. Keira doesn’t know about this. I saw her working so hard, so I decided to do this. It has nothing to do with her… 
“I’m sorry. The child just graduated and wanted to prove herself. I, as a mother, couldn’t bear to see her working so hard.” 
She looked around and suddenly knelt on the ground. “I’m begging you, don’t punish Keira. Punish me if you want to, but don’t call the police… Give her another chance!” 
The head of the Administrative Department hurried over and held her arm, “Please stand up…” 
But Poppy cried, “Unless the company forgives Keira, I won’t stand up…” 
Seeing this, the people around them couldn’t help but sigh, “Alas, all loving parents are the same…” 
Jake said haughtily, “Keira, with all the evidence present, what else do you have to say?” 
Isla was watching the drama from the side. 
She knew that the moment Poppy appeared, this imperfect evidence became perfect. 
After all, no mother in this world would slander her daughter. 
If Keira denied it, people would only despise her even more, thinking that she was letting her mother take the fall. 
Horton Group couldn’t tolerate such an employee. 
It was a done deal. 
All eyes were on Keira. 
But she still remained calm, standing with her eyes down. She even took out her phone and checked a WhatsApp message. 
They didn’t know that the message Keira received was from Samuel.. “Boss, I’ll be there soon!”
###Chapter 57 - 57: Samuel Morgan Is Here
Chapter 57: Samuel Morgan Is Here 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira laid down her phone and then finally raised her head to look at the crowd. 
Her biological mother was setting her up, so she probably should have been a 
bit upset. 
But right now, she only felt numb. 
She had gotten used to it. 
The worse she got treated, the more she believed that as long as it was for Isla’s benefit, Poppy would stop at nothing. 
Her gaze coldly swept past Poppy and landed on Isla. 
Keira was actually very curious about how much Isla had charmed Poppy and made the latter so devoted to her. 
She didn’t say anything because she knew that until Samuel came to help verify her identity, no matter what she said, it would be useless. These people wouldn’t believe her. 
But even though she didn’t say anything, someone else spoke for her. 
The tone of Jalen was full of arrogance. “What kind of direct evidence is this? Based on the video, you can only see that Keira’s mother copied something from Isla’s computer. What exactly did she copy? Who knows?” 
Jake snickered, “Isla is the one responsible for delivering Dr. South’s solution to me. Keira’s mom copied something from her, and then Keira submitted a solution identical to Dr. South’s. Doesn’t this explain everything? Jalen, even if you want to protect Keira, you should show some restraint! 
Jalen stood his ground. “Protect her? I’m just stating my doubts! This evidence can’t directly prove that it was Keira who ordered her mother to steal!” 
As soon as these words came out, Poppy, who was kneeling there, immediately cried out, “That’s right, it wasn’t Keira who told me to steal. It was my own idea! It has nothing to do with Keira. It’s all my fault…” 
She grabbed the arm of the head of the Administrative Department. “Please don’t involve Keira in this! My daughter has just graduated from university. 
She can’t lose this job …” 
The head of the Administrative Department sighed at hearing these words. 
“What did you steal?” 
Poppy immediately said, “It’s the new energy solution for Hydrogen Fuel.” 
The head of the Administrative Department nodded. “Do you know what 
Hydrogen Fuel is?” 
Poppy was taken aback and then shook her head. 
The head of the Administrative Department continued. “You see, even I don’t understand what it is, and I’m not even in research and development. Therefore, if your daughter didn’t tell you what to steal, then how were you able to steal for her?” 
Poppy seemed to be rendered speechless. 
She couldn’t say a word and finally bowed her head. “I don’t care. I did this. It has nothing to do with my daughter! Call the police, and take me away. It’s my fault…” 
The head of the Administrative Department sighed deeply, looking at Poppy with nothing but regret and pity. 
Jake was looking at Poppy. 
He should have really disliked this woman, but seeing her sacrifice everything for her own daughter, he found it hard to be unsympathetic. 
Jake suddenly roared, “Keira, say something! Are you really planning to let your mom take the fall? Do you even know the basic principle of being a daughter?! Do you have any conscience at all?!” 
The head of the Administrative Department also said coldly, “Vice President Horton, don’t worry. My department will get to the bottom of this. The Horton Group will not wrong any mother, nor will we tolerate an ungrateful employee!” 
Keira knew it would be like this. 
The result of denying the claim would only draw these people’s suspicion. 
She let out a soft laugh, knowing that this was definitely not over yet. 
Indeed, Isla sighed. She hypocritically took a few steps forward to Poppy. “Aunt Hill, you may want to take all the blame, but it’s impossible. Nobody here is a fool. We all know what’s going on. The best way now is to admit your mistake and beg the Horton Group for forgiveness. Otherwise, Keira will be expelled from her university…” 
“Is that so?” 
Poppy looked at the head of the Administrative Department for help. 
The head of the Administrative Department nodded. “Yes, we have our own judgment, and we can see that you’re covering up for your daughter…” Poppy dropped to the ground as if she had lost all her strength. 
But suddenly, she seemed to understand something. She walked on her knees to Keira, grabbed her leg, and said, “Keira, there is no way around it. Just admit your mistakes! As long as you admit your mistakes, the Horton Group will give you a chance. Even if they fire you, you still have your qualifications, and you can find another job. But if you don’t and get expelled from school, your future will be ruined!” 
She seemed to be in severe pain and even squeezed a few tears out of her eyes, but in a place where others couldn’t see, her eyes turned vicious. 
Keira looked at her mother kneeling in front of her and still found it absurd. In the past, Poppy had always been straightforward with her, forcing her to give in to Isla whenever she made a request. 
Had she become a good actor now? 
Did Isla teach her that? 
Poppy was still whimpering. “Hl admit the mistake for Keira. As her mother, I’ll kneel and apologize to you all! I hope you can give her another chance, and hope that the school won’t expel her…” 
She really kowtowed several times. 
The sound made everyone wince. 
What a good mother indeed! 
The head of the Administrative Department rushed over and tried to help her up but couldn’t manage. She then turned towards Keira and shouted, “What are you standing around for? Your mother is so sincere. How could she give birth to an ungrateful daughter like you?!” 
On the side, the Vice Chancellor of Oceanion University also showed a look of pity. 
The dean spoke directly, “Keira, you still refuse to admit your mistake? Are you trying to force your mother to death? How could our school have a student like you? Chancellor, you see what kind of a person she is. Even Professor Miller insists on vouching for her. I wonder how she managed to bewitch Professor Miller. He’s so confused, that I had to suspend him!” 
The Vice-Chancellor frowned, not liking what he heard. “You better watch your words.” 
He came here today with the bean because Professor Miller had called him saying the bean was going to expel a student. 
A student’s education is their business card, and getting expelled was such a serious matter. They even suspended a professor! 
The Vice-Chancellor felt it had gone too far. 
He came here at Professor Miller’s request. 
But looking at it now, it seemed as though the dean wasn’t completely wrong. He couldn’t help but look at Keira. “Young lady, you must apologize quickly! If you keep this up, not even Professor Miller will be able to protect you! 
Poppy immediately stopped kowtowing and looked at her.” Keira, did you hear that? Everyone is telling you to admit your mistakes quickly. They’ll give you another chance…” 
At this moment, the door was suddenly knocked upon, and someone outside shouted, “Mr. Samuel Morgan is here..”
###Chapter 58 - 58: Slander
Chapter 58: Slander 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
The conference room grew silent. 
isla was startled; she turned and looked at Jake, whispering, “Jake, it was evident from the last gathering that Samuel and Keira have an unusual relationship. Has he come here to put in a good word for Keira and plead for Horton Group to take it easy on her?” 
Jake immediately tightened his jaw and addressed the person outside the door, “Please lead Mr. Morgan to the research room. I’ll meet him once we have finished dealing with the current situation.” 
The person outside replied, “Alright.” 
Just as Jake was preparing to leave, a deep voice suddenly said, “Let him in.” Everyone turned towards the sound and saw Lewis, who was seated in the inquisitor’s seat, had spoken up. 
Jake hurriedly interjected, “Uncle, Samuel is Dr. South’s assistant. I don’t want to make a scene about this situation as we may potentially concern Dr. South. 
It would be better if we didn’t let Samuel in.” 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
She had overlooked this possibility. 
She hadn’t thought that Samuel might not be allowed into this meeting room. However, she wasn’t worried. As long as she revealed her true identity, they had to summon Samuel to confront her. 
After all, Samuel was the only one present who had seen Dr. South in person. As Keira pondered her strategy, Lewis spoke up again, “Samuel is here at my invitation.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She looked over in surprise but saw Lewis acting as calm as ever. Those deep, black eyes of his revealed nothing of his inner thoughts as he spoke. 
If she didn’t know the truth, she would indeed think that Samuel was invited by him! 
As Lewis finished his sentence, he glanced at Tom. 
Tom instantly understood Lewis’ intention and quickly headed out. 
Realizing Lewis had started to cover for Keira, Tom couldn’t resist shooting her a look. 
She was a real femme fatale! 
The boss was now shielding this dangerous woman. 
Tom could only hope that Samuel would put up a good enough performance to stun this group and not cause Lewis to be clouded by sentiment, getting a bad reputation for condoning deceit in the process. 
Soon, Samuel followed Tom into the room. 
Samuel, traveling light with just a suitcase in hand, had clearly rushed here right after landing. Upon entering, his gaze landed on Keira. He cleared his throat and spoke, “There was a bit of traffic on the way, so I was delayed.” 
Keira simply nodded in acknowledgment. 
Realizing they were still exchanging pleasantries, Tom couldn’t help but hurriedly interject, “Mr. Morgan, are you here to attest to everyone that it was you who supplied Miss Keira with Dr. South’s proposal?” 
If Samuel admitted to this, the matter would be resolved. 
After all, the evidence provided by Poppy wasn’t direct proof. 
If Lewis really wanted, he could just retain the person involved. 
It would even seem quite reasonable. 
Just as Tom was entertaining these thoughts, he heard Samuel exclaiming in surprise, “No, not at all! Why would I share Dr. South’s design proposal with others?” 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
Astonished, Tom stared at Samuel, silently cursing in his mind, “This utterly faithless man! Did he rush all the way here just to disassociate himself from 
Keira?!” 
This enraged Tom so much he was shaking all over. 
Unsurprisingly, one couldn’t rely on a womanizer. 
Everyone else in the room let out a sigh of relief. 
The moment Samuel entered, Isla’s heart pounded fearfully in her chest, but she relaxed at Samuel’s unexpected refusal. 
Jake said, “Mr. Morgan, did you come here today because you heard about the theft of Dr. South’s proposal, and you wanted to attend the hearing? Don t worry. We, at Horton Group, will undoubtedly make it right for Dr. South! 
At hearing this, a sly smile spread across Samuel’s face, and he said, “Yes, you must clear my boss’s name!” 
Having said that, Samuel swaggered toward the jurors’ bench and plopped down next to the vice-chancellor of Oceanion University. In a split second when no one was watching, he winked at Keira. 
Keira was speechless. 
Engaging Samuel in conversation, the vice-chancellor said, “Mr. Morgan, we’ve long known of your reputation. Our university has always wanted to invite Dr. South to be a tutor, I wonder if you could convey our sincere invitation?” 
Samuel, sighing, said, “Well, it all depends on how today’s incident is handled…” 
The vice-chancellor was taken aback. 
In response, the dean quickly added, “Don’t worry. We won’t shelter the student who stole Dr. South’s proposal. She’ll definitely be expelled! 
The vice chancellor tightened his jaw, increasingly displeased. 
Even if Horton Group accused Keira of stealing the proposal, whether to expel the student would have to be decided by the university through a meeting. How could they make such a commitment on the spot? 
It felt as if they were trying to suck up to someone! 
Totally disgraceful. 
Samuel’s eyes grew colder, his words betraying visible mockery. “Expulsion? As a school, shouldn’t you protect your students to the best of your ability? How come you are so quick to wash your hands off the situation?” 
The dean felt rebuked. “It’s because Keira made too big a mistake…” 
“Oh, and what mistake is that?” 
“She stole Dr. South’s proposal…” 
Samuel retorted, “Is there any proof?” 
The dean pointed at Poppy. “She’s Keira’s mother. She admitted to it herself. Furthermore, the CCTV footage clearly shows her stealing the proposal from Miss Isla’s computer…” 
“Indeed? Is that what Miss Isla is saying?” 
Isla, who had been trying to minimize her involvement in this situation, had no choice but to step forward as Samuel mentioned her/ “Yes, that’s correct.” She then looked toward Poppy. “Aunt Hill, this is Dr. South’s Assistant. If Dr. South doesn’t pursue this matter, I don’t think Horton Group will either…” Upon hearing this, Poppy seemed to understand something. She immediately rushed over to Samuel, knelt, and started to kowtow. “Mr. Morgan, please forgive Keira. I assure you she didn’t do it deliberately… 
Jake tried to intervene, “Please don’t…” 
However, Poppy continued to sob. “For the sake of Keira, I’ll do anything. I’m willing to kowtow, and I won’t stop until you forgive her. Keira, please admit your mistake. I’m begging you!” 
“You’ll do anything?” 
Finally, Keira spoke. Her voice was soft, slow, and calm. “As long as you stop tarnishing my reputation, I’ll be forever grateful. 
On hearing this, Poppy choked and started crying more fiercely. “Keira, I’m tarnishing you. It’s just that I couldn’t hide it anymore!” 
Jake also snapped, “Keira, how can you be so stubborn?” 
The dean of Oceanion University chimed in, “Keira, watch your mouth! How can you accuse your mother of tarnishing you? You’re so reckless with your words!” 
Having vented his feelings, he turned to Samuel as if to prove he was right. “Mr. Morgan, did you see? This girl lies without batting an eye. And this isn’t the first time. She often skips classes, leaves classes early, and is often reported as not returning to her dorm at night. It’s only right that we expel her!” 
“Is that so?” 
Samuel scoffed, “But to my knowledge, Dr. South didn’t give the proposal to Miss Isla! How did this kind and innocent mother manage to steal it?
###Chapter 59 - 59: Slap in the Face
Chapter 59: Slap in the Face 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor; Henyee Translations 
Upon hearing that statement, the room fell abruptly into silence. 
Everyone turned their eyes from Samuel to Isla, completely dumbfounded. 
Jake also looked at Isla in confusion. “What’s going on?” 
Isla bit her lip and directly addressed Samuel, “The solution proposed by Dr. South for the Olsen’s was sent to us separately. It has nothing to do with your company. You’re just his assistant and have no knowledge about this.” 
Jake let out a breath of relief. 
Isla continued. “Mr. Morgan, is it about time to put an end to this? If that s what you’re implying, there’s need to be so roundabout…” 
She looked at Jake, “Jake, Horton Group is not at a loss. Can I let go of this matter?” 
As expected, Jake was infuriated. “Mr. Morgan! This is an internal issue of Horton Group. It’s not your place as an outsider to instruct us!” 
He had been respectful to Samuel because of Samuel’s role as Dr. South’s assistant. 
It wasn’t that he was actually afraid of Samuel. 
Horton Group is the most prestigious family business in Oceanion. Very few 
can even catch his eye. 
Samuel said, “Actually, I am quite aware of this matter. Dr. South didn’t send an email to Isla.” 
Jake scoffed, “If Dr. South didn’t send it, then how did Isla get the solution? 
Samuel shrugged, “Indeed, how did she get it? 
Jake was taken aback, “What do you mean?” 
“It’s quite obvious,” Samuel pointed at Poppy. “It was given by this lady! Wasn’t it captured that she was copying something from a flash drive to Isla’s computer?” 
The crowd was dumbfounded. 
Seriously, was that even a valid interpretation?! 
Everyone was left dumbfounded for a moment. 
Jake almost burst out laughing. “Mr. Morgan, you mean that Keira’s mother stole Keira’s plan and gave it to Isla? Don’t you think your words are rather ridiculous?!” 
“What’s so funny about it?” 
Samuel suddenly shifted his focus. “Mr. Horton, do you believe that what I said was correct?” 
Upon hearing this, everyone subconsciously turned their gaze towards Lewis. 
Despite his silence, his strong presence was undeniably noticeable. 
Lewis pondered slightly, and his deep, pleasant voice echoed in the conference room. “Indeed, such an interpretation is plausible.” 
At his words, the faces of several people in the room changed. 
Jake, not daring to vent his anger toward Lewis, snapped at Samuel. “So, are you saying that the plan belongs to Keira and not Dr. South? 
Samuel chuckled, “It belongs to Dr. South too!” 
Jake was confused. 
On the other hand, Isla came to an understanding. “Mr. Morgan, are you suggesting that the plan of Keira and Dr. South are coincidentally identical?” Now, Jake was genuinely irritated. “So that’s what you’re aiming for! Not only do you want to clear your suspicion, but you also want to take credit for others’ work. That’s a brilliant scheme indeed!” 
He turned to look at Lewis once again. “Uncle, is that what you think as well?” 
Lewis pursed his lips. 
His eyes were deep and perceptive, sensing that something was off… 
With Samuel’s confident appearance and Keira s upright posture ever since she entered the room, their relationship wasn’t what he thought it was! 
The idea he had once suppressed suddenly resurfaced. 
He suddenly turned his gaze to Keira, his pupils slightly contracted. 
Could it be…? 
Seeing that he was silent, suggesting that he tacitly agreed, Jake felt justified. 
“I disagree! Uncle, I know Keira was brought in here because of your connections, and that Keira and Samuel are very close. But Dr. South came because of me, so I need to stand up for him. I absolutely disapprove of what you’re doing. You’re tarnishing the integrity of researchers!!” 
His words resonated with the others. 
Everyone turned their condemning gazes toward Lewis. 
That was too much… 
The guilty party who stole someone else’s work. Not only would she escape punishment, but now she was trying to take credit for it?! 
This news, if spread out, could incite public anger within the company. 
Tom was furious too. 
What on earth were Samuel and Keira up to? It would be good enough if they could shed the accusations, but now they wanted more! 
How greedy. 
Now, this situation had put his boss in the hot seat. 
But since Lewis didn’t speak up, as his assistant, Tom couldn’t say much either. He could only seethe in silence. 
Just as he was getting anxious, his phone buzzed, and he saw a link sent by someone from the secretary’s office. 
It was the company’s internal network where an anonymous person had been live-blogging the contents of this meeting room. 
Under that post, a crowd of people was already commenting. 
“Just because the intern is pretty, Mr. Horton is defending her. Is that it? This is really disappointing!” 
“I stand with Vice President Jake. He speaks for the researchers! 
“I originally thought the company’s atmosphere had improved after Mr. Horton came into position, but now it seems like I was mistaken…” 
“An intern’s mother would help outsiders bully her own daughter? This mother is wrongfully accused. How tragic.” 
“I’m Dr. South’s fan, and it’s unacceptable that someone stole his work. I’ll be the first one to !!” 
“I have to say, I’m truly grateful that Vice President Jake was able to invite Dr. South to provide technical support. Working with Dr. South is the greatest honor of my life. Now, look at Mr. Horton, who did he bring into the company? An intern who’s nothing more than just a pretty face. I have no words…” 
“If Dr. South feels wronged and resigns because of this intern, I m going to lose it!” 
The company’s public opinion had already taken shape, and it was a hard blow to Lewis. 
Tom, scared, quickly handed his phone to Lewis, hoping the latter would change his defensive attitude toward Keira. 
However, Lewis didn’t even glance at the phone. Instead, his gaze was locked onto Keira with a complicated emotion in his eyes… 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
“Boss, at this critical moment, can you not be blinded by her beauty?” 
Just when Tom was growing anxious, the head of the Administrative Department stood up. “Mr. Horton, I can’t agree with this. It goes against my principles.” 
The rest of the Administrative Department staff also stood up. 
“I agree.” 
“Dr. South is a respectable person. He should not be treated like this.” 
The dean of Oceanion University also frowned deeply. He dared not scold Lewis and could only yell at Keira, “Miss Olsen, you have truly disappointed your teacher! Dr. South is a person whom we all respect. How could you do such a thing?” 
The Vice-Chancellor also shook his head. 
Simultaneously, Poppy also took the opportunity to cry. “Keira, we shouldn’t make more mistakes…” 
Isla looked down, and the corners of her mouth revealed a triumphant smile. Keira had become a street rat that everyone wanted to beat! 
Jake’s confidence surged, and he looked at Samuel. “As Dr. South’s assistant, you’re not defending Dr. South’s interests but scheming against her. Do you think you’re being fair to Dr. South?” 
Instead of being angry at the accusation, Samuel simply smiled, “Why don’t we just ask her?” 
After finishing his sentence, he strode to Keira amidst the astonished stares of the people and respectfully asked, “Dr.. South, how do you think I am doing as an assistant?”
###Chapter 60 - 6o: The Truth Revealed
Chapter 6o: The Truth Revealed 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The conference room was dead quiet. 
Everyone was stupefied, looking at Samuel incredulously. Their eyes were Sliding back and forth between Keira and Samuel, feeling as if their brains had frozen. 
Why would Samuel call Keira, Dr. South? 
Could Keira be Dr. South? 
Jake shouted, “Samuel, what are you messing around with? Dr. South’s identity isn’t to be taken lightly!” 
Samuel chuckled. “I knew you’d all question this.” 
He took out his patent proof from his bag and held it up for everyone to see. It was Dr. South’s identification, and the name written on it was clearly Keira. With the official seals, there was no way to forge this. 
Jake’s pupils contracted, and he stood there in shock as though struck by lightning. 
He stared blankly at Keira, suddenly feeling like he was a joke!! 
At first, he gave up on her to choose Isla, not only because of Keira’s illegitimate status but also because Isla could provide him with the connections of Dr. South, helping him secure a strong footing in the Horton Group’s R&D department… 
But now, he was being made a fool! 
He glared at Isla, his face twisted into fury. “What is happening?!” 
Isla was shaking uncontrollably. 
Originally, implying that Poppy had stolen Keira’s plan and claiming it was given by Dr. South was a risky move, but everything was going according to her 
Everyone had assumed that it was Keira who had stolen the plan, and to avoid angering Dr. South, they would certainly not bring it up in front of him. 
Even if Samuel showed up to testify on behalf of Keira, not many people would believe him! 
But she never expected that Keira would turn out to be Dr. South! 
She bit her lip hard, trying to say something to appease Jake’s fury, but she didn’t know what to say… 
Poppy, seeing this, violently picked herself up from the ground and flung her hand toward Keira. “Bastard! How can you be Dr. South? You were always a poor student and barely scraped into college. This is impossible! Samuel must be lying for you! Tell everyone that you’re a fraud, that you stole the plan from your sister!” 
Where was the mother-daughter love from just a moment ago? 
Keira took a step back to dodge her attack, saying coldly, “Have you forgotten why my grades were poor?” 
Poppy was startled. 
“When I first started school, my very first exam, I ranked first in the class Who was it that made me kneel all night for trying to overshadow Isla? Who was it that made me leave all my exams blank and stop me from learning? Who threatened me, saying if I dared to do well in school, I would be sold to human traffickers?” 
Keira looked down, her tone indifferent. “I had to work harder than anyone else. After all, getting just low grades during an entrance exam was hard.” She rarely mentioned her past, but now with Poppy painting a picture of a perfect mother, these words needed to be said to refute her accusations. 
Everyone was stunned and looked at Poppy in disbelief. 
Who would believe that such a mother existed in this world? 
The head of the Administrative Department was frozen in place. 
He originally thought that this mother he felt so sorry for was a pitiful person but now he knew the truth. 
Lewis stood up, his lips pressed tightly together as he looked at Keira somberly. 
Her words were light and seemed like she was talking about someone else’s story, but he knew that every word she uttered tore at the wounds of her past, presenting to everyone a bloody truth! 
He remembered the things he had asked Tom to investigate… 
She left the Olsen family in middle school, worked while studying, and barely made it into Oceanion University. 
Oceanion University’s tuition wasn’t cheap, yet she never applied for financial aid. She worked countless jobs outside… 
When he saw Tom’s investigation, he didn’t feel sorry for her. 
But at this moment, as she let down all her pride and calmly revealed her dark past, he felt a constriction in his chest, so uncomfortable that it was suffocating. 
POPPY, listening to all this, showed no remorse and instead shouted angrily, “You faked your grades? Well, you’re playing me, Keira! How dare you trick me at such a young age! I shouldn’t have sent you to school! You’re nothing but garbage! A bastard! You were so cunning to keep it hidden! You secretly set up this situation, deliberately framing Isla!” 
“Enough!” 
Lewis couldn’t listen any further. He snorted and looked directly at Isla. “Miss 
Isla, do you have anything to say?!” 
Poppy was Keira’s mother… In this matter, she was clearly just a pawn being used. Lewis didn’t want to deal with her and looked directly at the mastermind. 
Immediately, Isla clenched her fists, her instincts making her look toward Jake. 
Jake’s face was gloomy as he stared at her. “You better give me an explanation!” 
Isla’s eyes filled with tears, and she cried. “I, I don’t know… Jake, please believe me. Dr. South really did send me an email… Aunt Hill, what the hell is going 
Poppy scoffed. “I did all this, it has nothing to do with Isla!” 
She looked at Keira. “You called the police on me the other day, got me arrested, and thrown in jail for two days. Since getting out of custody, I’ve been thinking of ways to take revenge on you! I heard from Isla in passing about the competition in your R&D department, and that’s how I came up with this plan! When you visited Mrs. Olsen in the hospital that day, I stole your computer and stole the file! The video you guys saw just now, I wasn’t stealing something from Isla’s computer. I was delivering something to her! I was using Dr. South to defeat you, an ungrateful daughter!” 
She no longer looked helpless and pitiable as she did before, but instead like a Shrew. With her hands on her hips, she stared at Keira. “I’m your mom. What can you do to me? Plus, I’m not an employee of the Horton Group, so you can’t punish me!” 
Keira found her ignorance laughable. 
Just as she was about to speak, Lewis’s voice once again rang out. “Jalen, take 
Dr. South back first. I’ll handle the matter here.” 
Keira was slightly startled. 
She understood that Lewis was worried that her position would complicate matters if Horton Group decided to hold Poppy accountable, so he deliberately asked her to leave. 
She thought for a moment and accepted this gesture of goodwill. 
She, Jalen, and Samuel left the conference room together. They took the 
elevator down to the R&D department. 
Jalen looked stunned, staring at Keira as if he was seeing a ghost… 
It wasn’t until they got back to the office that he finally came back to his senses. 
The moment they returned to the office, their whole team swarmed over. 
“What happened? What was the final verdict?” 
“Jalen, why do you look so upset? Is Miss Olsen facing serious consequences?” Everyone was extremely worried, especially Luca, who was pacing nervously. 
“Keira, what should we do now? I heard that Dr. South’s assistant also came. 
We can go find him and ask Dr. South to be lenient…” 
Right, as long as Dr. South speaks for you, this matter will be over!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
While everyone was talking, Jalen finally snapped back to reality. He pointed at 
Keira and stuttered, “You, are you really… Dr.. South?!”
###Chapter 61 - 61: Mother and Daughter
Chapter 61: Mother and Daughter 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Everyone from the R&D department team was dazed upon hearing Jalen’s words. 
“jalen, what are you saying? Are you confused?” 
“Is Dr. South here? Where is he? Can we meet him?” 
“Who is Dr. South? Jalen, did you just say Miss Olsen is Dr. South? 
“You must be joking Miss Olsen is so young…” 
Just as everyone thought Jalen was joking, Keira looked at him, her expression serious. She extended a hand to him. “Nice to meet you. I’m Dr. South.” 
Instantly, the entire team fell silent. 
Luca was the first to utter a sharp cry. “Keira! What did you say? Who are you?!!” 
The rest were stupefied. 
Keira looked over the group. 
During the past few days, she had been protected in an unprecedented way. Even though these people had initially misunderstood her, they quickly cleared the misunderstanding. 
What they did afterward moved her. 
She smiled slightly. “I want to thank you all for looking after me these past few days. If you have any technical issues in the future, feel free to message me.” With her identity revealed, she could no longer stay here for the desk job. She only came back with Jalen to say goodbye. 
She already had the medical materials, so she could leave now. 
While the team members were still in a state of shock, she quietly stepped back and walked out with Samuel. 
Jalen watched her leave. He unconsciously took a step forward but then suddenly stopped. 
He began to regret something. 
His reaction to learning that she was Dr. South was so rude! Had he left a bad impression on her? 
As Jalen was thinking about this, he turned to find the rest of the team bug-eyed, each sporting an unspoken expression. 
It was only when Keira entered the elevator that the team came back to their 
senses. 
“Ah! Miss Olsen is actually Dr. South!” 
“Oh my god, I was actually working with Dr. South!” 
“She just said we could talk to her if we have any problems in the future. I’ve actually become friends with Dr. South!” 
Then, thinking of something, the team rushed to where Keira used to work, and all the stationary on her desk was swiftly taken. 
“These are the pens used by Dr. South!” 
“This is a draft paper of Dr. South!!” 
“This is a paper cup Dr. South drank from…” 
Suddenly, the atmosphere became strange. 
Jalen watched them, and for once, he didn’t reprimand them. He suddenly felt 
at ease. 
In comparison to them, he was very normal! 
In the Administrative Department’s conference room. 
After Keira left, Lewis told the head of the Administrative Department, “Call 
the police.” 
These words scared the recently arrogant Poppy Hill, who had been released only two days ago! 
The head of the Administrative Department pondered for a moment before hesitantly speaking, “Mr. Horton, if we call the police, it’ll cause a big fuss and impact our company negatively. Actually, we never intended to call the police today.” 
Even if Keira was proven guilty, they would handle it internally within the Horton Group and not make it public knowledge. 
Lewis glanced at her indifferently. 
The head of the Administrative Department’s heart jumped, and she immediately lowered her head, “Yes, sir.” 
Poppy shouted, “Mr. Horton, I just wanted to teach my daughter a lesson. What I stole was my own biological daughter’s stuff, and that’s not against the law, right? The victim didn’t say anything, so why should the police be involved?” Lewis looked at her coldly. His penetrating gaze made Poppy feel as if she were in an ice cellar. Then she heard the man’s deep voice. “What you stole is the core technology of Horton Group, and you’re suspected of stealing company secrets, which is a crime. Even if she doesn’t pursue the matter, the company cannot allow it.” 
Poppy froze and swallowed. “Wha-, what secrets? Will I be sentenced?” Mr Horton said in a deep voice, “According to Article 219 of the Criminal Law regarding the behavior of infringing trade secrets, if the circumstances are serious, the perpetrator shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than three years and not more than ten years. 
Poppy was stunned, “Is, is it that serious?” 
The head of the Administrative Department gave Mr. Horton a strange look. Today’s incident wasn’t serious, and it didn’t cause any loss to the company. Why was Mr. Horton trying to scare her? 
While thinking, Lewis spoke again. “Of course, if you were instructed or deceived, a lighter sentence may be imposed. So, were you prompted by someone to steal the information? 
As soon as these words were spoken, everyone’s gaze shifted to Isla. 
Everyone could think. 
How would a fifty-year-old woman who was detached from society know about a concept like renewable energy? 
It was clear that Isla lured and directed her! 
The Administrative Department head saw light. 
Any normal person in Poppy Hill’s situation would now point at Isla to get themselves off the hook… 
But just as she was about to speak up, she heard Poppy shout, “No, Isla knows nothing about this matter. I did everything, and it has nothing to do with her!’ isla was next to her, her eyes red. She looked at Poppy and said, “Aunt Hill, even if you hate Keira and want revenge, you shouldn’t implicate me! 
She lowered her head to wipe non-existent tears from the corner of her eyes. Despite her grievous expression, a fierce light flashed in her eyes. 
She wasn’t stupid. 
This simple act of entrapment was so easy to expose. Therefore, from the very start, all she gave Poppy were suggestive statements. 
After all, from Poppy’s point of view, Isla knew nothing about her real mother… Isla just went to pick Poppy up from jail herself, and on the way, she acted scared and elaborately told Poppy about Keira and Jake’s bet. In the end, she remorsefully said, “Aunt Hill, why am I even saying these things? I’ve just been worried lately, Dr. South hasn’t been replying, and it seems like Keira’s solution is done… Jake wants to break our engagement. What should I do? Forget it, everyone has their own fate.” 
Poppy, her biological mother, then “took it upon herself” to steal Keira’s solution and even found a way to send it to Isla’s computer. 
Isla wasn’t involved in the process at all! 
Even if the police came, as long as Poppy didn’t implicate her, she would be in the clear! 
As expected, the police arrived quickly and after asking for details, they only took Poppy away. 
Isla didn’t breathe a sigh of relief because she wasn’t concerned about Poppy but about Jake! 
Sure enough, Jake’s expression darkened. 
Even though Isla wasn’t taken away, everyone knew what was going on. 
The head of the Administrative Department gave Jake a strange look, and the suspicion in her eyes seemed to suggest that he and Isla were in on it together… 
He had no way to explain himself! 
Jake didn’t even look at Isla and stepped out. 
Isla hurriedly followed him, “Jake, let me explain…” 
After the two left the meeting room, Lewis watched the direction they went. 
Why did Poppy protect Isla so much? 
He suddenly said to Tom, “I think Isla seems more like Poppy’s daughter..’1
###Chapter 62 - 62: Discovery
Chapter 62: Discovery 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
At this moment, Tom had a dazed look on his face, and he was still in shock. He didn’t know much about R&D, but he was aware of the significance of Dr South to that team. 
He was looking at a post on the company’s internal network with his mobile phone. 
Indeed, the situation had reversed! 
People had been berating Lewis for favoring a beautiful intern, but their sentiments had shifted, 
Wow! Dr. South is actually the beautiful intern?” 
“So, it was Mr. Horton who invited Dr. South to the company, not Vice President Jake?” 
“Still talking about the Vice President? Isn’t he embarrassed? He got promoted to Vice President because he seemed to have brought Dr. South in as the technical support for the company, right?” 
“He could only recommend someone for technical support, but Mr. Horton has already invited her to the company! When comparing the two…suddenly Mr. Horton seems so mysterious and powerful!” 
“I just asked Group One in R&D. Dr. South has already left! Why did Vice President Horton have to do this? If he hadn’t slandered the beautiful intern, wouldn’t Dr. South still be helping the company anonymously?” 
Tom was very satisfied, wishing he could drop down on his knees in front of Keira! 
Only when Lewis’s voice rang did Tom hastily put down his phone, respectfully asking, “Boss, what you said made sense. After all, which mother would be so cruel to her own child? Throwing the child out and completely ignoring the child when she’s only in middle school ” 
As soon as he finished speaking, Lewis’s face darkened, and his voice was as cold as ice. “Some mothers are like that.” 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
Only then did he realize he had said the wrong thing! 
Lewis’s mother was exactly like that… 
He hurriedly changed the topic. “Boss, you made an appointment to discuss the project with Mr. Allen.” 
“I know.” 
Lewis didn’t continue the previous topic and started preparing to go to the top floor with Tom. 
At the elevator entrance, Isla was clinging to Jake’s arm and pleading desperately, “Jake, I really don’t know what’s going on. Keira must have intentionally hidden her identity from me…” 
Jake pushed her away and scornfully said, “Isla, she’s not that kind of person I’ve known her for four years as a classmate. I guess Dr. South never promised to come to Horton Group as a technology consultant, did she?” 
Isla was stunned. 
Jake said angrily, “My proposal to you was a mistake…” 
Isla cried out in shock, “Jake!” 
Jake continued. “Tomorrow, I’ll formally cancel our engagement.” 
Isla clenched her fists. 
Just then, the elevator doors opened, and Frankie strode out with his secretary. Seeing him, Jake’s face changed, “Mr. Allen?” 
The elegant and amiable Frankie paused. 
Jake smiled and said, “I’m Jake Horton. My uncle mentioned that our two families are going to work together.” 
Frankie slightly nodded, his attitude was polite but distant. “So you are young Mr. Horton, I am here to meet with Mr. Lewis Horton.” 
Upon hearing this, Jake awkwardly stepped aside, “Then, please…” 
Suddenly, a surprised voice rang out, 
“You are Mr. Frankie?” 
Both men turned to see Isla looking shocked. 
She didn’t expect that the older brother of the girl she met at the hospital would turn out to be Frankie. 
Frankie didn’t quite remember her and asked politely, “And who might this be?” 
He gave off an approachable vibe, yet his words showed a sense of distance. Isla’s eyes flickered as she laughed. “Mr. Allen, have you forgotten me? Oceanion First Hospital, your sister, the phone call…”. 
Frankie was taken aback, “Are you the…Good Samaritan who made the call?” Isla smiled slightly, holding onto Jake’s arm as she implicitly admitted, “Mr. Allen, this is my fiance.” 
Only then did Frankie seriously look at Jake. “Young Mr. Horton, what a coincidence.” 
His gaze grazed past Isla, and suddenly suggested, “Mr. Horton and I have some business to discuss, would young Mr. Horton like to join us?” 
Frankie, of course, knew about the situation of the Horton family, and so he had no intention of having any entanglement with the main branch of the Horton family. 
But if Jake is the fiance of his sister’s lifesaver, he couldn’t refuse to help out. 
After all, the Allen family owed a life debt to their savior! 
Jake was stunned by the adulation he was receiving. 
Without Dr. South as his connection, his status was quite awkward in the research and development department. 
The Allen family is a renowned and powerful clan in the capital city, and Frankie specifically named him to participate in the collaboration of the two groups. His status in the company would continue to rise! 
He glanced at Isla and patted her hand, hinting at his intentions. “Isla, I have to get back to business now. I’ll take you to buy our engagement ring tomorrow.” Isla sighed in relief. “Okay.” 
She must marry Jake! 
A while after Frankie left, he suddenly took out his mobile phone, found the contact of the savior of his sister, and sent her a message, “Miss Olsen, when are you free? Could we invite you and your fiance for dinner?]” 
When Keira’s cell phone rang, she was engaged in a conversation downstairs in the lobby with the Vice Chancellor and the Dean of Oceanion University. 
She glanced at it and saw it was a message from a familiar number. 
Being sensitive to numbers, she quickly remembered that this was the number of Rebecca’s brother. 
Keira was also curious about the events that followed that day, so she responded to the message, “How about this weekend?” 
After replying to the message, she realized something was wrong. When did she get a fiance? 
“Dr. South, you are also a graduate of Oceanion University and should understand our educational philosophy. We sincerely invite you to come back to teach…” 
The Vice Chancellor of Oceanion University was very sincere, “We hope you will consider it.” 
Keira looked up, skipped the pleasantries, and said bluntly, “I was originally planning to accept your invitation. After all, I was taught by Professor Miller. But now that Professor Miller is on leave, I heard that his post-graduate students are being treated unfairly.” 
The dean’s face froze, “Dr. South, it’s a misunderstanding… I didn’t knowyou were Dr. South…” 
The Vice-Chancellor interrupted him, “Shut up! Even if she’s an ordinary student, she shouldn’t be expelled without a proper trial! Dr. South, we’ll handle it seriously and hold someone responsible. As for Professor Miller he has served for so many years and has taught many excellent talents for the school. I think he’s very suitable for the position of dean of the Institute of New Energy Science. What do you think?” 
Keira was very satisfied. 
She quickly reached an agreement with the Vice-Chancellor. 
Isla came downstairs to find them talking joyfully. 
She clenched her fists in anger. 
Seeing the respect the Vice-Chancellor showed to Dr. South, a wave of jealousy welled up from within her!! 
After they spoke for a while, the Vice-Chancellor and the dean departed. 
Samuel went to get the car, and Keira waited at the gate. 
Isla quickly walked over, unable to hide the acrid contempt on her face. “Keira do you know why I hate you?” 
Keira didn’t bother to respond to her. 
Still, Isla continued to say, “Aunt Hill told me, your computer password is my mom’s birthday.” 
Keira slowly looked down. 
So, Poppy knew her so well that she could easily unlock the laptop. 
Isla took a step forward, her voice accusing and vicious. “Don’t you have a mother of your own? Why did you use my mother’s birthday as your password? Don’t think I don’t know your little tricks with my mother. Coveting someone else’s mother is disgusting!” 
She emphasized word by word. “Don’t you always dream of taking my place? Dream on! My mother will always be mine and has nothing to do with you! Stop your wishful thinking!!” 
Keira stood dumbfounded, an overwhelming feeling of panic suddenly filled her heart. 
Her deepest desire was exposed, and there was a moment when she felt utterly humiliated. 
Keira sat in Samuel’s sports car. The cold wind messed up her hair, but it didn’t disperse her thoughts. 
She had always been envious that Isla had such a gentle and loving mother. As a child, she dreamed countless times that she had become Isla, with Mrs Olsen combing her hair and telling her stories while she nestled in Mrs. Olsen’s arms, lingering for her gentleness… 
She carefully restrained and suppressed her yearning for Mrs. Olsen and never met her after leaving the Olsen family, but still set that password like a pervert. Watching the scenery on the roadside gradually recede, she gave a bitter smile, picked up her phone to change the password, and entered a new one:1234. When the screen showed that the password change was successful, she felt an emptiness deep in her heart. 
She shouldn’t have yearned for Mrs. Olsen’s maternal love, even less deserved to disturb her life… 
Her eyes felt a bit sour. 
Keira gently raised her head to hide the tears in her eyes. 
Just then, Samuel’s phone rang. 
He picked it up, and a voice came from the other side..”Samuel, I found out the secret about her uncle, Finley Hill, that the boss asked me to investigate!”
###Chapter 63 - 63: Connection
Chapter 63: Connection 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
At those words, Samuel cast a careful glance at Keira. 
From the moment his boss got in the car, she wore an unapproachable demeanor, which kept him on edge, despite being just her driver. 
He cleared his throat. “My boss is next to me. Go ahead.” 
The tone on the other end of the line became more respectful. “Boss, we found out that Finley Hill has been gambling all these years, losing over fifteen thousand each month. A few days ago, he was set up and lost thirty thousand dollars. The people at the casino were about to break his legs when he shouted something, and they let him go. Guess what he shouted?” 
“What?” 
“He said his niece was Miss Olsen!” 
Keira was slightly taken aback, but she didn’t take it much to heart. In the past, whenever Finley sought money from her, he would say things like, “You’re Miss Olsen as well. Why don’t you ask your dad for money?” 
“Boss, did he come to you for the money afterward?” 
Keira responded nonchalantly, “Isla must have given it to him.” 
“She has. I checked his bank transactions; it was deposited two days ago. Plus, I found out that since ten years ago, Isla has been transferring him twenty thousand monthly. Over the years, Isla has given him almost three million. What kind of leverage does he have on her to extort so much money?” 
Keira coldly replied, “Isn’t that what I asked you to investigate?” 
“Boss, don’t get angry. Let me finish!” the other person replied with a playful tone. “I’ve checked everyone surrounding Finley Hill. It turns out he has a pretty tight lip. He hasn’t told anyone. But now, I have an opportunity to pry open his mouth. All I need is a little cooperation from you, Boss.” 
“How can I help?” 
“Yesterday, Finley Hill was cheated in the casino and lost over half a million. He’s desperate. After all, that’s not a small amount. It’ll probably take Isla some time to gather the amount. In the meantime, Finley Hill will have no choice but to turn to you, and that’s when we can squeeze out the secret.” 
Keira frowned. “Were you behind this?” 
“Ahem, just some minor scheme. Don’t worry, Boss. I remember you strictly forbidden partaking in any illegal activities, and I’ve been a law-abiding citizen who never touches drugs or gambling.” 
“…I see.” 
After hanging up the phone, Keira looked up. 
She needs to uncover the secret between Isla and Finley Hill to prevent any harm to Mrs. Olsen. 
Just then, her phone vibrated. It was a message from Mrs. Olsen to Dr. South. “Dr. South, are you busy right now? I’ve been thinking, I have a favor to ask of you…” 
Keira replied. “I’m free at the moment. What’s the matter?” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately sent over a voice message. “Dr. South, here’s the situation. Your design plans for Horton Group were stolen by a young girl named Keira. I would like you to convey to Horton Group that they should not hold her accountable for this.” 
Keira stared at the voice message for a while. 
She never expected Mrs. Olsen to contact her about this matter. 
Perhaps noticing that Keira didn’t respond, Mrs. Olsen sent another voice message. “I know this puts you in a difficult position, but Keira is like a daughter to me. I’ve watched her grow up since she was little. She’s not that kind of person. There must be some misunderstanding. Do you have some free time? Why don’t we meet and talk about it?” 
A daughter… 
Keira’s eyes welled up with tears again! 
She pressed her lips together and replied, “I’m on my way to your house.” 
Having sent the message, she told Samuel, “Drive me to the Olsen’s.” 
Olsen residence. 
After sending the message, Mrs. Olsen took a deep breath, feeling nervous. “Dr. South said he would come here now…” 
Aunt South couldn’t help but interject, “Mrs. Olsen, you’re not fond of socializing, and you have seldom met with outsiders over the years. And yet, for that girl’s sake, you’re voluntarily arranging to meet Dr. South. You are being too meddlesome!” 
Mrs. Olsen’s health was weak, and she lacked the energy, so Aunt South had a soft spot for her. “Why do you have to be so concerned about that woman’s daughter?” 
Mrs. Olsen lowered her head. 
Isla and Taylor weren’t at home, so the two could have a heart-to-heart talk. 
Mrs. Olsen suddenly said, “Aunt South, honestly, even I don’t know.” 
Aunt South was startled. 
Jodie South stared blankly ahead. “As you know, I’ve never been the selfless type, but strangely enough, from the moment I first saw her as a child, I found her adorable. There was this indescribable liking for her in my heart and an uncontrollable desire to protect her. It’s as if she were my own daughter…” 
Aunt South also remembered the young Keira. Recalling the worn-out clothes she wore, and how she was scolded and beaten by Poppy. Aunt South let out a sigh. “She was indeed pitiful. The poor girl got stuck with such an irresponsible mother.” 
However, she quickly changed the subject, “But, Ma’am, she’s an outsider after all. Moreover, her mother was so wicked, and she has never come to visit you since she left. She’s an ungrateful wretch…” 
Mrs. Olsen retorted, “There must be some misunderstanding. Remember, it was Keira who asked Mr. Horton to help get me a room in the hospital and that medicine.” 
Aunt South let out a snort of disapproval. “If she doesn’t even help with that, she really has a cold heart! Mrs. Olsen, don’t let such small kindness sway you. You were also…” 
Before she could finish, Mrs. Olsen turned to look at her. 
Aunt South abruptly stopped. “What I mean is that you have surely experienced everything and should understand that all these earthly possessions are external wealth, and it is the companionship that matters most. Think about Dr. South. He has taken care of you meticulously. How much effort has he spent on you? He sends you gifts every year on your birthday and never skips any festival, just like a real son. If Dr. South doesn’t want to let Keira off the hook, don’t put him in a difficult position. In this case, Dr. South is the real victim…” 
Hearing this, Mrs. Olsen let out a quiet sigh. “I understand.” 
On one side was Keira, whom she had raised since childhood, and on the other was Dr. South, who had sacrificed so much for her. Mrs. Olsen also didn’t want to make Dr. South sad. 
After some time, there was a noise from the entrance. 
Isla had returned home. 
Mrs. Olsen hurriedly stood up, walked over to her, and asked, “Isla, how did Horton Group handle the matter with Keira?” 
Upon seeing Mrs. Olsen’s state, Isla’s fists clenched. “You… Didn’t you ask her?” 
“No, I was afraid that if I asked her directly, it would put pressure on her and make her upset.” 
Isla looked even more upset. “She’s fine. Jake didn’t hold her accountable.” 
Mrs. Olsen sighed in relief. “That’s a relief. Isla, invite Jake over for dinner someday. I would like to thank him properly.” 
Isla’s face tightened, “Okay.” 
Horton Group had issued an order not to disclose Dr. South’s identity to the public. 
Within the company, only the beautiful intern from the R&D division was known as Dr. South, but her real name was not known. 
Just as Isla was pondering over it, the doorbell rang. 
After the nanny opened the door, Keira walked in. 
Mrs. Olsen was surprised and delighted when she saw her, “Keira, what brought you here?” 
Keira responded with a smile, “Didn’t you invite me here?” 
Mrs. Olsen was perplexed. 
While she still looked puzzled, Keira opened Dr. South’s WhatsApp chat and held it out for Mrs. Olsen to see..
###Chapter 64 - 64.: Life-Saver
Chapter 64.: Life-Saver 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Upon seeing the chat messages on the WhatsApp screen, Mrs. Olsen was surprised, and her eyes widened in astonishment. 
Aunt South didn’t quite understand and hurriedly stepped forward to vocalize er concern, Mrs. Olsen, isn’t Dr. South supposed to come? Miss Keira has had some conflicts with Dr. South. It may not be suitable for them to meet, right?” The implication was that Keira should leave right away. 
Aunt South had devoted all her attention to Mrs. Olsen over the years She saw that Mrs. Olsen missed her but Keira never came home, which made Aunt South feel that Keira came across as cold-hearted and didn’t deserve Mrs Olsen’s affection for her. 
As such, her tone was quite rude. 
But as soon as these words left her mouth, Mrs. Olsen grabbed her wrist. “Aunt South, Keira is Dr. South!” 
Aunt South was taken aback. “What?” 
She looked at Keira in surprise, her initial ions and dislikes pulverized in an instant! 
Isla glared angrily at Keira, believing the latter had come to show off! 
Fearing that her mother would delve into the matter too deeply, she turned to run upstairs. 
Mrs. Olsen noticed her actions, frowned slightly, then lightly tapped Keira’s shoulder and complained. “My child, have done so much for this family behind my back. Why are you hiding this from me?” 
Keira had a smile on her face, but her nose was tingling. “I’m sorry.” 
“Why are you apologizing? You’ve always been smart, but I didn’t expect you to achieve this much in your professional field,” said Mrs. Olsen as she took Keira’s hand and led her toward the sofa. “Keira, tell me, what exactly happened with the theft of the plan incident? Was it Isla who framed you?” Keira helped her sit on the sofa and played down the situation. “It’s just a misunderstanding.” 
Mrs. Olsen’s health wasn’t good, so she hadn’t been managing the company and house affairs for years. She was upright and generous, teaching her children to always act with a clear conscience. 
If she knew that her own daughter had set someone up, she would definitely be heartbroken, which would eventually harm her body. 
Keira didn’t want to disturb her and gently changed the subject. “I came here today because I want you to help me with something.” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately asked, “What is it?” 
Keira contemplated for a moment, “I…I have a friend who received some information. In the near future, the price of a stock is going to rise. She wanted me to invest in it. However, my company is about to go public, and I don’t have enough liquid assets…” 
Mrs. Olsen understood and cut her off. “How much do you need?” 
Having kept a close eye on the Olsens’ assets, Keira was well aware of what the company and the family had at their disposal. She carefully cited a figure “Fifteen million.” 
Assessing Isla’s situation, if she borrowed most of the Olsen family’s money, 
Isla wouldn’t be able to gather the five million for Finley Hill. 
Mrs. Olsen thought for a moment and said, ”1 have a total of seventeen million thirty thousand, in the house and at the company. How about I lend you seventeen million, will that be enough?” 
Warmth flickered in Keira’s heart. “Yes.” 
She hoped that the secret between Isla and Finley Hill would not affect Mrs Olsen. 
In this way, out of respect for Mrs. Olsen, she might consider helping cover for Isla. 
But if Isla hurt Mrs. Olsen, Keira would act ruthlessly! 
After leaving the house, Samuel dropped her off at the hospital. 
At that moment, a luxury car parked in the parking lot. 
Lewis got out of the Bentley, and his sleek black suit accentuated his slender figure, intensifying his inherently remarkable face’s compelling allure. 
Tom saw Keira and hastily greeted her with a kicked-up level of respect “Miss Olsen, you are back!” 
Lewis instinctively looked up. Keira usually had such a defiant look, but she was deep in thought with a hint of melancholy on her face. 
Upon hearing Tom’s voice, she turned to look at him, stalling her steps as if waiting for them. 
Lewis stepped up instinctively to join her, and they walked side by side. 
He glanced at her unchanged expression, seemingly contemplating something and initiated a casual conversation. “Miss Olsen, are you upset because of your ’ mother?” 
Keira looked at him, “Hmm?” 
Lewis looked straight ahead, his deep voice gradually lowering as he said, “In truth, some familial bonds don’t need to be forced. Some people aren’t fit to be mothers. It’s perfectly okay that you treat them as strangers.” 
Keira opened her mouth, wanting to say that she wasn’t upset about this, but seeing the usually inarticulate man looking serious, she paused momentarily. There was a tree-lined pathway from the parking lot to the inpatient department; sunshine filtered through the leaves, speckling his profile and adding a touch of loneliness to his handsome face. 
He had just said “them”… 
Remembering old Mrs. Horton’s garrulousness, Keira realized that the old lady never mentioned Lewis’s mother… Did that mean they shared the same misfortune? 
Suddenly, Keira gave him a big smile, “You’re right.” 
Her laughter was infectious as if all her worries dissipated with her smile, which lifted Lewis’s mood as well. 
He awkwardly shifted his gaze and changed the subject, “Don’t worry I’ve already instructed the R&D department not to reveal your identity.” ’ Keira’s eyes lit up gently. “Thank you.” 
She wasn’t ready to reveal her identity to avoid unnecessary disturbances from the industry. 
Lewis replied indifferently, “You’re welcome.” 
Keira suddenly remembered something. “You said earlier today that you had some news about Samuel to tell me. What is it?” 
Upon hearing this, Lewis’s expression tensed slightly. 
Tom, who was trailing the two, couldn’t help but stop in his tracks, feeling embarrassed. 
Originally, he thought Samuel was Keira’s boyfriend, so the boss wanted to warn her that Samuel was a womanizer. But to his surprise, Samuel was actually working for Keira! How could he convey this now? 
While Tom was thinking, he heard Lewis casually say, “Well, I think Samuel is indeed a steady, hard-working, and reliable asset. He’s a great employee.” Tom twitched at the corner of his mouth. 
On the other hand, Keira was confused. 
Why did that sound so familiar? 
As she was about to ask further, Lewis’s phone rang. He breathed a sigh of relief. He quickened his pace to put some distance between them and then answered the call. Whatever was said at the other end quickly darkened his face. 
Seeing this, Tom whispered, “It must be regarding the collaboration with the Allen family again. I don’t know what got into Frankie Allen. He suddenly pulled Jake Horton into the project and insisted on discussing the details of future cooperation with Jake…” 
Upon saying this, he couldn’t help adding, “Originally, you made Jake lose face today, but now he’s back on his feet and is even more arrogant than before. I have no idea how he got involved with the Allen family…” 
While talking, the three of them entered the inpatient department. 
Keira was about to go to the third floor when a familiar figure caught her eye. Rebecca Allen and a middle-aged couple were sitting in the lobby, seemingly waiting for someone.. When they saw her, they stood upright, eyes gleaming with recognition, and Rebecca called out, “My life-saver!”
###Chapter 65 - 65: Visitation
Chapter 65: Visitation 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Lewis walked faster and had already gone up the stairs. 
Keira walked over to Rebecca. 
She was wearing a patient’s uniform and sitting in a wheelchair. An older woman by her side quickly helped her sit down when she tried to stand up in excitement. “You should sit down.’ 
Rebecca, after sitting, introduced the two people beside her to Keira. “Miss, 
these are my parents.” 
As soon as she finished, Rebecca’s mother Mrs. Allen grabbed Keira’s hand, eyes red with gratitude. “Good girl, thank you for saving our Rebecca. I asked the nurses about the situation afterward. Without you, Rebecca wouldn’t have made it!” 
Keira was unsure how to react to such a show of sentiment. She simply said, 
“Don’t worry about it.” 
Seeing Keira’s discomfort, Mr. Allen stepped in. “Miss Olsen, the Allen family is indebted to you. In the future, should you need anything, please do not hesitate to ask.” 
Keira said, “Mr. Allen, you’re too kind. It was nothing more than a fortuitous 
act.” 
She turned to Rebecca. “Have you had your surgery? 
■Yes, I’ll need to go through physical rehabilitation from now on. Miss, I’ll be staying in the rehab building. Would you come and visit me when you’re free?”
“Sure.” 
Rebecca wasn’t well enough to stay outside for long, so the two of them exchanged WhatsApp contacts before parting ways. 
As Mrs. Allen pushed Rebecca back to her ward, she commented, “Miss Olsen has such clear eyes. She seems to be a good person…Honey, are you listening? 
What are you thinking about?” 
Mr. Allen came back to his senses, “Ah, I just… Miss Olsen looks familiar…” 
“Familiar how?” 
Frankie’s voice came from the ward, interrupting them. They didn’t realize that Frankie and a stranger were sitting on the couch in the room. 
The stranger immediately stood up and greeted them when he saw them, 
“Hello, Mr. Allen, Mrs. Allen, Miss Allen.” 
Mr. Allen wasn’t pleased. He felt that his son had disturbed Rebecca. 
Rebecca also didn’t want to see outsiders. 
just as everyone was feeling a bit resistant, Frankie spoke up, “This is Miss 
Olsen’s fiance, Mr. Jake Horton. He’s come to visit Rebecca.” 
The three of them immediately changed their expressions after hearing this. 
Rebecca curiously looked at Jake. 
Mr. and Mrs. Allen exchanged a few words with him. 
After Jake left, Mr. and Mrs. Allen shared a glance and said in a low voice, “Miss Olsen seems so elegant and refined. It’s a shame her fiance is so… well, we can’t judge others choices.” 
“Elegant and refined?” Frankie thought of Isla, brow furrowing, “Mom, Dad, you guys can really misjudge someone! What Miss Olsen wants is far more than you think!” 
Mr. Allen was taken aback, “She hasn’t made any requests!” 
Frankie scoffed. “She introduced her fiance to me, clearly asking me to support him. If our cooperation with the Horton Group is successful, we’ll be supporting the main branch of the Horton family! Lewis isn’t easy to handle. She’s been roping us into this dispute, isn’t that enough? At least she’s sensible enough not to make any other requests. 
Mr. Allen frowned, “I didn’t expect Miss Olsen to be that kind of person!” Mrs. Allen also sighed, “She saved Rebecca. We should try to return this favor as much as we can. It’s a pity though. I thought Rebecca could have gained a close friend.” 
Upon hearing this, Frankie looked displeased at Rebecca. “In the future, try to avoid Miss Olsen and her fiance. They’re not good people. We’re lucky we could return their favor with money this time.” 
Rebecca’s expression changed. “Miss Olsen isn’t that kind of person!” Frankie sighed, “Rebecca, haven’t you learned your lesson? You can’t judge a book by its cover.” 
Rebecca was adamantly silent. 
Miss Olsen was the person who gave her hope in the last moment of her life. 
She didn’t believe that Miss Olsen was that kind of person… 
Although old Mrs. Horton had mentioned before that she didn’t want other members of the Horton family to visit her, Jake still headed toward her ward after arriving at the hospital. 
He arrived at the door and through the glass window, he saw Lewis and Keira sitting on the couch, both working on their laptops. They weren’t talking, but the harmonious scene still stung his eyes. 
He walked in, greeted old Mrs. Horton, and then left. 
As he was passing by Lewis, he suddenly halted. 
in the past, the person he was most afraid of was his young uncle. However, Keira ignored Jake the whole time today, not even giving him a glance, which made Jake feel as if she was high above and untouchable. 
An unidentifiable rage welled up in his chest, giving him a bit more courage. He said, “Uncle, Mr. Allen values me greatly. He said to let me take charge of this project, but it seems my title as vice president of the R&D department isn’t enough. Maybe the position of director of the project department should be given to me?” 
The moment he voiced this, the atmosphere in the entire ward suddenly turned strange. 
Keira didn’t respond but only looked at Lewis. 
By demanding power and status directly, was Jake using the backing of the Allen family to brazenly challenge Lewis? It was difficult to say if Lewis would compromise… 
Lewis looked up, his dark eyes sweeping past Jake. Then, he nonchalantly said, “You think the position of the director of the project department is enough?” 
Those words… 
Jake’s heart leaped with joy. It seemed that the Allen family did put pressure on his uncle! 
But just as he was digesting this, Lewis’ low voice resonated again. “What about my position then?” 
Jake’s breath hitched, and he felt an invisible pressure hit him head-on. Of course, he wanted the position of the person in charge of the family! 
But his uncle seemed to put it so lightly, yet his voice carried an undercurrent of rage, especially the icy depths of his black eyes… Jake felt a shiver down his spine. He felt out of his depth, and his heart was pounding! 
He swallowed and finally bowed his head. “I wouldn’t dare.” 
Even though he didn’t look up, he could still feel the gaze that seemed to have turned tangible. Jake felt a chill creep down his spine. After a long pause, he heard Lewis’ indifferent voice. “In the future, if there’s nothing important, don’t come to Grandma’s place. 
Jake let out a huge sigh of relief and left. 
Once he’d left the ward, he was filled with regret and shame, feeling that he had lost face in front of Keira! 
Inside the ward… 
After seeing Jake leave in a huff, Tom snorted. “The project hasn’t even started yet, and he wants a promotion. I’ve never seen someone so arrogant. However, boss, wouldn’t your blatant rejection upset things with the Allen family?” 
Lewis was silent. 
Tom quietly sighed. 
Seeing this, Keira cautiously asked, “Is there something I can help with?” Tom immediately replied, “The cooperation project with the Allen’s isn’t about new energy, so you can’t help. Besides, you don’t even know anyone in the Allen family…” 
Keira didn’t say anything more. 
The room remained silent throughout the night. 
The next morning, Tom brought news. “Turns out that boss Alien’s sister is hospitalized in this very hospital. Boss, you should visit her, not only because it’s the right thing to do, but also to improve our relationship with the Allen family.” 
Lewis frowned. “It’s inappropriate.” 
Tom thought for a moment, “Indeed, it’s inappropriate as she’s a lady…” He suddenly looked toward Keira. “Miss Olsen, you’re Mr. Horton’s wife in name. Perhaps you can accompany Mr. Horton for a visit?” Hearing this, Lewis paused while he was tying his tie but didn’t . 
Seeing this, Keira nodded. “Okay..”
###Chapter 66 - 66:Past Events
Chapter 66:Past Events 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Upon hearing their conversation, Old Mrs. Horton asked curiously, “Which Allen family?” 
Tom instinctively glanced at Lewis, not daring to respond. 
Lewis, however, explained, “The Allen family from Glance.” 
The moment these words escaped his lips, a semblance of shock washed over Old Mrs. Horton’s face. 
Keira, who was acutely perceptive, sensed that the atmosphere in the room had become slightly tense. 
Her doe-like eyes subtly surveyed Lewis before discreetly observing Tom. 
Tom discreetly signaled her to avoid speaking recklessly. 
At this moment, the nurse came in with breakfast. Keira assisted Old Mrs. Horton towards the table where the food had been arranged. 
The three of them usually refrained from talking while they were dining. However, today, after Old Mrs. Horton finished half her bowl of milk, she set her spoon down, “Brat, isn’t it better for you not to work with the Allen family?” 
Keira glanced at Lewis. 
The man lowered his gaze. His long eyelashes veiled his thoughts, making them inscrutable. 
Seeing this, Tom immediately suggested, “Miss Olsen, if it’s alright, shall we go and ask the doctor about Old Mrs. Horton’s health status?” 
Keira deduced from these words that Tom was trying to clear the room. The rest of the conversation, she surmised, wasn’t meant for them to hear. 
She picked up the half-eaten sandwich and was about to leave the room with Tom, when Old Mrs. Horton grabbed her arm, “My dear, you don’t need to leave. You’re one of us, not an outsider. Sooner or later, you’ll know about the mess in this family!” 
Tom instinctively looked toward Lewis. 
Lewis knitted his brows, looking slightly displeased. He opened his mouth but eventually said nothing. 
Tom left the room quietly, closing the door behind him. He stood guard outside to prevent anyone from barging in and to avert any eavesdropping. 
Seeing this, Keira understood that she was about to learn some of the Horton family’s secrets. She felt awkward, not knowing whether to stay or to leave. After all, she wasn’t Lewis’s real wife or lover. Was it appropriate for her to listen to their conversation? 
Just as she was caught in this dilemma, Old Mrs. Horton began addressing her, “My dear, I’ve never spoken to you about my spoiled brat’s mother, have I?” Keira cautiously glanced at Lewis and noticed that he was casually eating his bread without any intention of interrupting their conversation. She went ahead and asked, “Was Mr. Horton’s mother related to the Allen family?” Old Mrs. Horton let out a sigh without really noticing their subtle interaction and confessed, “She has no connection with the Allen family but with Mrs. Allen. In fact, the brat’s mother is Mrs. Alien’s sister.” 
She went on about the past, “Years ago, we wanted to establish a marital alliance with the Davis family from Clance. My unsuccessful son had divorced once in his youth. When he was just over forty, he married a girl in her twenties from the Davis family. After she became pregnant, we discovered that his ex-wife had secretly raised a son – Lewis’s older brother.” 
Keira was mentally sorting these relationships. 
That Miss Davis would have been Lewis’s mother. 
Her father-in-law, Nathan Horton, had a son with his ex-wife. That child was Lewis’s older brother, Oliver Horton, who was also Jake Horton’s father. 
Oliver and Lewis were half-brothers. No wonder they were at odds. 
Old Mrs. Horton continued. “Marrying a man nearly twice her age was hardly an attractive prospect for the young Miss Davis. It was solely a business alliance. She was fairly reluctant, and upon discovering the deceit, she was furious. She was a hot-tempered woman and chose a C-section while she was seven months pregnant. After giving birth to the brat, she sought a drastic divorce and went back to the Davis’s. Rightfully so, the Davis family grew to resent the Horton family, and all communications between the two families were severed.” 
Old Mrs. Horton looked somewhat distressed after recounting this. 
Keira pursed her lips, looking toward Lewis. 
Whether Lewis’s father, Nathan Horton, knew about the existence of his son, and whether he had truly deceived Lewis’s mother had now become a topic of irrelevance. Regardless, there was no arguing that Miss Davis had every right to demand a divorce. 
But how could she be so heartless as to abandon her child, born prematurely at seven months, with the Horton family? 
Couldn’t she have waited till after the divorce to have the child or waited just two more months until he was fully ready for birthing? 
He was already a seven-month fetus. He was a life! 
She recollected something Old Mrs. Horton had once mentioned – that Lewis, as a newborn, was only around one and a half pounds. He had been placed in a neonatal intensive care unit for three months, with tubes fitted across his body. His condition had been so severe that several times, he had nearly failed to survive, which was why the old lady ended up nicknaming him “Puppy”… So that was how it happened! 
She was reminded of what Lewis had said to comfort her. “Some people don’t deserve to be mothers. You can simply treat them as strangers”. Keira drew a deep breath. She felt her chest tighten. 
The truth was, Lewis was just like her. He was also abandoned by his biological mother. 
She looked at Lewis, who was drinking milk with his head lowered. His handsome features looked as tough as iron, making him seem distant. That aloof demeanor seemed to carry a sense of brokenness. 
Keira felt a tug at her heartstrings. She felt a sudden urge to hold him… 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed, knitting her brows. “I heard that Mrs. Allen and the brat’s biological mother were extremely close sisters. This led to the Allen family’s disapproval of the Horton family all these years. Everyone had perspectives of their own, and none was right or wrong. If this is going to strain your relationship, is it necessary to force this partnership?” Lewis put down his glass of milk, gracefully wiped his mouth with a napkin, and finally looked up, “We are all adults, and business always boils down to’ interests. We don’t bring up past grudges.” 
He got up. “Grandma, don’t worry. I won’t let myself be wronged.” 
Keira followed behind Lewis as they walked from the hospital ward toward the rehabilitation department. 
However, they were stopped at the entrance of the rehab department. 
Frankie’s secretary apologized with a grim expression. “Mr. Horton, Miss Allen isn’t in good condition. It’s not convenient for her to entertain visitors.” 
Upon hearing this, Tom lashed out furiously, “It’s an honor for the Allen family that our Mr. Horton has deigned to visit! They dare to drive us away?” 
The secretary quickly clarified. “No offense, she really isn’t doing well…” 
Before Tom could retort, Lewis intervened, “Let’s go.” 
The trio began heading back the way they came. 
En route, Tom was infuriated. “That’s an outrage! Do they really think we’re afraid of them? We’re simply trying to avoid causing trouble!” 
The day before, Jake paid a visit to the patient, but they were stopped today. Should this leak, wouldn’t it make their boss look weak?! 
Lewis, however, calmly remarked, “Frankie Allen isn’t one to be arrogant. His sister must be truly unwell.” 
Only then did Tom stop complaining. 
Lewis was due at the company. Therefore, he parted ways with Tom at the parking area. 
Keira let out a sigh, preparing to return to Old Mrs. Horton’s ward. 
Just then, her phone beeped. 
It was a message from Rebecca’s brother. “Miss Olsen, could you please come by the hospital? Rebecca’s not doing well, and she insists on seeing you.” Keira looked puzzled. 
Rebecca’s brother…. His name was Frankie Allen, wasn’t it?
###Chapter 67 - 67: Misjudgment
Chapter 67: Misjudgment 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira gazed at the text message, offering a dry smile. 
She had always had a good memory. That day when she called Rebecca’s brother, he introduced himself as Frankie Allen. 
She hadn’t paid much attention then. Now, putting all the coincidences together, she could confirm that Mr. Allen, who worked with Horton Group, had a sister named Rebecca Allen. 
What a coincidence. 
She replied to the message. “Alright, on my way now.” 
The atmosphere in Rebecca’s hospital room was tense at this moment. 
Frankie Allen held his mobile phone and saw the reply from the other party. Only then did he turn his head toward his sister, who was still lying on the hospital bed without moving a muscle. 
Her little face was pale, and she was curled up on the bed. 
Mr. Allen and Mrs. Allen were anxiously pacing around the room, “Rebecca, how will you get better if you refuse to cooperate in therapy? Please accept the treatment, will you?” 
Rebecca, however, was stubborn. “Unless you allow me to see Miss Olsen, I won’t undergo any treatment!” 
Frankie frowned. 
He knew that his sister had been overly protected since childhood, which resulted in her becoming headstrong. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have eloped with her boyfriend back then. 
A pure-hearted person like his sister would be safe her whole life if she was surrounded by good friends, but if surrounded by bad people, like her ex-husband, the consequences would be unimaginable. 
Therefore, Frankie would forcefully interfere with her friendships and wouldn’t let her meet “Miss Olsen” again. 
Mr. Allen, being a doting father, looked directly at Frankie. “Did you call Miss Olsen?” 
Frankie had just been forced to reply to his sister’s message. Fuming, he responded to his father, “Yes, I called her.” 
Mr. Allen then hurriedly inquired, “Will she come?” 
Rebecca also looked at him with anticipation. 
Frankie took a deep breath, “With an opportunity to grant favors like this, how could she possibly not come? She says she’ll arrive soon.” 
Rebecca’s eyes twinkled upon hearing his words. 
Mr. Allen also heaved a sigh of relief. Seeing that his son wasn’t pleased, he took the initiative to scold Rebecca, “Rebecca, you really are stubborn this time! Your brother is never wrong in judging people. After all, we all want what’s best for you!” 
Mrs. Allen also chimed in, “Rebecca, you indeed went too far. Our family’s relationship with the Horton family is complicated. If it weren’t for the fact that we were exclusively working with the Horton family on this project, I would have never wanted to associate ourselves with them again. The Horton family has humiliated your aunt in the past, our relationship with them has always been complicated, especially with the main branch, which is at odds with Lewis Horton…” 
She took a deep breath, “Even if the relationship is terrible, Lewis is still your aunt’s biological son. Now we are helping the main branch of the Hortons to repay this favor. It simply doesn’t make sense. Don’t blame your brother for being callous. Miss Olsen is invited to accompany you. All these are favors that he has to repay.” 
But Rebecca looked at them. “Miss Olsen isn’t that kind of person! As my brother said, she simply introduced her fiance to my brother. Maybe that was all to it!” 
Her parents and brother couldn’t understand the feeling she had. She was saved on the brink of death, and Miss Olsen was like a savior! 
She had suffered the betrayal of her husband and was going through the stages of confusion, shock, and fear. Although her parents were there to accompany her, they were elders, and there would naturally be a gap in their thinking. 
Moreover, Rebecca had her own pride. 
She didn’t want her parents to see her weakness because it reminded her of how errant her decision was back then… 
She also had the desire to confide, to find someone she thought she could rely on to pour out the pain in her heart. 
The person she trusted the most at the moment was Miss Olsen… 
Listening to her naive words, Frankie scowled. “In business, people don’t express their intentions directly. Having interacted with so many people, it’s clear to me what her intentions were. That blatant scheming expression on her face was downright tacky!” 
At that time, Isla almost had her intentions pasted on her face. 
Rebecca became agitated. “You must have misunderstood. Miss Olsen isn’t that kind of person! Brother, I don’t want to hear you badmouth my savior anymore!” 
Mr. Allen quickly added. “Alright, your brother was just warning you. Je did invite her over, didn’t he?” 
Mrs. Allen also didn’t say anything more. After all, their daughter’s health was the most important. 
Frankie had been forced by his parents to send the message. At this moment, he felt nothing but anger. He turned and walked out of the room. 
Mrs. Allen asked, “Where are you going?” 
“Work.” 
Frankie walked straight out of the door. If he stayed any longer, he was afraid his recalcitrant sister might enrage him to death! 
Moreover, he had just prevented Lewis Horton from visiting the room. He had to go explain to Lewis Horton himself. 
Lewis wasn’t someone easy to deal with. 
The collaboration with Horton Group was beneficial to both parties, and Frankie merely proposed Jake see to this project, so the request wasn’t outrageous, and Lewis Horton was willing to comply. 
However, Frankie wouldn’t dare to be excessive, and Lewis Horton wouldn’t allow it either. 
Although the two might not have a cordial relationship because of their elders, when it came to project collaboration, they had a mutual understanding. 
With a gloomy face, Frankie strode to the elevator. 
Ding. 
As the elevator door opened, a stunning woman came out. 
Even though Frankie wasn’t in a good mood, he couldn’t help but glance at her. 
Upon looking at her, he paused a little. 
This woman looked somewhat familiar. 
On the night when Miss Olsen saved Rebecca, her hair was disheveled and covered her face, so Frankie didn’t get a good look at her. He only had a vague impression of her. 
When Isla claimed to be that person, he unwittingly merged the vague image in his mind with her. 
Therefore, upon seeing Keira, apart from feeling familiar, he had no other thoughts. 
He brushed past Keira, stepped into the elevator, and headed for the ground floor. 
Keira did glance at him but didn’t say anything. 
Thinking of him siding with Jake inside the Horton Group, she found it quite annoying. 
Keira entered the ward. 
After seeing her, Rebecca’s mood improved greatly. After chatting with Keira briefly, she agreed to undergo rehabilitation training. 
Mr. Allen and Mrs. Allen looked at her from the side and quietly discussed among themselves. 
“Miss Olsen’s eyes are clear. She doesn’t look like those flatterers, right?” 
“I also think so. Does Frankie have issues judging people?” 
“No way, our son has been accurate all these years. Or maybe she’s too good at hiding…” 
Keira then received a call, and the person on the other end mentioned that they were from the police station. They stated that Rebecca’s husband and mother-in-law were part of a murder case, so they needed to double-check the statement. They wanted her to go to the police station to give a more detailed statement. 
Keira said, “No problem. I’ll be on my way.” 
Meanwhile. 
Not long after leaving the hospital, Frankie received a call from the police station. “Mr. Allen, we need you to handle some formalities for your sister’s case. Do you have time to come over now?” 
Frankie answered with an icy voice, “I’m on my way..”
###Chapter 68 - 68: Meeting
Chapter 68: Meeting 
Translator: Henyee Translations , Editor: Henyee Translations 
Isla also received a call from the police station. 
As a witness who saw the whole incident, when she discovered that Rebecca’s brother was no ordinary person, she cooperated with the police to provide her statement and didn’t dare to lie. 
She was more than happy to oblige, so she happily agreed. 
By testifying for Rebecca, she could make Frankie indebted to her again… Just as she was feeling triumphant, her phone suddenly rang again. She glanced at the caller ID. Her face darkened. It was Finley Hill! 
While she wanted to hang up, she didn’t dare to. Finally, she reluctantly picked up, “What?” 
“Dear niece, you have to help me! If I can’t pay back the money this time, I’ll be beaten to death!” Finley Hill’s voice made Isla frown and irritated. 
She clenched her fist. “How much?” 
“Five million.” 
“How much?!” Isla’s voice suddenly rose, feeling like she must have heard him wrong. 
Although the Olsen family was wealthy and gave her an allowance of 150 000 every month since middle school, Olsen’s current cash deposit was only a few million. Along with the company’s working capital, it didn’t even reach twenty million. 7 
She thought that the two million from last time would keep Finley Hill occupied for a while, but it had only been a few days, and Finley Hill needed five million more! 
However, Finley Hill wasn’t at all intimidated. “Can you afford it or not? If you can’t, they’ll kill me, then I’ll have to talk to Keira.” 
Isla’s pupils contracted. 
“You have two days. If the money isn’t in my account by then, don’t blame me for revealing your and Keira’s origins. After all, one’s life is the most important, right?” 
After leaving these words, Finley Hill hung up. The infuriated Isla threw her cell phone to the ground. 
She took a deep breath. 
To come up with such a large sum of five million, she could only ask her family for help. y 
Thinking of this, Isla began to hesitate and falter. 
Although Keira didn’t expose her for stealing Dr. South’s emails, Mrs. Olsen seemed to have guessed something. Starting from yesterday, she wasn’t in a good mood toward Isla. 
Isla frowned and went to Mrs. Olsen’s room. 
As she got close, she heard Mrs. Olsen asking, “Where is Poppy Hill? She seemed to have disappeared for a few days.” 
Taylor answered, “Who cares what she’s doing? Maybe she went back to her brother’s place. She’d better not come back at all. I get annoyed every time I see her.” 
Outside, Isla’s eyes flickered. 
She collected her emotions, walked in with red eyes, and choked out, “Mom Dad.” 
Mrs. Olsen got up to comfort her but hesitated and sat back down on the sofa. 
Taylor frowned and asked, “Isla, did you upset your mother?” 
Isla began to cry. “Mom, I was wrong. I shouldn’t have framed Keira. I was just jealous of the attention you gave her.” 
Her tears seemed genuine. “Mom, Keira is so capable now. She’s Dr. South and can arrange hospital rooms for you, but I am not as good as her. I am a bit scared that your love for her will surpass your love for me… When I was studying with her, classmates teased me, saying that my parents were getting a divorce and you were buying clothes and food for her. They also said that you didn’t want me anymore and wanted her as a daughter… That’s why I was always more concerned about her…” 
Mrs. Olsen’s expression softened visibly. She stepped toward Isla and sighed. “How can you be so narrow-minded? Moreover, Keira kept her distance because she was aware of this. She hasn’t come home in years. She’s not trying to take me away from you, and I won’t love her more than you either! Stop thinking too much from now on!” 
Isla sobbed. “Really?” 
Mrs. Olsen chuckled. “You’re all grown up. How can I lie to you?” 
Isla chuckled through her tears. “Then tell me you love me the most.” 
Mrs. Olsen said in resignation. “Okay, I love you the most.” 
Isla’s smile grew more genuine, but then she heard Mrs. Olsen mention something else. “You should stop seeing Keira as your imagined enemy!” 
Her smile faltered, and a shadow crossed her eyes. 
Isla lowered her head. “I won’t anymore. I’m sorry for what I did.” 
After placating Mrs. Olsen, Isla finally spoke up. “Mom, I’m going to buy a wedding ring with Jake today. I thought I should buy a gift for him as well.” Mrs. Olsen nodded in approval. “Good. We shouldn’t take advantage of him.” Isla, who had a job now, had a monthly living expense of 300,000. 
She lived at home and didn’t usually spend too much money. 
Mrs. Olsen assumed that Isla would have accumulated millions in her private coffers and hence didn’t perceive any subtext in Isla’s words. 
Isla’s expression froze momentarily. She gritted her teeth and decided to be candid. “After 1 got together with Jake, my expenses have increased somewhat… I’m a bit short ofcash now…” 
Only then did Mrs. Olsen understand. “I still have over three hundred thousand here. I’ll transfer it to you later.” 
Isla choked on her words. “Only over three hundred thousand?” 
Mrs. Olsen sighed, “Yes, I lent my money to Keira. She wanted to buy some stocks…” 
Before Isla could express her dissatisfaction, Taylor got in first. “Buying stocks? The stock market is doing so badly now. Who would join at this time? It’s utter nonsense! What if we lose that money?” 
But Mrs. Olsen waved him off. “She said a friend gave her a tip, so we won’t lose money. Besides, even if we lose money, just consider it as a gift for her. Over the years, she has brought billions of profits to the company. Giving her over ten million isn’t enough to thank her.” 
Taylor frowned, clearly not satisfied. 
But Isla felt a surge of anxiety, realizing that she couldn’t get her hands on five million in a short time… 
She walked downstairs in a daze and got in Jake Horton’s car. 
Jake seemed rather lively. “Isla, my father was very happy to hear that you saved Mr. Allen’s sister. He transferred some money this morning and asked me to buy some nice jewelry for you as a gift from him!” 
Isla’s eyes flickered with guilt. “Let’s go to the police station first. They need me to make a record for Mr. Alien’s sister’s case.” 
Jake smiled. “Sure, I’ll drop you off.” 
When they arrived, they ran into Frankie Allen in the parking lot. 
Seeing Isla, Frankie understood why she was there. Thinking of her coming here to testify, his resentment toward her lessened. “Miss Olsen, thank you for making this trip.” 
Isla smiled, “No problem.” 
The three of them exchanged greetings and were about to enter the police station when they ran into Keira, who was coming out. 
Keira was the first to arrive at the police station. 
She recounted again the events of that day from start to end, confirmed that the statement was accurate, and signed and sealed the statement. She then headed out. 
The police officer who saw her out was still speaking to her. “Miss Olsen, you decided on the spot to save someone. We’ve decided to commend you orally. We are preparing to issue a public announcement..”
###Chapter 69 - 69: Demand
Chapter 69: Demand 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
When she heard that an announcement was to be made, Keira hastily said, There’s no need for such an announcement…” 
“Yes, there is,” the officer replied with a smile. “We need to promote good deeds and those who perform them so that others can be inspired. That’s our public relations department’s job.” 
Keira resignedly said, “Alright.” 
When they reached the entrance, they bumped into Frankie and Isla. 
They were registering. Once the officer in charge of reception saw the two next to Keira, he called out, “Officer Cohen, these two are here about Rebecca Alien’s murder case too; you might as well take them in.” 
Frankie and Isla turned around when they heard his words. 
Isla’s pupils contracted slightly when she saw Keira. 
Frankie had perceived something. His eyebrows knitted together in thought. This woman was also here for his sister’s case? 
Keira scanned them with a quick glance, then looked away. Feeling no inclination to get involved with these people, she proceeded to exit the building. 
“Please wait a moment. I’ll take you in as soon as I escort this young lady out,” Officer Cohen said. 
Frankie nodded, a thoughtful expression on his face. He looked toward Isla and asked, “Was that young lady also present when what happened to my sister occurred?” 
Jake also looked at Isla. 
He knew about how Isla and Frankie became acquainted, but if Keira had also saved Rebecca Allen, how was he going to win over Frankie? 
Isla’s eyes cooled a fraction, and she gave a bitter, rueful smile. “Mr. Allen, that’s my sister. We were indeed together at the time…It was actually her who Rebecca first asked for help, but Keira’s always been rather aloof. She didn’t mean to turn Rebecca away. Jake, you know about her personality.” Jake frowned, “She is indeed cold-hearted and aloof. She doesn’t enjoy socializing with others.” 
Isla sighed, “She stopped me from calling you, saying that those who are lost in love all deserved to die…” 
As she said that, she seemed to realize what she had implied and quickly covered her mouth. “Don’t be angry, Mr. Allen. I don’t think Rebecca took it to heart…” 
Frankie’s face had already become as dark as storm clouds. 
He thought of when Rebecca came to after her surgery after he had rescued her. The first words she had spoken were, “Brother, do people as foolish as me deserve to live?” 
At the time, he had thought it was because she was lovesick. But it was actually because of someone else’s insults?! 
Jake couldn’t help but frown. “She’s indeed sensible. Despite having so many pursuers in university, she never agreed to date anyone. I suppose such a person might never develop feelings for anyone else in her lifetime! Maybe in her eyes, love is synonymous with foolishness!” 
He clenched his fists. 
Had she seen him in this way in the past too? 
He suddenly felt a tightness in his chest. He looked at Isla. “You two go ahead with the deposition. I’ll wait for you outside.” 
After he left them with these words, he rushed out the door. 
Frankie’s gaze fell on Jake, deep in thought. 
Meanwhile, Isla casually asked, “When do you plan to return to Clance, Mr. Allen? How is your sister doing? I’m sure that the hospitals there are better than here in Oceanion?” 
Frankie averted his gaze. “Yes, we’ll be signing the contracts today, and I’m planning to take Rebecca back to Clance for her recovery the day after tomorrow. We don’t wish to impose on you, Miss Olsen.” 
Given Keira’s determined nature, Frankie would feel safer if Rebecca were further away from her. 
Isla breathed a sigh of relief. 
She feared that if Frankie stayed in Oceanion for too long, he would discover the truth. It would be best if he left soon. 
Outside the police station. 
Keira was standing by the roadside waiting for her ride. 
As she stood there, a shadow fell beside her, and Jake’s voice drifted into her ears, “Keira, I never would have guessed that you were Dr. South, but don’t you realize that without strong financial backing, launching a business is no easy task? In the commercial world, connections often matter more than actual capability…” 
Keira’s expression was aloof and cold as she glanced at him but said nothing. 
Jake felt like he was being suffocated. 
He remembers when she had this indifferent attitude toward everyone but him in university. He never imagined that one day, her coldness would be targeted at him. 
Exasperated, he burst out, “Keira, you’re so cold! You’re always so indifferent toward others. You deserve to lose this great opportunity!” 
Keira tilted her head, puzzled. What chance had she missed? 
At that moment, her ride arrived. 
She ignored Jake’s rambling, got into the car, and drove off. 
Watching her leave, Jake knew he had completely lost her. 
But he had no regrets! 
Even after realizing she was Dr. South, he had no regrets. He could never marry an illegitimate daughter!! 
Only after he had spent a lot of time convincing himself did he finally calm down. 
As Isla and Frankie completed their deposition and left the police station, Jake promptly went over to welcome them. 
Frankie said, “Apologies for delaying Miss Olsen and Mr. Horton’s date.” 
Isla laughed. “Don’t be so formal. It was my responsibility after all. Mr. Allen, where are you off to now?” 
Frankie looked at the time. “I have an agreement to sign with Mr. Horton today. After signing the contract, the cooperation between the two companies will be established.” 
Upon hearing this, Jake immediately chimed in, “It’s a pity that I’m not in a higher position. Otherwise, I would have been the one signing the agreement with Mr. Allen today!” 
Frankie’s gaze froze, and then he heard Isla’s words. “Jake, have you not been promoted yet? If you are the Vice Director, it would indeed be inconvenient to negotiate cooperation with Mr. Allen.” 
Jake replied, “My uncle said he would promote me after we sign the contract, but he’s been so busy lately, and I’m afraid he might forget.” 
Isla then looked at Frankie. “Mr. Allen, could you remind Mr. Horton when you sign the contract?” 
Frankie stopped to think. 
He was a seasoned businessman. How could he not understand the hidden meaning behind her words? 
But he hadn’t expected that Jake wouldn’t even have the patience to climb the corporate ladder slowly and steadily. Jake was trampling on Frankie’s goodwill in a rush to get to the top! 
Frankie took a deep breath and looked at Isla. “Alright.” 
After parting ways with the two, Frankie went to the Horton Group. 
The signing ceremony was a significant event for both companies and was conducted in a very formal manner. 
In the enormous conference room, the two of them sat across from each other at the conference table. 
When Lewis completed the paperwork, he handed the documents to Frankie only to realize that Frankie hadn’t signed his part of the agreement. 
Lewis narrowed his eyes, a chill emanating from him, “Mr. Allen, do you have any doubts about the contract?” 
“There is no issue with the contract,” Frankie said calmly. “But it was agreed that young Mr. Horton would be in charge of this project, yet his position still appears to be that of a Vice President.” 
Lewis’s face hardened. “Mr. Allen, are you trying to interfere with the Horton Group’s appointment?” 
“Of course not. I simply find young Mr. Horton to be quite agreeable, and I believe Mr. Horton would grant me this favor.” 
Frankie put up an appearance suggesting he wouldn’t sign the contract without an agreeable response..
###Chapter 70 - 70: It’s Her
Chapter 70: It’s Her 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Tom was on the verge of exploding with anger! 
Jake had done nothing and yet he was appointed as the director? Based on what?! 
But he understood that at this crucial stage of cooperation, such a request for the Horton Group was just a small matter! 
With so many executives watching, such a minor job transfer would inevitably be agreed to by Lewis! 
How frustrating! 
What was wrong with this Frankie Allen?! Even if the Davis family harbored resentment against the Horton family back then, shouldn’t it be aimed at the first branch of the family? Why was he always against Lewis?! 
Lewis’s expression was calm. He had always been cool-minded, and his piercing gaze fixed on Frankie Allen. Slowly he said, “If I don’t agree, won’t Mr. Allen sign the deal?” 
His interrogatory statement quieted the room instantly. 
Lewis looked indifferent. 
There were many people from the Horton Group in the conference room, all of whom could bring pressure on Lewis. 
But there were also plenty of people from the Allen family! 
If the cooperation was canceled because of the unreasonable requirement proposed by Frankie Allen, he would face the company’s pressure too. 
Now it was merely a test of each side’s patience. 
The one who couldn’t hold out would lose. 
After a long while, Lewis still appeared calm. Frankie Allen was left with no choice but to speak up, “Of course not, Mr. Horton. Maybe you misunderstood. This is just my personal proposal.” 
The chill around Lewis seemed to fade a bit. “Let’s sign the contract first. Jake will be responsible for the future cooperation. 
Once Jake got things done, there would be a reason for his promotion to director. This was a verbal promise that Lewis gave to Frankie Allen. 
Both sides were large corporate groups. Frankie Allen took a step back, and Lewis didn’t want to be overly aggressive. 
Frankie nodded, signed the two contracts, and stamped them. Thus, the cooperation officially took effect. 
Frankie stood up and extended a hand to Lewis, “Mr. Horton, happy working with you.” 
Lewis looked at him indifferently without saying a word, showing that he was still dissatisfied with the commotion that Frankie had recently stirred up. 
Seeing this, Frankie Allen waved his hand to dismiss the assistants in the conference room. After the room was left with two people, he turned to Lewis, trying to explain. “Don’t get me wrong. My actions weren’t instigated by my aunt. I owed Isla Olsen a favor. I just had to fight for some benefits for Jake.” Upon hearing this, Lewis stood up. “No need to explain. I’m not interested in her.” 
Frankie frowned. “My sister was humiliated in the hospital and almost lost her life. Isla Olsen protected her and called me, saving my sister. I have to repay this debt.” 
Lewis’s eyes narrowed, colder than before. Without another word, he walked out the door. 
Tom followed him. “Boss, we just discussed with the people from the Allen Family. There will be a celebratory banquet tomorrow night. I inquired just now, and Frankie Allen will come. I heard that his parents have also arrived in Oceanion and will attend then.” 
Upon hearing this, Lewis narrowed his eyes, “I see.” 
Frankie Allen’s mother was that woman’s younger sister, his own aunt. 
Tom continued. “There’s one problem, your date. Should we find one from the secretariat, or should we ask Miss Olsen? 
Lewis expressed plainly, “She probably doesn’t like such events, forget it.” 
It meant that he didn’t need a date. 
Tom nodded in acknowledgment. 
But he was taken aback shortly after. 
If it were in the past, the boss would have reprimanded him for being too talkative as soon as he heard the name “Miss Olsen”. Now he was saying that she didn’t like the occasion? 
It seems like the boss’s attitude toward Miss Olsen has changed. 
Keira didn’t feel any change. 
After all, when Lewis returned from work, he was still wearing a gloomy face as if someone owed him a fortune. 
Even when the puppy raised its head and wagged its tail to greet him, the man didn’t even give it a glance. 
Keira pretended she didn’t see it and continued with her work, wrapping up her drug research. 
These days, she had thoroughly understood the neurology data borrowed from the Horton Group. The problem she encountered in her research now had a solution, so she could now create the clinical drug for Alzheimer’s disease soon. 
Old Mrs. Horton had been very anxious since Keira wasn’t going to work anymore. She wanted the couple to foster their relationship more and initially intended to talk to Lewis after work to take his wife out to see a concert or have a meal or something… 
But looking at his face, she couldn’t help but comment, “He must have had a tough day at work.” 
She turned to Tom and asked, “Did he encounter any difficulty?” 
When Lewis went to wash his hands in the bathroom, Tom couldn’t help but say, “It’s still that Frankie Allen. I don’t know what’s wrong with him. He is always against the boss and tries to promote young Mr. Horton…” 
Keira raised her eyebrows. 
Had Tom forgotten that old Mrs. Horton was also Jake’s great-grandmother? 
He was talking like this in front of the old lady… 
But to her surprise, old Mrs. Horton snorted, “How come I didn’t know that there was a relationship between the Allen family and Jake? How did they connect? Doesn’t Jake really know that the Allen family has reservations about his uncle? Wait, shouldn’t the Allen family hate the first branch?” 
Her expression clearly showed that she was unhesitatingly standing on Lewis’s side. 
Tom snorted, “Who knows what’s going on? It’s a shame that the Allen family doesn’t have a proper relationship with us but is getting all cozy with the first branch!” 
Old Mrs. Horton pursed her lips. “Didn’t you go to see Alien’s younger daughter at the hospital today? Wasn’t the relationship reconciled a bit? Seeing her own nephew, didn’t Mrs. Allen show any emotions?” 
Tom sighed. “We didn’t meet them. They said the patient wasn’t well. 
Old Mrs. Horton was very dissatisfied. “Even if her condition isn’t good, shouldn’t they let us see her? Once you think about it, they aren’t close to us and haven’t tried to make an effort! Actually, some relatives are easy to get along with once the ice is broken. 
The old lady had thought it through. 
After all, it was her son who failed Lewis’s mother back then, so it was natural for the Davis family to hate them. 
She resented them previously because Lewis’s mother had a C-section when she was seven months pregnant, putting Lewis in critical condition several times, which the old lady felt was too ruthless. But now… 
The Horton Family and her grandson weren’t close. The old lady was no longer as strong, and if the Davis family could release some goodwill to fill the gap in the feelings of her grandson… 
So, she was actually hoping that through this cooperation, Lewis could get closer to the Allen family. 
But who would have thought that it would turn out like this? 
Old Mrs. Horton was filled with worry. “What’s wrong with the Allen family?” Seeing that she was mumbling to herself, Keira suddenly suggested, “Grandma, why don’t I introduce the two families to each other?” After all, she was Rebecca Allen’s savior and felt that Mr. and Mrs. Allen were good people when she met them. Once the relationship thawed, they would be able to get along slowly… 
Lewis, who had just washed his hands, came out of the bathroom and heard this. 
His gaze grew cold, but he immediately followed up with a question, “Do you know the Allen family?” 
Keira nodded, “Yes, I did them a small favor earlier.” 
A small favor… 
Lewis suddenly realized something. “So, it was you who saved his sister?” 
Keira was surprised.. “How do you know?”
###Chapter 71 - 71: Open Your Eyes
Chapter 71: Open Your Eyes 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Having heard their dialogue, old Mrs. Horton also realized something. “Granddaughter-in-law, the person you said you visited today, is it the younger sister of the Allen family?” 
After Keira came back from the police station, she made a visit to Rebecca and came back only after seeing that she had finished her rehabilitation training. 
She gave a simple explanation to old Mrs. Horton, and surprisingly the old lady remembered it. 
Looking at Mrs. Horton, Keira found her health hadn’t declined recently. 
Instead, it seemed to have improved somewhat. 
The medicine had to be developed soon. It would be best if it could help the old lady remember the truth about her marriage to Lewis. 
Lewis, who was listening to their conversation, raised the corner of his lips, and a mocking look flashed in his eyes. 
It turned out that Frankie had mistaken someone else for her. 
He suddenly spoke up, “Miss Olsen, the day after tomorrow, there’s a celebration banquet for the collaboration between Horton Group and the Allen family. I’m still missing a female companion. Are you interested? 
Keira didn’t raise her head. “No.” 
Lewis choked for a moment, his deep eyes flickering. “Didn’t Miss Olsen say 
that she wanted to introduce the two families?” 
Only then did Keira look at him, her amorous eyes twinkling, and she reluctantly agreed, “Alright.” 
Old Mrs. Horton looked surprised. “Are you willing to reconcile with the Allen family, you brat?” 
Lewis responded vaguely before changing the topic. “What did you eat for lunch today?” 
“I had rice, chicken soup, and celery…” 
Tom, sitting next to them, couldn’t help but glance at his boss. 
The boss had never shown a bit of intention to reconcile with his mother, whom he had never met. 
This time, he made it a point to keep everything professional, and thus the news of his disagreement with Frankie spread. But in fact, during this collaboration, Frankie had extended his goodwill multiple times, and the boss had never reciprocated, making it clear that he didn’t want to have any relations beyond business with them. 
So, was his proposal just to make Keira his companion for the party? 
Tom showed a thoughtful expression. 
After dinner, Keira wanted to take her dog for a walk. 
She put the leash on the puppy and walked out the door. 
Tom was going downstairs to get some files, so he took the elevator with her. 
As they walked side by side, Tom suddenly smiled and asked, “Miss Olsen, what sort of man do you like?” 
Although Miss Olsen had a boyfriend who was anxious to get married, as long as they weren’t married, the boss still had a chance! 
Tom had to help his boss find out, so it would be easier for him to snatch her away from her boyfriend! 
Upon hearing his words, Keira seemed slightly taken aback. 
Having watched Poppy, who was love-struck, refuse to leave the Olsen family since childhood, she was somewhat repulsed by the idea of love and marriage. That was why she chose to reject the pursuits of boys. 
She was afraid that after falling in love, she would lose herself. 
She had never thought about what her future partner might look like… 
But when Tom asked that question, the handsome face of Lewis was the first thing that came to her mind. 
Without thinking, she answered, “Handsome, about six feet tall, seventy-five kilograms in weight, with a deep and attractive voice, thoughtful, and particularly good at scolding people…” 
Tom’s eyes grew brighter as he listened. She might as well have just said his boss’s name! 
Did Miss Olsen and the boss have mutual feelings for each other? Noticing the expression on his face, Keira suddenly realized what she had said. Changing the direction of the conversation, she hastily added, “…amiable and warm, good at telling jokes, a kind man!” 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
A warm, gentle man? That had nothing to do with his boss at all, right? 
He had always been known for being cold with a gloomy face. 
Seeing the change in his expression, Keira finally breathed a sigh of relief, her cheeks slightly flushed. Annoyed at the slow pace of the puppy, she bent down to pick it up and descended the stairs quickly. 
Tom sighed, feeling that Lewis had no hope. 
He turned around to go back to the ward but froze when he saw Lewis standing behind him. 
The corridor lights were somewhat dim, and half of the man’s face was in shadow, making him look rather lonely. 
Apparently, he had heard all of the conversation between Tom and Keira! Tom cleared his throat and innocently scratched his head. “Well, Boss, you could try smiling more at Miss Olsen…” 
“… You talk too much.” 
Lewis scolded as he passed Tom, descending the stairs quickly. 
It was already dark outside. Under the streetlight, Keira was crouching and caressing the dog. 
She bent her head, looking at the puppy. Her usual sharpness was gone, replaced by a touch of tenderness. 
Lewis slowly walked over to her. 
Feeling his shadow, she raised her head. 
The moment she looked his way, Lewis moved the corner of his mouth, raising a smile he believed was gentle. 
However, Keira got up and looked at him warily. “Mr. Horton, is your mouth twitching?” 
Lewis was speechless. 
Slowly withdrawing his smile, he saw her obviously relieved expression. He was rather embarrassed. He took a deep breath and said, “Grandma asked me to accompany you to walk the dog.” 
“Okay.” 
The clumsy puppy ran toward the park, with them closely following behind. 
A cold wind blew, and Keira shivered. 
The temperature had dropped sharply that day, and she wasn’t prepared for it. Just as she was rubbing her arms and thinking about returning to the room soon, a large warm coat was suddenly placed on her shoulders. 
Keira stiffened. She slowly turned her head to see Lewis standing there, wearing a shirt. His gaze was fixed elsewhere, looking somewhat awkward. 
Keira smiled. “Thanks.” 
“You’re welcome,” Lewis said indifferently. “I’m mainly afraid that if you catch a cold, you’ll infect Grandma.” 
Keira couldn’t help but laugh quietly. 
She thought this man was really tough. 
Just as they stood there awkwardly, a voice suddenly came. “Mr. Horton?” When Keira turned her head, she saw Frankie standing in the park, looking gloomy at her sight. 
Keira was perplexed. 
Lewis stepped forward, blocking Keira. “What’s the matter?” 
“Can we talk in private?” 
Frankie took another long look at Keira and walked to the side. 
He didn’t look too happy. 
Just after returning to the ward, he heard that his sister was quite concerned about the first time she asked for help and was told by a passerby that an infatuated woman should die. 
Even during the surgery, his sister had lost the will to live because of this! 
He was very angry! 
When Lewis came over, Frankie asked with a frown, “What’s your relationship with this Miss Olsen?” 
Lewis coldly replied, “Mr. Allen, this has nothing to do with you.” 
Frankie took a deep breath, “Anyway, you’re my aunt’s son. Seeing that you and her seem to be more than casual acquaintances, I felt I should remind you to keep your eyes open. This woman is not a good person!” 
“There’s no relation between our two families. Mr. Allen, you don’t need to worry about me.” 
The tone of Lewis’s voice had grown even colder as he said, word by word, “Moreover, I think the one who should keep their eyes open should be you.” Frankie paused, “What do you mean?
###Chapter 72 - 72: Banquet
Chapter 72: Banquet 
Translator: Henyee Translations , Editor: Henyee Translations 
Lewis didn’t say anything more and turned to leave. 
Frankie frowned and said, “Lewis, how could you be so ungrateful? You….” 
Before he could finish his sentence, Lewis abruptly halted and whipped his head around. 
His gaze revealed a glimmer of sullen anger. His expression was dark and terrifying, like a fiend crawling out from hell, making Frankie choke on his words. 
Lewis stared at him, his voice low yet ominous in the evening air. “Mr. Allen, our relationship is purely business. You’ve crossed the line.” 
Having left these words behind, he briskly walked away. 
Frankie stood rooted in shock, his face taut. 
in this collaboration, Lewis was seen as cold but gentlemanly, and the latter quality made Frankie forget that once upon a time, Lewis had a reputation for being ruthlessly malevolent and aggressive. 
Frankie had thought it was all rumors, but Lewis’s fierce countenance just now made Frankie realize he wasn’t one to be trifled with. 
As Frankie kept his eyes on Lewis, he saw the aggression that threatened to overflow from Lewis fading away as he approached Keira. 
By the time Lewis returned to her side, he was just that slightly cold-hearted normal man once more. 
Draped in Lewis’s jacket, Keira was no longer feeling the chill. 
The well-tailored black suit was warm from his body heat. It enveloped her and 
subtly gave off a masculine scent of vanilla. 
Her heart became tender. 
Seeing that Lewis was only wearing a black shirt, she picked up the little 
puppy. “Let’s go.” 
“Okay.” 
It was the following morning. 
Lewis had gone to work. Keira was basking in the warmth of the sunlight from her spot on the sofa, finally wrapping up the research on Alzheimer’s disease. After sending the email to the overseas biopharmaceutical research base, she stood up and stretched. 
She picked up her phone, only to find a WhatsApp message from Rebecca. “Miss Olsen, do you have time tomorrow night? Can you come to see me?” 
Keira replied. “I’ll be attending the celebration dinner of the Horton and Allen family tomorrow evening.” 
Just as she finished sending the message, a call came in from Samuel. “Boss, we’ve encountered a bit of trouble with our project. 
Keira asked calmly, “What happened?” 
Samuel responded angrily, “We’ve always purchased our hydrogen energy materials from the Allen family. I intended to purchase more today, but they’re suddenly not selling it to us! With the burgeoning development of new energy, production can’t keep up with demand. Even if we want to buy from other suppliers, it’ll take time… The problem is, we’ve agreed on delivery dates with our customers, and if something stalls us, we’d be breaching the contract!” 
Keira frowned. “The Allen family in Clance?” 
She had always entrusted her company’s matters to Samuel to manage, whereas she was only responsible for technical issues, so she never expected her company to have dealings with the Allen family. 
Samuel replied, “Yes, them. I’ve always bought from them. I tried prying for information from their sales manager. They haven’t lined up another buyer, but someone from the top apparently ordered not to sell to us!” 
Keira lowered her gaze. “I understand. I’ll go ask. 
After hanging up, she got up and headed toward the rehabilitation ward. She was friends with Rebecca and on good terms with her parents, so she decided to ask them directly, in case someone was stirring up trouble. Not long after reaching the hospital ward, she ran into Frankie by chance. 
It seemed he had just returned and was about to go upstairs. 
Keira quickened her pace and called out, “Mr. Allen, hello. 
Frankie halted and turned his head. His gentle demeanor turned noticeably 
frosty upon seeing her. 
Keira asked in confusion, “I’m Dr. South. My company has been continuously purchasing hydrogen energy materials from your company. However, your company suddenly announced this month that it would no longer sell to us. Is there a misunderstanding?” 
“No misunderstanding.” 
Frankie’s face was cold, his eyes filled with disdain. “It was my order. We won’t 
sell anything to you.” 
Keira was taken aback, “Why?” 
Frankie frowned. “Miss Olsen, have you already forgotten what you casually 
said?” 
Keira was confused. 
Did she accidentally say something wrong when she was accompanying 
Rebecca? 
But she had no recollection of such an incident. Moreover, every time Rebecca ended their conversation, she seemed quite cheerful, and even just now she was messaging her… 
Keira couldn’t recall anything and said, “Even if I did say something wrong, Rebecca probably doesn’t hold a grudge. So, in consideration of the little favor I did for Rebecca, can you not be petty, Mr. Allen?” 
A little favor… 
At those words, Frankie mistakenly assumed she was referring to helping out with witness testimony at the police station, given that making a call to save someone was worth merit. 
Frankie reprimanded, “How dare you mention Rebecca? You ought to help her with the testimony! That’s the duty of every citizen!” 
Keira was displeased, her voice turned cold. “Mr. Allen, nothing should be taken for granted.” 
Frankie was even angrier. “You’re right, so the Allen family also doesn’t have to sell the hydrogen energy materials to you.” 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Initially, when she met him for the first time at the hospital, she thought Rebecca’s brother wasn’t half bad, but she didn’t expect him to turn on her so 
cold-heartedly. 
Before she could say anything else, Frankie had already strode into the rehabilitation department, with his assistant stationed at the entrance, “Miss, please keep your voice down and avoid disturbing the patient’s rest.” 
Keira was shocked. 
The fury welled up within her, and she turned around to leave. 
Forget it. She would properly address the issue with Mr. and Mrs. Allen at the dinner tomorrow. 
Time soon came to the next evening. 
Both the Horton Group and the Allen family’s new project were major billion-dollar deals, hence it was quite a grand celebration. 
They had organized a large celebration dinner at the Imperial Hotel. 
A considerable number of employees from the Horton Group attended, and some people also flew in from Clance on behalf of the Allen family. 
Back in the hospital, 
Rebecca got dressed up and was lifted into a wheelchair by Frankie. 
Mr. Allen sighed. “You always hated these kinds of events. Why are you insisting on going today?” 
Mrs. Allen also advised, “Don’t go if you don’t want to. If you don’t want to be alone, I will stay with you.” 
Rebecca seemed dispirited, her expression was quite downcast. Looking at her phone, she said, “Since yesterday, Miss Olsen has been distant with me. When I asked her to come to see me, she made an excuse to decline, so I have to go to the banquet to find her! Let’s go now.” 
Frankie pushed her out of the room and to the parking lot. 
just as he was about to lift her from the wheelchair into the car, a Bentley drove by. 
The Allen family turned to look and saw Keira and Lewis sitting in the back seat of the Bentley. 
Rebecca brightened up and said, “Miss Olsen!
###Chapter 73 - 73: Match Made in Heaven
Chapter 73: Match Made in Heaven 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
At Rebecca’s words, Mr. Allen and Mrs. Allen also looked carefully, seeming to catch a glimpse of Keira’s lovely face. 
They also wanted to greet her, but the Bentley never stopped and directly drove past them. 
Mr. Allen was taken aback. “Seems like it was indeed Miss Olsen?” 
Mrs. Allen also agreed. “I think I saw her as well.” 
Frankie frowned. 
The one sitting in Lewis’s car could only be Keira, not Isla. 
He looked at Rebecca, “Was that Miss Olsen, the one who has helped you?” 
“Yes!” Rebecca said excitedly. “Hurry up and catch up with her! I want to attend the banquet with her!” 
Frankie clenched his jaw. 
Could it really be Isla in the car? 
As the whole family got into the car and chased after the Bentley, it was already out of sight. Rebecca instructed the driver, “Drive faster. We might run into Miss Olsen before entering the banquet!” 
The driver sped up and indeed saw the Bentley again before entering the Imperial Hotel. 
Unfortunately, the Bentley went directly into the employees’ parking lot, while their car was stopped outside. 
Frankie consoled Rebecca. “We can meet her at the banquet.” 
Rebecca appeared disappointed. “I guess that’s the only choice.” 
The Imperial Hotel was also part of the Horton Group, so Lewis’s car was parked directly in the employee area. 
After Keira got out, she followed Lewis. She noticed something wasn’t right as they walked on. 
It didn’t seem to be the way to the banquet but to a hotel suite. 
She paused slightly. 
Lewis seemed to have sensed it and turned to look at her as if asking her what was wrong. 
Keira hesitated. “Where are we going?” 
“The suite,” Lewis answered simply. 
Keira’s heartbeat accelerated. “What for?” 
Before Lewis could speak, Tom, who was following them, replied instinctively, “Of course, it’s for your makeup and dress for the evening! It was inconvenient in the hospital, so we booked a suite!” 
Keira was speechless. 
Only then did she realize she had been overthinking. 
She cleared her throat to conceal her embarrassment. “I see.” 
Seeing this, Lewis glanced at her as if seeing through her thoughts, a faint smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. 
Keira felt hot and her cheeks slightly flushed. 
She quickly diverted her gaze. 
She felt she was rather wishful thinking. 
The two of them had agreed to divorce sooner or later, so what was she thinking just now? 
Tom even asked back, “What did Miss Olsen think we were going to do?” 
Keira lowered her eyes, her cheeks redder, feeling extremely embarrassed. 
Just as she was trying to pretend to be calm, Lewis had already changed the subject. “Has the makeup artists arrived? How are the preparations for the dress?” 
Tom quickly replied, “They arrived early. As for the dress, since we didn’t know what Miss Olsen would like, we prepared over a dozen for her to choose from… 
II 
Keira breathed a sigh of relief inwardly. 
The three of them soon arrived at the presidential suite on the top floor. 
The makeup artist respectfully asked, “Miss Olsen, which dress do you prefer?” 
Keira frowned slightly. In front of her were rows of luxurious dresses in all kinds of colors and styles, making it a dazzling array. 
When she was living with the Olsen family, she was never allowed to attend banquet events. After moving out, she focused on working to make money, so she didn’t have much experience in this area. 
But she was not at all flustered. She calmly asked the makeup artist, “Do you have any suggestions?” 
The makeup artist brought out a simple, silk contour dress. “Miss Olsen, you might want to try this one. Although you look thin, you have a great figure. Wearing this one will surely make you the center of attention.” 
Keira nodded. “Let’s go with this one.” 
She followed the makeup artist into the bedroom of the suite to change clothes and returned quickly. 
Lewis was sitting on the sofa silently. Hearing the door open, he instinctively looked over… 
Just one glance and his eyes flashed with amazement. 
When the makeup artist commented earlier on her good figure, he hadn’t paid much attention. After all, this woman usually wore casual and comfortable clothes, hiding her curves. 
But the green silk long dress was so fitted. It delicately clung to her body, outlining her slender figure. Her back was thin but straight, the delicate collarbone was incredibly sexy, and her full chest… 
Her slender waist exuded a sense of strength. 
Her skin was fair, and her black hair cascaded freely down her back, swaying with the movement of her dress. This outfit would make an ordinary woman look charming, but on her, it exuded a wild aspect, triggering the most primitive desire in men… 
Lewis swallowed slightly, knowing that he should politely shift his gaze away, but his eyes were as if captured by something. He couldn’t look away at all. 
Keira felt his heated gaze, and her cheeks felt slightly warm. 
It was the first time she wore such an alluring dress. She was initially somewhat hesitant, but his reaction made her more at ease. “What does Mr. Horton think?” 
“It’s okay.” 
Lewis picked up the cup next to him and took a sip of water, soothing the heat in his chest. 
Keira walked forward, intending to take a look at herself in the mirror. 
But as someone who had never worn high heels before, she lost her balance as soon as she lifted her foot, tipping over to her right. 
“Careful.” 
Lewis surged up from his seat, instinctively wrapping an arm around her waist. 
After Keira regained her balance, she felt his large hand at her waist. The heat from his palm seeped through the thin silk of her dress onto her skin, making her feel as if she had been burned. She instinctively pushed him away and took two steps back. 
The temperature in the room seemed to rise by several degrees, making the room stifling and lacking oxygen. 
Keira felt a little flustered, so she took a deep breath and decisively kicked off her high heels. “These high heels are a bit difficult to manage. I think I’ll just wear flat shoes.” 
There was no rule that ceremonial dresses must be matched with high heels anyway. 
“Miss Olsen is tall and has a straight posture. Flat shoes would work as well.” 
The makeup artist smiled. “I didn’t think much about it earlier, but I only realize now that the color of your dress matches Mr. Horton perfectly. You two look like a match made in heaven.” 
Keira didn’t say anything. 
She thought Lewis would refute, but until they left the room, he didn’t say much. 
Something stirred in Keira’s heart, and her eyes flickered. 
Even though she had never been in a relationship, she wasn’t so slow as not to notice the change in a man’s attitude toward her. 
If it were before, she would have kept her distance immediately. 
But this time, she found it rather sweet. 
Keira didn’t want to delve into why and just let things develop naturally. 
The two of them walked into the banquet hall, entering through the main entrance. 
Rebecca, who had been in the banquet all along, sat in her wheelchair in a corner, eating pastries. 
Frankie, standing beside her, held a glass of champagne. 
Rebecca looked around. “Where’s Miss Olsen? Why hasn’t she arrived yet?” 
Just as she finished her sentence, there was a commotion at the entrance..
###Chapter 74 - 74: Introduction
Chapter 74: Introduction 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Oceanion is the home ground of the Horton Group. 
Thus, as soon as Lewis entered, the executives swarmed toward him. 
Lewis exchanged pleasantries with them, his peripheral vision darting to Keira, who had slipped away quietly and distanced herself from him as soon as they entered. 
Keira had slid through the crowd like an eel and hidden herself in the snack area nearby, where she finally stood upright and began to help herself to some 
food. 
She thought she was hidden in the corner, oblivious to the fact that she had become the center of attention. 
Lewis was lost in his thought, his hanging hand seemed to still feel the smooth 
and soft texture of her waist… 
He loosened his tie, only to hear the flattering remark from the person in front of him. “Mr. Horton, didn’t Mrs. Horton come along? You’re hiding her too well. 
We should meet our first lady at least one time. 
Someone nearby quickly pulled the speaker aside. 
Normally, Lewis dislikes people talking too much about his wife. This person had just been reassigned from another city and wasn’t aware of Mr. Horton’s preferences. Would Mr. Horton be angry now? 
Unexpectedly, Lewis simply responded noncommittally, “You’ll get an opportunity someday.” 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Mr. Horton’s attitude had changed! 
Rebecca, seeing Lewis entering without Keira, felt a little disappointed. 
She continued to look around. 
Frankie said, “I have something good to tell you.” 
“What is it?” 
“Do you remember the incident when Miss Olsen, the person you first sought help from, not only refused to lend you a hand but also insulted you?” 
Rebecca’s pupils contracted slightly, and she lowered her head, responding 
with a touch of sadness. “I remember.” 
When in a dilemma, the anger and accusations from a stranger could potentially cause a person’s mental state to collapse. 
Being scolded back then indeed made her feel desperate. 
Frankie slowly said, “I took revenge for you.” 
“What?” 
“Her company needs to purchase raw materials from us. I cut off her supply chain. She won’t be able to procure the materials she needs anytime soon,” 
Frankie’s voice carried a hint of darkness. 
Those involved in business were all cruel. 
Rebecca bit her lip. “It wouldn’t go that far, right? She might have been 
impulsive at the moment.” 
“Even if she was impulsive, she shouldn’t have insulted anyone at will.” 
Jake suddenly emerged from the side, fuming. “I’m sorry, Mr. Allen, I just happened to pass by and overhear your conversation. I couldn’t help but add my two cents.” 
He looked at Rebecca. “Everyone has to pay for their actions. Even if she s naturally cold and doesn’t want to help, she shouldn’t have said such words to a person in a predicament. I think Mr. Allen is too kind. This little punishment is too lenient for her!” 
Frankie also gently patted her head. “We should thank young Mr. Horton for this. He informed me about the collaboration between our two families. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have known about this small project.” 
Jake laughed. “It’s nothing.” 
Rebecca nodded her head in agreement. 
She asked, “Where is Miss Olsen?” 
Jake chuckled, “She went to the restroom to touch up her makeup.” 
Rebecca’s eyes lit up. “Mom, let’s go and find her. 
Feeling uneasy among strangers, Mrs. Allen didn’t refuse and pushed Rebecca toward the direction of the restroom. 
As the two arrived at the restroom, they caught Isla just as she was coming out after touching up her makeup. 
When they brushed past each other, Rebecca turned her head abruptly to look 
at her. 
Mrs. Allen asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Rebecca clenched her fists tightly. 
She had initially thought that her brother had acted too harshly, thinking that she didn’t hate this woman, but at that instant, she realized how deeply Isla 
had hurt her. 
It almost caused her a mental breakdown. 
Isla’s comment made her feel as if there was no hope for her future, and there was no point in living. 
She clenched her fists tightly, took out her phone, and sent a WhatsApp message to Frankie. “Frankie, that woman is also here. Can you get her to leave? I don’t want to see her.” 
By the time Frankie read this message, Isla had walked over to them. 
She affectionately folded her hands around Jake’s arm and was about to greet Frankie, when she saw him lift his gaze, a hint of sternness flashing in his eyes. “Has the other Miss Olsen also arrived?” 
Jake and Isla both frowned. 
The three of them looked around the room, searching for Keira, but the convention hall was quite large, and filled with people coming and going, so they didn’t see her right away. 
Isla inquired, “What’s the matter?” 
Frankie’s face darkened with anger. “Rumor has it that she also came to the feast. What does this mean, young Mr. Horton? Is the Horton Group looking to embarrass the Allen family?” 
Jake replied, “I’ll handle it now.” 
Keira was relatively quiet in her corner. 
Even though she drew a lot of attention, her chilly demeanor and the coldness in her eyes held people at bay, with only a few daring to approach her. 
A couple who attempted to engage her had been turned away after a few exchanges. 
After a while, Jalen came over with an excited yet aloof expression. “What are you doing here alone? Who did you come with? 
The last part was said with a sense of blame, obviously assuming that whoever invited her had been neglectful. 
Keira smiled. “Being alone is wonderful. There are no disturbances.” 
“Indeed.” 
jalen seemed to want to say something, but a group of people approached, surrounding Jake. “Young Mr. Horton, you’ll have to guide us more in the 
future!” 
Jake responded with a light smile. “There’s no need to be so formal, I’m just the deputy head of the development department.” 
“You are too humble. We have heard insider news that plans are underway to promote you to director!” 
As soon as these words were spoken, everyone immediately started congratulating him. 
“Young Mr. Horton is so young and has already done so much for the group. 
-Mr. Horton and Mr. Allen don’t get along very well. They say this collaboration almost didn’t happen. Thankfully young Mr. Horton acted as the mediator. We just saw Mr. Allen and young Mr. Horton talking happily!” 
Jake enjoyed this kind of atmosphere, raising the champagne glass in his hand. “Don’t say that, the project was initiated by my uncle.” 
“Mr. Horton indeed has abilities, but he’s somewhat aloof. If he could be half as amiable as you, all discussions would be smoother…” 
“Yes, yes, our group and the enterprises in Clance have always been unable to establish a connection. If Mr. Allen could introduce us, the future development scope of our group could be broader!” 
Hearing their words, Jalen sneered. “This Jake, I don’t know what he used to win over Mr. Allen’s favor. He’s been acting all high and mighty in the company these past few days!” 
After that, he said in frustration, “My cousin is the most stubborn person! Although it’s him who has some connections with the Allen family, he refuses to talk properly. It would be great if I could meet someone from the Allen family. If he doesn’t want to establish a relationship, I can do it for him, to prevent Jake from slandering him behind his back!” 
Listening to his words, Keira glanced around and caught sight of Mr. Allen who was talking to Frankie. She said, “Let’s go. I’ll introduce you to the Allan family..”
###Chapter 75 - 75: In the Spotlight
Chapter 75: In the Spotlight 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira came to this banquet intending to reconcile Lewis and the Allen family. 
But now, after some serious thought, she realized that the possibility was quite small. 
Lewis, who seemed cool and gentlemanly, was actually very considerate and gentle. 
Whether it was during their time in the hospital, or just now when they were changing into banquet attire, he always managed to make her feel comfortable with his attention to detail. 
If a man like him wanted to reconcile with the Allen family, he would subtly ensure that they had a good impression of him. 
So, in truth, it wasn’t that he wouldn’t reconcile with the Allen family, but rather that he wouldn’t reconcile with his biological mother. 
Although Keira didn’t understand why he tricked her into coming to the banquet, if Lewis was unwilling to let go, helping Jalen to connect with the Allen family would at least improve their situation within the company. 
Of course, Lewis might not care about any of this at all. 
Jalen was taken aback by her words. “You know the Allen family?” 
“Yes, I’ve done them a small favor.” 
As Keira said this, she prepared to walk toward the Allens who were standing in another corner of the banquet hall, but suddenly music filled the venue! 
The celebratory banquet’s classic event, the dance, had begun! 
The attendees standing in the middle of the hall consciously moved to the sides, clearing the dance floor. 
Keira stopped in her tracks, deciding to wait till the dance was over. 
People began to look for dance partners. 
Someone approached her. “Miss, may I have this dance?” 
II II 
Not far away, Lewis was sitting on a sofa, chatting with a few corporate executives. 
Someone tentatively asked, “Mr. Horton, the dance has begun. Aren’t you going 
to join?” 
Lewis declined casually, “I’d rather not.” 
“Mr. Horton, you’re so faithful to Mrs. Horton. How upright of you! What an example you set for us!” 
Everyone teased him in good humor. 
Hearing the mention of Mrs. Horton, Lewis’s gaze shifted toward Keira’s corner, and on seeing what was going on there, his face stiffened. 
He noticed several men surrounding her, inviting her to dance. 
More men were hungrily watching from afar. 
Most of them were promising, unmarried employees from the Horton Group! 
Lewis suddenly stood up and, after a brief apology, strode toward Keira. 
As he approached, he heard her repeatedly declining invitations. “I’m sorry, I don’t dance.” 
Some men, perceiving a soft refusal, would depart gracefully while others. The thick-skinned ones would press on. “That’s alright. I can teach you.” 
“… Not interested.” 
-Are you uninterested in dancing? Or are you uninterested in me? You need to choose someone out of all of us to avoid a constant stream of invitations.” 
II II 
Keira was getting annoyed by the harassment and simply said, “I already have 
a dance partner.” 
The man wouldn’t back off, “Who? 
“Me.” 
A low, magnetic voice suddenly came from behind, making everyone turn to look. Lewis was standing there. 
Those men were taken aback. “Mr. Horton. 
Lewis didn’t acknowledge them but walked directly to Keira. “Sorry for keeping you waiting.” 
Once they saw Lewis approach Keira, the men surrounding her immediately dispersed, leaving the corner quiet again. 
Then, an excited cheer resonated through the hall. 
Keira turned to look and saw Jake holding Isla’s hand, leading her onto the stage. 
Jake, having recently graduated, had an infectious youthful energy about him. 
Isla was wearing a pink evening gown, blushing bashfully. 
After they stepped onto the stage, instead of starting to dance, Jake stepped back and took a microphone. “Isla, I’d like to tell you something with so many witnesses here today.” 
isla’s eyes sparkled tenderly, and her sweet smile made her glow. 
Jake said, “To be honest, I was blindsided by some distractions during university, and I never noticed you. But after spending time with you recently, I’ve discovered your kindness and cuteness, as well as your gentle and considerate way of treating others. Your hard work bridged the gap between Mr. Allen and me, and our relationship has improved and this pleasant collaboration has happened.” 
Once he finished speaking, those around them started talking. 
“I knew there was a good reason for the close relationship between young Mr. Horton and Mr. Allen. Turns out it’s thanks to Miss Olsen’s efforts!” 
“That’s how we should do business. We should be broad-minded and moving beyond the grudges from older generations that are frankly unnecessary.” “I heard Miss Olsen’s mother, Mrs. Olsen, is from Clance. I bet Miss Olsen couldn’t only connect us with Mr. Allen but could also create a partnership with the Davis family from Clance in the future!” 
II II 
All these compliments reached Isla’s ears, which made her look pleasantly surprised. 
She knew that Jake was doing this to raise her social standing! After all, the Olsen family wasn’t too wealthy, and her marrying Jake was a step up, but now she had gained new confidence! 
Of course, this wasn’t because Jake loved her so much, but because honoring his wife meant honoring himself since high society held that husband and wife were one! 
With a smile on her face, Isla said, “Jake, this is what I ought to do.” 
Jake then took a small exquisite box from his pocket and opened it to reveal a three-carat diamond ring! 
He knelt on one knee and held up the ring. “Isla, will you marry me?” Isla instinctively covered her mouth, her eyes welling up with tears. 
“Marry him! Marry him!” 
“Miss Olsen and young Mr. Horton are truly a match made in heaven! A divine marriage!” 
“They’re indeed a perfect pair!” 
With everyone’s encouragement, Isla, overjoyed, extended her hand, and the three-carat ring was finally on her finger. What a satisfactory sight! 
Once the ring was on, the couple embraced and initiated the first dance of the evening. 
Although many more people joined in the dance later on, the spotlight of the banquet had already been taken by Jake and Isla! 
Keira arched her eyebrow at Lewis. “Maybe we should skip the dance. So as not to seem like Lewis was envious of his nephew’s popularity. Jalen, who had been standing to one side, grumbled unhappily. “Jake certainly knows how to pick his moments. Now, who remembers that you and the Allen family negotiated this cooperation? Everyone will think it’s all due to his and his fiancee’s efforts!” 
Lewis didn’t care about this at all. He took out his vibrating phone and said to Keira, “I have to take a call.” 
“Alright.” 
With Lewis gone, Jalen watched him from behind and confided to Keira. “Something about my cousin’s behavior toward you seems off. 
Keira raised her eyebrow. “How so?” 
Jalen said, “Why does he need to tell you that he’s taking a call? Since when did his cousin need to inform others about his activities? 
Keira didn’t think anything of it when her phone vibrated, and she saw a message from Rebecca. “Miss Olsen, I’m at the banquet too. I couldn’t find you in the restroom. Where are you now? I’ll come to see you.” 
Keira replied, “I’m in the northeast corner.” 
Rebecca said, “Ok, be right there..”
###Chapter 76 - 76: Drive Her Away
Chapter 76: Drive Her Away 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
When Keira put down her phone, she realized that the first dance was over. 
Jake and Isla walked over from the dance floor, once again surrounded by a crowd of congratulations. 
At that point, someone came over. It was Jake’s sidekick, Arian O’neil, who was feeling smug. He said to Keira, “I know you are Dr. South, but what does that matter? You are just a researcher. Can you compare to young Mr. Horton’s fiancee? She has connections in Clance! In this circle, it’s all about who you know!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She completely ignored Arian. Looking into the distance, she saw Mrs. Allen pushing Rebecca out and met Mr. Allen and Frankie Allen. The four seemed to talk about something, and Rebecca looked a bit emotional. 
She was a little worried and prepared to go over to check. 
But she didn’t expect that the moment she stepped forward, Isla, who just got off stage, stopped her. “Keira, are you going to see Mr. Allen?” 
Isla had noticed her earlier, and seeing Keira going to talk to Frankie now, she was a bit nervous and stepped in front of her. 
She didn’t know that Rebecca was also at the banquet. She only knew that she couldn’t let Keira talk to Frankie, in case she let slip. Frankie could tell the real from the fake with one phone call! 
Fortunately, Frankie had just asked for the person to be sent away, which gave her an excuse. 
As long as they could safely get through today, once the Allen family left, no one could expose her again! 
As soon as she started talking, Jake turned his head and saw Keira. He was stunned by her appearance. 
Isla was planning to let him drive Keira away, but seeing Jake infatuated with Keira and not speaking, she clenched her fists in anger. 
Isla took a deep breath and spoke again. “I think this is really inappropriate. 
Mr. Allen seems to not want to see you.” 
Keira gave her a cold glance. “Who do you think you are? You can make decisions for Mr. Allen?” 
Isla lowered her head, looking wronged. 
She definitely couldn’t break her innocent image right now. She particularly missed Poppy at this moment for her accurate and useful advice! 
Fortunately, Jake finally came back to his senses. He stepped forward, shielding Isla behind him, and said angrily, “Keira, how can you speak like that? What do you mean by ‘who is Isla?’ She is my fiancee.” 
People around them immediately started talking. 
“Yes, Miss Olsen is like half the hostess. Among all the female guests here today, her status should be the highest!” 
“Who is this person? She dares to speak to Miss Olsen like that! Doesn’t she understand the saying, ‘When in Rome, do as the Romans do’?” 
“I seemed to see Mr. Horton talking to her just now. Could she be the lady brought by Mr. Horton?” 
“She’s just some woman, not Mrs. Horton. How could she possibly surpass Miss Isla’s esteemed status!” 
Keira frowned, too lazy to listen to them speak further. She maneuvered around them and prepared to leave. 
But Isla took a step forward and grabbed her hand. “Keira, it’s a celebration today. There seems to be some misunderstanding between you and Mr. Allen. Don’t bother him. You man disturb the cooperation between the Horton Group and the Allen family.” 
Keira shook off Isla’s hand. “None of your business.” 
She didn’t use much force, but Isla’s eyes flashed, and she intentionally took a step back and fell. 
Jake immediately glared at Keira. “Keira, how could you hit her? Apologize to Isla now!” 
Isla was his fiancee, and in such a setting, he felt embarrassed. 
Keira looked amusingly at Isla and said, “I didn’t hit her.” 
“I saw it, and you’re still trying to deny it? So many people are watching!” Jake took a deep breath. “Keira, do you think you can do whatever you want just because my uncle and Grandmother spoil you? This is the Horton Group, not your home! You can’t cause a scene here! You need to apologize to Isla today and leave immediately. Don’t upset Mr. Allen!” 
There were a lot of implications hidden in those words. 
Arian purposefully asked, “Young Mr. Horton, what’s going on? Does Mr. Allen dislike her? Why?” 
Keira also wanted to know why, so she didn’t refute but looked directly at Jake. 
Jake chuckled. “Of course, it’s because when she was at the hospital…” 
Before he could finish speaking, his arm was grabbed by Isla. 
When Jake looked at her, Isla shook her head slightly and sighed. “Keira was impulsive and offended Mr. Allen, but the exact reason is personal and shouldn’t be discussed.” 
Jake thought Isla was talking about Rebecca’s issues, which definitely weren’t glorious and weren’t suitable for public discussion. 
Isla continued. “Jake, it was just that Keira used a little too much force when she pushed me, but she didn’t do it on purpose. I don’t need her to apologize.” 
Jake frowned. “Isla, you’re just too kind.” 
He glared at Keira, “Isla has dropped the issue without blaming you. Get out of here now! If you don’t leave, I’ll call security!” 
Isla quickly said, “Keira, Mr. Allen said earlier that he didn’t want to see you here! For the sake of the Horton Group, it’s better for you to leave.” 
The conversations between the two triggered the surrounding people. 
“The Allen family is the guest today after all. We should definitely put their preferences first. This young lady should hurry up and leave!” 
“Exactly, hurry up and leave. Don’t embarrass yourself here!” 
“She looks quite pretty, but how thick-skinned is she!” 
Jalen, listening to these words, immediately stepped in front of Keira and shouted in anger, “Keira, I mean, Miss Olsen was invited by Mr. Horton. I’d like to see who dares to drive her away?!” 
With his words, the crowd became silent. 
“I dare.” 
Jake stepped forward and stood in front of Jalen. “I’ve made my decision. I’ll kick out this person today. Even if my uncle blames me, I’ll still kick her out to avoid hindering our cooperation with the Allen family!” 
As soon as he said this, the surrounding crowd echoed. 
“Young Mr. Horton is so decisive!” 
“Beauty is indeed a disaster. There is discord between Mr. Horton and Mr. Allen. Does the woman beside him not know how to absorb tensions? She’s even adding fuel to the fire!” 
“Marry an understanding woman! Look at her, and then look at Miss Olsen, who is so knowledgeable and understanding, and most importantly, she can handle the relationship with the Allen family. She’s a virtuous helper indeed!” 
II II 
The raised voices of the argument attracted the attention of the entire banquet hall. 
Rebecca, who had just met with Frankie and Mr. Allen and was annoyed because she was told by Frankie not to have too much contact with Keira, noticed the commotion over here. 
She didn’t want to join, but she suddenly noticed something. “Isn’t that the northeast corner?” 
Mr. Allen replied, “Yes.” 
Rebecca was worried. “Let’s go and see if something happened to Miss Olsen!” 
Mr. Allen unconsciously looked at Frankie’s expression. 
Frankie took a deep breath. Seeing Rebecca’s anxious look, he eventually nodded. And so, the four of them walked in this direction..
###Chapter 77 - 77: Identification
Chapter 77: Identification 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Frankie was pushing Rebecca’s wheelchair personally as the family of four arrived at the edge of the crowd. 
They didn’t get too close, afraid that someone might accidentally bump into Rebecca, so they stopped a short distance away, where they could vaguely hear the conversation taking place. 
Keira was surrounded by a few people from the Horton Group, blocking her from their view. Everyone was in suits, and the women were in formal attire, so they couldn’t immediately spot her. 
Only through the conversation of the surrounding people did they get a vague understanding of the details. 
Frankie said, “It seems Miss Olsen is helping to drive that woman away. Rebecca, you should stay hidden for now.” 
That woman… 
Rebecca nodded, but she wasn’t willing to move further away. She said to Frankie, “Brother, go and see what’s happening quickly. That woman is very fierce. Don’t let Miss Olsen get bullied. I’ll wait for you here.” 
Frankie then left his parents to look after Rebecca, as he squeezed through the crowd, walking toward Jake and Keira. 
As the surrounding people saw him, they respectfully greeted him, “Hello, Mr. Allen.” 
Jake also said immediately, “Mr. Allen, don’t worry. I’ll drive this woman away immediately, so you guys won’t be bothered.” 
He stopped being polite and directly commanded Arian, “Go call security.” 
Frankie, keeping in mind his sister’s instructions, first looked at Isla. Seeing her holding her own wrist, he frowned immediately. “Miss Olsen, are you hurt?” 
Once his sister saw this, she would definitely feel upset! 
When Isla saw him showing such concern for her, she was overjoyed but still replied modestly, “Just a minor injury. Keira didn’t mean it…” 
However, Frankie’s frown deepened. 
That woman dared to hit someone?! 
He gave Keira a disgusted look and harshly said, “Don’t you want to purchase raw materials from the Allen family? I can sell it to you, provided that you kneel and apologize to Miss Olsen immediately, knocking your head on the ground three times!” 
Frankie didn’t like Isla, so he obviously wouldn’t stand up for her over such a minor incident. 
But he didn’t want the situation to escalate and become widely known since he couldn’t hold this woman accountable for her slanders against his sister in the past. 
Now that he had finally caught hold of an opportunity, he used this as an excuse to ruthlessly punish her on his sister’s behalf. 
It was to make her pay the price for her malicious words! 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
This Frankie was pushing his luck! 
Jalen was also enraged. “Mr. Allen, whatever grudges you hold, to resort to such humiliation is too much!” 
Jake also felt it was a bit over the top, so he couldn’t help but say, “Mr. Allen, Isla has already let it go. After all, they’re sisters…” 
But Frankie wasn’t backing down. “I’m a person that places importance on the principle of the matter, and I don’t have as generous a heart as Miss Olsen.” 
He was staring directly at Keira, his face expressionless. “Believe it or not, if you can’t satisfy me, I can make it so you can’t buy raw materials within the country! Your little company will go bankrupt!” 
Originally, he wanted to stall for time and delay their delivery, causing them to lose some compensation money. 
But now, he wanted to go all out! 
It would be a matter of minutes for a large corporation like the Allen family which had existed for several generations to crush Keira’s small company. It would be too easy! 
Keira stared at him. 
Allen was very gentle and polite to her when they first met. 
She really couldn’t understand why his attitude suddenly changed drastically. 
Did this man think she could only purchase raw materials domestically? 
Keira tensed her jaw, sneering, and just as she was about to say something, the frosty voice of Lewis rang out, “Is Mr. Allen really that capable?” 
He had gone out to make a call and was finally back. As soon as he walked through the door, he saw Frankie and Keira confronting each other, so he strode over to Keira and stood between her and Frankie. 
Frankie stared at him. “Mr. Horton, kindly refrain from interfering in the matter between us.” 
But Lewis replied indifferently, “What if I insist on interfering?” 
Frankie wouldn’t back off, and his expression darkened. “In that case, I need to reconsider the partnership between the Horton and Allen families!” 
When these words came out, it alarmed the people from the Horton Group. 
Jake quickly added, “Uncle, you can’t switch the company’s interests for a woman!” 
Arian echoed, “Right, Mr. Horton. Jake and his fiancee have put in a lot of effort to maintain a good relationship with the Allen family. Even if you don’t want to improve the relationship, how could you pull us down?” 
Hearing this, the other executives of the Horton Group murmured in agreement, although they dared not speak out loud. 
Seeing this, Frankie calmly explained, “This woman has once caused my sister unbearable pain with a few sentences, so I have to teach her a lesson. Mr. Horton, are you determined to be enemies with the Allen family?” 
Frankie never wanted to confront Lewis. Given Isla’s intervention, he had even been considerate toward Jake by not breaching Lewis’s bottom line. 
But for his sister, he could disregard any consequences! 
Even if he would be reprimanded by his aunt when he went back to Clance, he wouldn’t hesitate! 
The executives present couldn’t resist starting to voice their opinions. 
“Mr. Horton, since this lady was the first to hurt Miss Allen, then if Mr. Allen wants to vent his anger, he has the right…” 
“Right, we are guests after all.” 
“Mr. Horton, can’t you consider the group’s best interests…” 
Tom, who was following Lewis, was getting a little anxious at this point. He muttered quietly, “Boss, everyone is siding with Jake right now. If you keep up the strong attitude, I’m afraid you might provoke everyone’s anger.” 
Keira, who was standing behind Lewis and had been listening to their conversation all along, felt perplexed. 
She stepped forward and said, “Mr. Allen, I really can’t figure out how I actually hurt Rebecca. Why not ask her to come over? Whatever the issue is, we can discuss it face-to-face!” 
Isla immediately replied, “Keira, Miss Allen is a patient now and it’s inconvenient for her to be moved about. How can you ask her to come over? Isn’t this just making things difficult for Mr. Allen?” 
However, Lewis responded steadily. “Indeed, we should invite Miss Allen over to clarify the issue.” 
Frankie frowned. “She’s not very comfortable…” 
His sister didn’t want to face this woman who had bullied her. 
But just as he finished speaking, his father’s voice echoed from the crowd. “Frankie, let your sister spell it out to avoid misunderstanding. They may think we, the Allen family, are bullying people.” 
With that, he pushed Rebecca’s wheelchair toward them from the back of the crowd. 
Being watched by so many people, Rebecca tilted her head and seemed a little shy to lift her head. 
Seeing his sister like this, Frankie was heartbroken. He glared at Lewis, “Mr. Horton, after my sister explains the situation, I hope you’ll keep your eyes open. You shouldn’t blindly protect some societal scum!” 
He squatted down, pointing at Keira. “Rebecca, don’t be scared.. Look at her and tell everyone what this woman has done to you!”
###Chapter 78 - 78: Slap in the Face
Chapter 78: Slap in the Face 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Isla was completely dumbfounded and stood there in shock. 
Miss Allen… Why was she here?! 
She clenched her fingers in panic, wanting to escape this very moment! 
Rebecca seemed a bit afraid. The betrayal from her husband and mother-in-law had shattered her confidence. 
Yet under the gentle guidance of her brother’s voice, she looked up and followed Frankie’s pointing finger. She thought she would see that detestable woman, but she saw the cold face of her life-saver instead!! 
For a moment, she was dumbfounded. 
Keira looked at her. “Rebecca, I must have offended you somehow, or perhaps, said something wrong, which made you hate me so much.” 
Rebecca was dumbfounded. 
She waved her hands in confusion. “No, I, I…” 
Frankie comforted her. “Rebecca, don’t be afraid. You can speak up if you have 
anything to say.” 
As soon as he finished speaking, his father smacked him on his head. “Frankie, have you pointed out the wrong person? She’s Miss Olsen, the young lady who has saved Rebecca!” 
Rebecca nodded immediately. 
“What?” 
Frankie was slightly stunned. He looked at Keira to see her face full of anger. 
Her clear and cold eyes were watching them. 
He then looked at Isla. Sure enough, her eyes were flickering, and her whole 
body was trembling… 
Frankie suddenly realized something. 
He pointed to Isla, asking Rebecca, “Rebecca, tell me, who is she?” 
Rebecca looked at Isla and immediately withdrew her gaze. She waved her hand. “Brother, please help me get rid of her. I don’t want to see her! 
Her attitude needed no more explanation. 
Frankie’s face changed drastically, and he exclaimed, “So, Keira is the person who saved you, and Isla is the evil woman who didn’t help you and added insult to injury?!” 
Rebecca nodded immediately. 
The conversation between the two clearly reached the ears of all the onlookers. 
Everyone understood what was going on and immediately looked at Isla and 
Jake in shock. 
Jake widened his eyes and turned his head to Isla in disbelief, only to see her face turn pale, completely colorless. 
The whole scene fell silent for a while, and those executives who had just accused Keira and Lewis were now silent as scared chickens. 
A cold and deep voice suddenly rang out. “Mr. Allen, who exactly fails to see people for who they are?” 
Lewis was indifferent and sarcastic. “You should go to the hospital to get your 
eyes checked.” 
Frankie’s mouth moved, and he dared not say anything. 
jalen also mocked him. “In the future, we can’t do kind things like helping people, lest someone gets fooled, and we’ll be cut off from resources … By the way, Mr. Allen, you just said that you would make sure Miss Olsen wouldn’t get any supply in the country. Is this the Allen family’s attitude toward their benefactors?” 
Frankie immediately looked at Keira with a sincere, apologetic look on his face. 
He had been displeased with Isla because she had made various demands on him, but the real Miss Olsen had never asked for any reward for her help! 
He said, “Miss Olsen, I was blind. I’ll make sure that your raw materials are delivered as promised!” 
“Right. Good.” 
The anger on Keira’s face had disappeared. When she saw the truth, she even 
felt a bit dumbfounded. 
She hadn’t expected Isla to be shameless enough to steal credit! 
She wasn’t all that angry either. Frankie had just been fooled, but it showed that he wasn’t all that clever or had good judgment. It would be better to work with him less in the future. 
After Frankie apologized, he remembered the culprit and immediately looked angrily in the direction where Isla was. He was about to settle accounts with her, but when he looked over, he found that Isla was gone. 
He frowned and asked in a gloomy tone, “Where is Isla Olsen?” 
“She ran away…” 
Frankie could only glare at Jake. “Young Mr. Horton, I need an explanation for this!” 
Jalen seized the opportunity and said, “Young Mr. Horton, you are too impatient. You have just graduated, and you’re eager to establish a foothold in the Horton Group. But we should rely on real skills, right? Why are you always using tactics that aren’t aboveboard?” 
As soon as he said this, the crowd began to discuss. 
“The incident with Dr. South was the same, he was promoted to the position of deputy head of the research department by relying on Dr. South, but in the end, Dr. South turned out to be Mr. Horton’s contact…” 
“Now I see it. He was planning to get promoted to general manager by the excuse of saving someone’s life this time!” 
“That’s too shameless.” 
“It turns out that Isla has always been stealing other people’s credit. However, Miss Keira Olsen, who is humble and unassuming, has really helped us so much…” 
-Mr. Allen must be embarrassed in front of Mr. Horton. He didn’t dare to refute when Mr. Horton just said he should go check his eyesight. It’ll be easier for them to cooperate in the future!” 
fl II 
The surrounding discussions and glances made Jake feel like pins and needles. He explained, “I didn’t know what really happened until now. It was all Islas doing. It has nothing to do with me. I was fooled by her too!! 
Unfortunately, no one would believe him. 
After all, husband and wife were one, and they had just announced their engagement so proudly! 
Frankie took a deep breath and looked at Lewis. “Mr. Horton, I withdraw the suggestion I gave you when signing the contract and demand that the project cooperation between the Allen and Horton families exclude young Mr. Horton!” 
Lewis remained unperturbed. “Okay.” 
He glanced at the people around him and said, “The proposal to promote Jake to the director of the project department will be canceled, and his position as deputy general manager of the R&D department will be revoked. Any ions?” 
The crowd shook their heads. 
Jake felt as if he was slapped fiercely on his face! 
He clenched his fist, wished to dig a hole and hide in it, and finally left in humiliation. 
“Miss Olsen!” 
Rebecca quietly called out and came to Keira. Tears were welling up in her eyes. “My brother is so stupid. He even mistook you for that woman. He also said that he had avenged me. Did he do something bad to you?” 
Keira glanced at Frankie and saw that even though he was pretending to be calm, his restless hands didn’t know where to place, revealing his nervousness. 
She smiled faintly and said, “No.” 
Rebecca immediately sighed with relief. “That’s really great then. 
Frankie was slightly stunned, and the look in his eyes toward Keira had some gratitude. 
Immediately, his eyes flashed with a touch of grimness. 
He looked toward Lewis. “Mr. Horton, where is that Isla Olsen staying? She did something wrong, and she has to pay the price! 
Lewis narrowed his eyes and nodded to Tom behind him. “Help Mr. Allen out.” “Sure.” 
On the other side, Keira lowered her head and was whispering with Rebecca. Mr. Allen was staring at Keira without blinking. 
Mrs. Allen nudged him. “Hey, what are you doing?” 
Mr. Alien’s eyes lit up. “I see! No wonder I always felt that Miss Olsen looked familiar! I know whose daughter she is! 
With that, he walked straight toward Keira.. “Miss Olsen, is your mother’s surname South?”
###Chapter 79 - 79: Jodie South
Chapter 79: Jodie South 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira looked surprised, shaking her head. “No, what’s wrong?” 
Mrs. Olsen’s surname was South. 
Mr. Allen looked surprised. “No? Are you sure you aren’t mistaken?” 
Her eyes, face, and even her expression were identical to a woman he knew! 
She looked exactly like that woman did when she was young! 
Keira said, “No, I’m not.” 
Mr. Allen frowned, looking disappointed. “Well, maybe I am just imagining 
things.” 
Keira didn’t take it to heart. 
Mrs. Allen couldn’t help but poke Mr. Allen quietly. “Who does Miss Olsen look like? By the look on your face, is she your old flame?” 
Mr. Allen immediately begged for mercy and replied in a low voice, “Easy now, don’t say such things. She’s of an older generation! Her surname is South, and her daughter’s surname is South too. Upon seeing Miss Olsen’s face, I thought that the elderly woman was her grandmother…” 
Hearing this, Mrs. Allen realized she had misspoken and said, “Your disappointed look led me astray. How could I not overthink it?” 
Mr Allen said awkwardly, “I had seen that elderly woman when I was young. 
The impression she left was unforgettable. If you had seen her, you would have 
felt the same…” 
Mrs. Allen was curious. “Who is it? Someone from Clance?” 
“She used to live in Clance, but who knows where she is now.” Mr. Allen waved 
his hand. “I haven’t heard from her for years.” 
After getting news about the Olsen family from Tom, Frankie came over and said, “Dad, I’m going to visit the Olsens. Their daughter deceived and played me. I need to talk to them!” 
Mr. Allen mocked him. “Our perceptive Frankie actually got tricked.” 
He looked at Keira and asked, “What kind of person do you see Miss Olsen as? 
Should we let Rebecca befriend her?” 
Frankie turned red and didn’t reply. 
Mrs. Allen, however, quietly looked at Lewis standing in the distance, sighed softly, and said nothing. 
The banquet soon came to an end, and people started leaving. 
Lewis personally saw the Allen family off. 
Frankie had regained his composure. After exchanging a few words with Lewis, the group said their goodbyes at the parking lot. 
Keira also came to say goodbye to Rebecca. 
Even after getting married and divorced, Rebecca was still clinging to Keira s hand like a child, “After going back to the hospital, you must come to see me. I am leaving tomorrow.” 
Mrs. Allen was both frustrated and amused. “After going back to Clance, you need to go through your treatment. Once you are fully recovered, you can come to see Miss Olsen. We can get around so easily nowadays, but you make it sound like it’s a matter of life and death.” 
Rebecca was somewhat embarrassed upon hearing this. 
Keira also couldn’t help but smile. 
As a matter of fact, she quite liked Rebecca. Raised carefully by her family, she was innocent and kind, clearly a happy child who had grown up in a caring environment. 
It was the kind of life Keira envied the most. 
Keira lowered her gaze. “I’ll see you off tomorrow.” 
Only with this promise did Rebecca seem satisfied. She was hoisted into the car by Frankie. 
Mr. Allen told Mrs. Allen, “You take Rebecca home. I am going to the Olsen’s 
with Frankie.” 
Keira immediately furrowed her eyebrows. 
The Allen’s wouldn’t be taking Isla’s deception lightly, and it was reasonable for them to want to confront the Olsens. 
She thought for a moment, then decided to speak up. “Uncle Allen, I’ll go with 
you.” 
It wasn’t because she wanted to prevent the Allen family from causing trouble for Isla; after all, she too was a victim and didn’t feel the need to play the saint. 
She was more worried about Mrs. Olsen’s health. 
Of course, Mr. Allen agreed. “Sure.” 
Upon hearing this, Lewis approached Keira and said, “I will drop you off.” 
But before he could continue, Tom reminded him gingerly, “Boss, you have an international conference later…” 
Lewis pursed his lip as if intending to insist. 
Keira quickly said, “Don’t worry about me…” 
Frankie also said, “Just ride with us. It’s on the way to the hospital too. 
He glanced at Keira, then quickly looked away. 
Lewis’s eyes dimmed as he looked at Keira. She was simply stunning today… 
He scoffed. “Never mind. Mr. Allen’s sight isn’t too good. I’m afraid you may not 
see the road clearly when driving.” 
Frankie was speechless. 
Even in his calm demeanor, some part of him was indignant. His expression hardened. “The Allen family isn’t too poor to afford a chauffeur. Mr. Horton, you must be making fun of me.” 
Lewis was about to retort when Jalen jumped in. “I can take Miss Olsen. It’s on 
my way.” 
The relationship between Lewis and the Allens was easing, and Jalen didn t want to worsen it again! 
All the senior executives of the Horton Group were watching! 
Lewis nodded, seeming to reluctantly agree. 
Keira followed Jalen to his car and sat in the back seat. 
Once the car started, Jalen looked at Lewis through the rear-view mirror and then glanced at Keira. He cleared his throat, suddenly asking, “What exactly is your relationship with my cousin? 
Keira raised her eyebrows. 
Jalen hastily added, “I should warn you. My cousin is married. Even though I haven’t met his wife, they have been married for two years and have always been close. You should be careful not to end up as the other woman.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She rubbed her chin, her face a blend of smile and seriousness, “So, do you know who his legal wife is?” 
“Who?” 
Keira blinked, “Me.” 
II II 
Jalen laughed awkwardly. “Dr. South, don’t joke with me. His wife is studying abroad; it can’t possibly be you!” 
Keira didn’t say anything more. 
They and the Allen family drove to the Olsen residence. 
Upon getting out of the car, Keira stepped in first, hoping to give Mrs. Olsen a heads-up and prevent her from being taken aback by the Allen family’s abrupt arrival. 
She hastened her steps, and as soon as she entered the living room, she was greeted with a slap across her face! 
“Slap!” 
Keira turned her head to the side, feeling a burning pain on her cheek. Her mouth was filled with a strong taste of rust as blood trickled down the corner of her mouth. 
Taylor stood angrily before her. “You ungrateful creature! Why did you steal your sister’s credits?! Are you jealous of her and want her to be divorced by the Horton family?!” 
II II 
The surprise in Keira’s eyes slowly faded. She licked the blood at the corner of her mouth and swallowed the remaining blood, a cold feeling spreading through her chest. 
She looked behind Taylor to see Isla sobbing with red eyes on the couch. 
The gentle and gracious Mrs. Olsen came over and seemed just as shocked. “Taylor, what are you doing? How dare you lay hands on Keira just based on Isla’s side of the story?!” 
Taylor replied, “Shirley, I don’t care about the truth. All I know is that Isla is our daughter! As the Olsen’s illegitimate daughter, she should uphold Isla’s reputation!” just as he finished his sentence, Mr. Allen along with his son and bodyguards barged in. 
Upon seeing them, Taylor instinctively shielded Mrs. Olsen. “Who are you? How dare you barge into our house!” 
Frankie was about to say something but was interrupted by Mr.. Allen, who exclaimed in surprise,”… Jodie South? Are you Jodie South?”
###Chapter 80 - 80: Her Origin
Chapter 80: Her Origin 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Frankie came here to confront Isla, so he brought many bodyguards with him, all of whom had stern faces. As soon as they entered, they blocked the way and looked very menacing. 
Isla was terrified, her face white as a sheet. Tears welled up in her eyes, but she didn’t dare to cry. 
Taylor had never seen such a scene before and was fiercely protecting Mrs. Olsen, looking flustered. 
Mrs. Olsen was usually in poor health, but she was the most composed at this moment. She frowned at the people in front of her, remaining unruffled throughout. 
After Mr. Allen called out her name, Mrs. Olsen was slightly startled. She looked at Mr. Allen and hesitated for a while before speaking. “Mr. Allen?” 
Mr. Allen nodded. “Yes, it’s me.” 
He frowned and looked around. The Olsen family’s background wasn’t worth mentioning in his eyes. Therefore, he hesitated for a moment before saying, “Back then, you and your sisters were sought after by many suitors in Clance. How did you end up marrying into…” 
Although he didn’t finish the sentence, his disapproval was apparent. 
Taylor’s expression changed slightly, revealing a hint of resentment. 
Mrs. Olsen, however, changed the topic by clearing her throat. “Mr. Allen, what brings you to our place?” 
Upon hearing this, Frankie angrily said, “I’m here to hold Miss Isla accountable!” 
Mr. Allen immediately reminded him, “Frankie, Ms. South is your elder. Please be more respectful.” 
Choked by his words, Frankie could only calmly recount the events. 
After hearing that not only did Isla fail to help a girl in distress, but she also spewed out vicious words and hammered the nail on the girl’s downfall, Jodie immediately changed her demeanor. 
Upon hearing further that Isla impersonated Keira and claimed her credits, she clenched her fists tightly. She was slightly trembling with anger, and the medicine she took could no longer suppress her coughs. 
She covered her chest and began to cough violently. 
Taylor quickly held her shoulder and gently patted her back. “Shirley, don’t worry. Don’t get upset…” 
Seeing this, Frankie found it inappropriate to say anything else. 
Mr. Allen also hurriedly said, “Ms. South, don’t worry. Since Isla is your daughter, let’s forget this matter, and we won’t pursue it.” 
Frankie frowned. “Dad.” 
Mr. Allen gave him a stern look. 
Frankie had to remain silent. 
With one hand on her chest, Mrs. Olsen looked up at him, “Mr. Allen… cough…cough… about this matter…cough… I’ll… punish her accordingly… and give you an… explanation…” 
Seeing her like this, Mr. Allen repeatedly waved his hands. “No, have some rest. My son and I will take our leave.” 
Having said that, he pulled the reluctant Frankie out the door. 
Before leaving, Frankie glanced at Keira. Seeing her swollen cheeks and her eyes fixed on Mrs. Olsen, he could only leave first as she made no movement. 
Once in the car, he frowned. “Dad, what relationship do you have with Ms. South? Why did you help her so much? You haven’t done anything to betray my mother, have you?” 
Mr. Allen slapped him on the head. “What nonsense are you spouting? Back then, she did our family a great favor!” 
Only then did Frankie relax. 
However, Mr. Allen frowned. “I always feel like I have forgotten something… Never mind. I don’t want to think about it.” 
He then sighed for Jodie South, “The once famous woman, how did she fall to this state…” 
In the room, everyone was oblivious to their conversation. 
At this moment, the living room was filled with Mrs. Olsen’s coughing. Taylor was at a loss for what to do, and his ed-rimmed eyes were full of distress. “Shirley, what’s wrong with you? How can we stop the coughing? Let’s go to the hospital!” 
Keira moved forward, handing Mrs. Olsen a cup of water, and picked up her medication from the table. 
About two minutes later, Mrs. Olsen’s coughing finally subsided. 
She appeared abnormally flushed and looked at Isla. “Kneel!” 
Isla couldn’t believe it and exclaimed, “Mom?” 
“I said kneel!” 
Mrs. Olsen’s emotions ran high, causing her to cough once more. 
Taylor couldn’t help but interject, “Shirley, don’t be angry, it’s not such a big deal.” 
Mrs. Olsen said angrily, “The most important thing about a person is their character. She first pretended to be Dr. South, and now, she’s stealing Keira’s credit. How can I not be angry?!” 
Seeing her getting irate and about to cough, Keira quickly said, “Ma’am, getting angry is bad for your health.” 
Upon hearing this, Taylor looked directly at her and cursed, “You knew Shirley’s condition, so why did you bring them here?! Do you want to kill her?!” 
Keira clenched her fists and said, “It wasn’t me who brought them here.” 
She was explaining to Mrs. Olsen. As for the others, she didn’t care at all. 
Mrs. Olsen nodded. “I know. You came in ahead of them to send a warning, right?” 
Keira lowered her head, her eyes getting a little teary. 
Mrs. Olsen understood her. 
She had never been one to give unilaterally. 
Taylor, however, sneered. “Shirley, don’t be fooled by her! If she really cared for you, she would’ve said it was her and her sister who made the phone call together! The Allen family would surely let it go!” 
Mrs. Olsen suddenly looked at him. “How can you be so shameless in your deeds? We’ve been too indulgent of Isla, and that’s why she turns out this way!” 
Taylor was speechless. 
Isla suddenly stood up from the sofa and said, “Turn into what?!” 
She glared at Mrs. Olsen and yelled, “I’ve turned out this way because of your pressure, haven’t I?! Just ask around. Which family will value an illegitimate child as much as you do? In your heart, am I always inferior to her?” 
Her tears rolled down. “Since I was little, I’ve always had to be better than Keira because I was afraid you would like her and not me! This became more pronounced as we grew up. What did I marry Jake for? It was to gain your attention! I wanted you to know that your daughter is the best! 
“Keira Olsen, do you feel proud? Your mom interfered in my parents’ marriage, and you took my mom from me! What are you pretending to be upset about? Even after you left the Olsen family, you’re still lingering with my mom through Dr. South’s identity! 
“I worked so hard in college, but I’m still outdone by her… If I hadn’t stolen her identity this time, Jake would have called off the engagement! 
“I did all this just to impress you, Mom!” 
After yelling this out, she ran upstairs and slammed her bedroom door shut. 
Mrs. Olsen stood there in shock. 
She looked up at the stairs in disbelief. “Am I really like that?” 
She felt there was some truth in it but couldn’t point out where she was wrong. 
Deep down, she truly favored Keira more. She knew it was wrong, but she couldn’t control it… 
Taylor sighed. “Shirley, Isla is our own daughter, and Keira is an outsider. You really…” 
But he didn’t finish his sentence. 
He glared at Keira. “You troublemaker! The years you were gone were so peaceful for us. But the moment you show up, our home is in chaos. From now on, you’re not allowed to step foot in the Olsen house anymore!” 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
When Mrs. Olsen was about to say something, Taylor held her arm. “Shirley, there should be a line between close relatives and distant ones… Don’t confuse yourself!” 
Mrs. Olsen was stunned, feeling a rush of guilt in her heart. 
Toward Isla, and to Keira. 
Keira felt a heavy weight on her chest. She knew what she had to do and was already used to it. 
Lowering her eyes, she took a step back. “Ma’am, please take care of your health and don’t worry about me.” 
Then, she turned around and strode away. 
Her steps were firm, and her back was straight. 
But the moment she stepped out of the door, a tear rolled down her cheek. 
She had never deserved to stand by Mrs. Olsen’s side. 
She raised her hand and gently brushed the corner of her eye to wipe away the tear stain. 
At that moment, her cell phone rang. It was her uncle, Finley Hill. His voice was weary and panicked. “Niece, I’ll sell the secret to you for five million. Do you want it?” 
“Yes..”
###Chapter 81 - 81: Meet Up
Chapter 81: Meet Up 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira didn’t care about those five million. 
After all, the money that Finley owed was all thanks to her schemes. This money, eventually, would end up back in her hands. 
Finley lowered his voice, “Then send me the money now.” 
Keira narrowed her eyes. “Tell me the secret first.” 
“No way, give me the money first!” 
Keira Olsen knew very well about her uncle’s character. 
He dared to ask for five million from Isla for a single secret, which meant the secret was worth much more than that. Keira remembered the last time when she gave a deposit of two hundred thousand. If she sent the money now, he wouldn’t tell her the truth. 
Keira sneered. “If you don’t want to sell, then forget it.” 
Having said that, she waited quietly. 
As expected, Finley panicked. “I’ll sell it! I’ll sell it! Keira, please help me! I can’t repay their money, and they are about to kill me! I’m hiding in the suburbs, and I dare not show my face!” 
Keira stayed calm. “Didn’t you try to get help from Isla?” 
“Of course I did!” There was anger in Finley’s voice. “But she said she couldn’t give me that much money. The Olsen family is worth billions, so how could she not have five million? She has climbed that high branch and doesn’t need the Olsen family anymore, so she’s gambling with her luck and isn’t afraid of me revealing the truth. That’s why she refuses to help me!” 
Finley was pleading. “Niece, please help me. You won’t regret this. This secret is worth even ten million!” 
Keira’s voice remained calm and casual. “Are you saying it’s worth ten million? 
I still need to assess whether this secret of yours is worth the money!” 
The more indifferent she was, the more information Finley would disclose, out of fear that she might not come. 
Keira was playing a psychological game with him. 
Being on the run for the past few days had left Finley neurotic and tense. Upon hearing her words, he exclaimed, “It is worth it! This matter involves you and the Olsen family!” 
“What does it have to do with me and the Olsen family? I have nothing to do with the Olsen family!” 
Keira continued to coax information from him. 
Defending himself, Finley said, “I can’t say more unless you give me the money!” 
Keira understood. Finley was no fool. With his street smarts, she wouldn’t be able to squeeze any more information out of him. She asked, “Where are you?” 
“I’ll send you my location on WhatsApp. Come here with the money.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up, Finley sent her a location on WhatsApp. 
Keira had already left the villa complex and was standing on the roadside. 
She touched her swollen cheek and was about to order a cab online when a familiar black Bentley suddenly stopped in front of her. 
Keira was slightly stunned, then saw the back door of the car slowly open. Lewis sat there looking at his computer, participating in an international conference call. 
He was speaking French, his deep voice sounding incredibly pleasant. 
He glanced at Keira before quickly turning his head and looking at her cheek. 
He paused in his speech, and his voice turned cold when he spoke again. “J’ai quelque chose. Continuez.” (I have something to do, you carry on.) 
He took off his headphones, closed the laptop, and pointed to the seat, instructing her to get in. 
Then he opened the car refrigerator, took out an ice bag wrapped in a towel, and handed it to her. “Apply this first.” 
II II 
Keira looked at him blankly. “Why do you have it in your car?” 
Lewis’s gaze was indifferent, and he said casually, “Tom often gets injured, so we keep these things handy.” 
Tom, who was driving, was dumbfounded. 
As Lewis’s personal assistant, why was he not aware that he often got injured? 
The truth was, after Keira came here, Lewis felt uneasy and followed her. While holding a meeting and looking outside, he ran into Frankie and heard that Keira had been hit. Immediately, he asked Frankie to find a supermarket and buy these things. 
But Tom didn’t dare to expose the truth. 
Instead, Keira said, “I see.” 
She got into the car, took the ice pack, and applied it to her face. The burning sensation eased somewhat, clearing her head a bit. 
However, her gaze fell on a supermarket receipt. Even though she merely glanced at it, she noticed that the items were just bought. 
For some reason, the sense of grievance she had just suppressed suddenly welled up again, making her want to cry. 
Keira remembered as a child when her deskmate was injured at school. He appeared strong when questioned by teachers and classmates, but the moment school was over and he saw his mother at the school gate, he would cry his eyes out despite his minor injury. 
She had always found it confusing. 
But at this moment, she suddenly understood that feeling. 
How pathetic she was, getting weaker as she got older. 
Keira turned her head and pressed the towel against her swollen cheek. Her eyes stung. 
She tried hard to control herself, but the grievances that had been buried deep in her heart for many years fermented, and in an instant, strong emotions welled up, and she couldn’t suppress them. 
She took in a deep breath and suddenly said, “Mr. Horton, can I borrow your shoulder for a minute?” 
Lewis stiffened, his face turning pale. 
Only then did Keira abruptly realize her blunder. She wanted to say something to smooth it over but saw him cough a little. He leaned toward her, patted his shoulder, and said, “You can have it for five minutes.” 
“…Ok.” 
Keira buried her head in his shoulder, and her tears finally overflowed. 
She never knew that someone could shed so many tears. 
After all, since she could remember, she never cried out loud. 
She knew that when others cried, someone would feel sorry for them, but she had no one. 
Five minutes later, seeing a large stain on Lewis’s suit, Keira felt a bit embarrassed. Just as she was about to apologize, Lewis gave her an anti-swelling ointment and an Eronase capsule that could be taken orally. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She didn’t need them for such a minor injury. 
But she didn’t want to ruin the mood, so she took them with a simple “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome.” 
The car became quiet again. 
Keira straightened up. 
After shedding her tears, she felt much better. Only then did she realize that the car was heading for a hospital. 
Keira remembered the matter at hand and quickly took out her phone. “Can we go here instead?” 
“Ok.” 
The car changed direction swiftly, and they soon arrived in the suburbs. 
It was an abandoned hospital. 
In the dark night, the dim light from the street lamps made the dilapidated buildings seem a bit desolate. 
Keira took out her phone and texted Finley. “I’m here. Where are you?” 
Finley responded quickly. “Room 303, come quickly.” 
Keira headed straight for the third floor. 
Lewis was watching her with a furrowed brow, and he followed closely behind her out of worry. 
They soon arrived at 303. 
Keira knocked on the door. “Uncle, it’s me.” 
Finley’s voice rang out. “Come in..”
###Chapter 82 - 82: Secret
Chapter 82: Secret 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Lewis stepped forward, intending to go in first. 
But Keira didn’t wait for him to speak. She quietly pushed open the door. 
She didn’t trust her uncle very much, afraid that he would threaten or coerce her into some trap, so she was very vigilant. 
The room was dark, and the light was not turned on. 
Keira slowly entered, and as soon as she walked in, she saw a dark figure rushing toward her. “Niece, if you don’t give me money today, you won’t leave!” 
That threatening tone… 
Keira squinted, sneered, and swiftly raised her foot to give the figure a heavy kick. 
“Thud!” 
The figure fell to the ground. 
Hearing the noise, Lewis hurriedly pushed the door and entered. He couldn’t see what was happening and asked anxiously, “Is everything okay?” 
“It’s fine.” 
As these words fell, Tom, who was following behind, took out a powerful flashlight and directed it toward Keira, illuminating half of the room. 
As Keira was alert for any movement from Finley, she glanced at Lewis and noticed that he was staring hard at something behind her, his pupils slightly dilated, chin tense. 
Keira frowned and turned her head involuntarily. 
Lewis instinctively took a step forward, trying to block her line of sight. 
But Keira shook her head slightly, avoiding his protection, and looked. 
The next moment, she stood rooted to the spot in shock! 
Finley lay there face up, his eyes wide open, his body twitching slightly. His chest was pierced through by an old steel bar! 
His clothes were soaked with blood, creating a horrifying sight. 
Keira’s heart sank a little. She hurriedly went forward to check. 
Just then, an impatient voice came from outside the door. “Dad, I am here.” 
A man in his twenties, who bore a resemblance to Finley, rushed in. 
Keira recognized him. It was Finley’s son, Connor. 
He was one year junior to Isla and Keira, currently studying at Oceanion University. 
Finley had once asked Keira for tuition fees when Connor got admitted into the university, but Keira refused. 
She knew that even if she gave him, it would just end up fueling his gambling addiction. 
Having such a father made Connor a rather gloomy person. He hardly socialized and even had a strained relationship with his family. 
At this moment, his face was filled with anger. “I’ve borrowed twenty thousand from a classmate. I have nothing else. If you push me any further, I’ll go abroad and never concern myself with you again… Dad?!” 
Upon seeing Finley, Connor froze in shock, dropping the bag he was carrying. The twenty thousand scattered out of the bag… 
Rushing to Finley’s side, he trembled as he touched his father’s nose… 
The next moment, he swiftly retreated and squatted on the floor. Then, looking at Keira, he shouted in terror, “You… Did you kill him?!” 
He frantically groped on the floor for his phone, trembling as he dialed 911. “Hello, I want to report a case, My father has been killed!”… 
The police arrived quickly. They located the power switch for the abandoned building. When they switched it on, the entire building lit up. 
Keira and the others were being interrogated by the police. 
Connor’s eyes were red, but he wasn’t crying. He looked somewhat relieved. “My dad sent me a message, asking me to get five million for him, or else he’ll be killed. But I’m only a student. Where can I get that money? 
“I managed to borrow twenty thousand from my friends, thinking it would be enough to tide him over for the time being… 
“I didn’t expect that when I arrived, my father was already dead! That’s when I called the police.” 
Tom was also giving his statement. “Mr. Horton and I had accompanied Miss Olsen here to meet with someone. We decided to accompany her because the building was pitch dark. Miss Olsen entered the room first, then we heard a scuffle inside. Worried that Miss Olsen might be at a disadvantage, we went in… I opened my flashlight and saw him lying on the floor…” 
The police asked, “Was he alive or dead before you guys entered the room?” 
At this question, Tom subconsciously looked at Keira, feeling guilty. 
The police stated sternly, “Bear in mind that perjury is a crime.” 
Tom remained silent. 
It was Lewis who spoke up. “Before entering the room, Miss Olsen knocked on the door, and a man’s voice was heard from inside, telling her to come in.” 
The police asked, “Was it the victim’s voice?” 
Lewis stated honestly, “I don’t know.” 
Eventually, the police turned to Keira. “Miss Olsen, whose voice did you hear? What exactly happened here?” 
“It was his voice,” Keira said, eyes fixated on Finley’s body in deep thought. “When I entered, I heard him threatening me and launching at me. I instinctively kicked him away, and then this happened.” 
Before the police could speak, Connor immediately clenched his fists. “So, you didn’t do it intentionally? Was it self-defense gone wrong?” 
Keira responded calmly, “I don’t know.” 
The police were puzzled. “What don’t you know?” 
Before Keira could respond, Lewis interjected, “It was dark in the room. Miss Olsen merely kicked the person away. It’s unclear how he died.” 
Lewis then turned to Keira.” Miss Olsen, think carefully. Did you hear the sound of a weapon penetrating a body, or a knife going through? Did you hear his scream?” 
Keira, who had been reviewing every detail prior to the police’s arrival, immediately shook her head when asked. “No.” 
Connor stood still. “What do you mean?” 
Keira looked at the police, her tone resolute. “I did not kill him.” 
The policeman hesitated for a moment. 
A young woman would have vomited in terror after witnessing such a ghastly murder scene. However, this woman not only maintained a straight face, but she was also incredibly logical in explaining her thoughts. It was quite impressive. 
He said straightforwardly, “We have recorded all the evidence at the scene and your statements. Miss Olsen, as it stands, you’re the prime suspect. Please wait here for the forensic doctor to arrive and conduct an examination. If no new evidence is found, we’ll then let you leave.” 
Keira nodded. “Okay.” 
She and Lewis were also looking for clues. 
The old factory was filled with dust, but Finley spent a day hiding there and touched many things, leaving traces of his presence everywhere. This actually made it difficult to discern any leads. 
Just then, a technical criminal police officer reported, “His mobile phone has been unlocked!” 
Keira immediately looked over to see the officer walk over and take the phone, scrolling through the chat content and call history. 
He appeared to have been pressing keys haphazardly and landed on a voice memo. 
Then, his eyes lit up. “Just an hour ago, he saved a voice message!” 
Upon finishing the sentence, the officer played the voice message. Coming from the phone was Finley’s voice.. “Dear niece, about that secret…”
###Chapter 83 - 83: Old Friend
Chapter 83: Old Friend 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira’s heart leaped, and she quickly moved toward the police officer, wanting to hear clearly what he was saying. 
But in the next moment, a hand was extended from beside that police officer, hastily pressing the pause button. A cold rebuke rang out. “The case is unsolved, and no evidence can be revealed in front of the suspect! Have you learned nothing from the police academy?!” 
The police officer cleared his throat hastily and said with a wry smile, “I’m sorry, Dr. Sims. I shouldn’t have done that.” 
The one who spoke was a female forensic doctor with a serious expression in her eyes that reflected the shroud of peace and security of the nation. She said coldly, “No more mistakes.” 
“Yes.” 
Only then did the forensic doctor turn her gaze to Keira. Her eyebrows furrowed slightly, but she didn’t say a word. She put on her gloves and carried her toolbox toward the corpse. 
Keira was stunned for a moment. She didn’t expect it to be her. 
She was Keira’s middle school classmate, and her first female friend, Holly Sims. 
Holly’s family had been forensic doctors for generations. From middle school, she already had a clear life plan, saying that she was born to uphold justice in’ the world. 
The naive words of that time became her lifelong goal. 
She attended a vocational school related to her field during high school and at a young age, she had already become a respected forensic doctor. 
However… 
Keira looked down. 
Holly had some misunderstandings about Keira, and judging from her recent actions, it appeared that Holly still held a grudge. 
Keira sighed silently. 
A few minutes later, after Dr. Sims finished examining the body, she stood up and pronounced her verdict. “The victim died instantly from a penetrating wound. There are signs of being hit in the chest. The time of death should be…” She checked the time. “Between thirty to thirty-five minutes ago.” The police officer immediately said, “We received the emergency call exactly thirty minutes ago, so, the victim died just as Miss Olsen entered.” 
He looked toward Keira. “At present, all evidence points to you, Miss Olsen As for the voice you mentioned earlier, it could be that the heavy fall of the victim drowned out his cries. You just didn’t hear it. Besides, there is a witness who proved that the victim did speak before you entered the room, so you are now the murder suspect. Please come with us to the police station for further investigation!” 
Keira glanced at Holly and didn’t resist. “Okay.” 
Seeing her compliance, the police officer walked up to her, preparing to take her downstairs. 
But at that moment, Holly scoffed and said, “Is a murder suspect not supposed to be handcuffed to prevent escape? Don’t you even have the basic training of a police officer?” 
The police officer was stunned and immediately gave a bitter laugh. 
The lady was very cooperative in their investigation, and even assuming that she really was the killer, it would still be classified as excessive self-defense. It wasn’t intentional, and she wasn’t a violent offender, so handcuffs weren’t necessarily required. 
But he didn’t refute her. After all, it seemed quite clear that Dr. Sims was unhappy with this woman, hence she was picking on her. 
He cleared his throat and looked apologetically at Keira. 
At this point, Lewis, who was standing beside them, immediately took a step forward, intending to speak, but Keira subtly shook her head at him and then complied by extending her hands out. 
After the cold handcuffs were put on her, that was when the police officer started escorting her down the stairs. 
Lewis followed her. “I’ll hire a lawyer for you immediately. Until the lawyer arrives, you have the right to remain silent.” 
Keira nodded. “Just tell Grandma I’m going home for a couple of days.” “Understood.” 
As they reached downstairs, Keira got into the police car, and then suddenly felt a heavy presence beside her. She turned her head to see Holly instead of the police officer from earlier. 
As the car started, Keira asked calmly, looking straight ahead, “How have you been these years?” 
Holly looked at her. Her eyes were cold and deep. “I’ve been doing very well. Sorry to disappoint you.” 
Keira was taken aback and hesitated for a moment before saying, “Back then, I 
“Shut up!” Holly blurted out coldly. “You’re a liar. I don’t believe a word you say!” 
Keira was speechless. 
She heaved a sigh quietly. 
Holly, however, asked, “The man from just now, is he your boyfriend?” 
Keira didn’t want to lie. “He’s my husband, legally speaking.” 
Holly looked noticeably startled. “You’re married?” 
Keira felt as though she were a brute, so she said slowly, “My situation with him is a bit complicated. We…” 
Holly turned her head away. “You did the right thing. Even if you’d sent me an invitation, I wouldn’t have attended!” 
Keira felt silent. 
Only then did she realize why Holly was angry. 
She assumed Keira had gotten married without letting her know. 
Keira shook her head and smiled bitterly. Just as she was about to say something, Holly’s voice rose again. “So, he’s the boy you wanted to marry back then?” 
Keira was taken aback for a moment. 
After a while, she said in a low voice, “…No.” 
Holly sneered. “You do get tired of the old and in with the new. You can even abandon that boy, so how could you possibly consider other friends?” 
Keira tried to explain, “Actually, back then…” 
“I said shut up!” Holly’s face flared up in anger. “Don’t think that by bringing up our past friendship, I will help you! I have long seen your true color. You’re nothing but a complete fraud!” 
Keira was speechless. 
She didn’t say anything else. 
However, Holly turned to look at her again. “Stop thinking about all these chaotic things. You should think more about your case! This case of yours is very complicated, and all the current evidence points to you. The traces on the body also point to you, and I won’t help you conceal anything… Aren’t you the least bit worried?” 
Keira smiled confidently. “Because you are here, I believe I’ll be proven innocent. You once said that you wanted to uphold the justice of the world You’ll never let anyone be wronged under your charge, nor allow any criminals escape.” 
Holly was slightly taken aback. She didn’t know whether she was shocked by Keira’s firm belief in her, or because she was reminded of her zealous words from the past. Her ears turned slightly red. 
But then she grumbled quietly again, “Don’t sweet-talk me. I do not trust a single word you say. Keira, if you are the killer, I’ll make sure justice is served!” They soon arrived at the police station. 
Keira was suspected of murder and temporarily detained. 
Holly personally escorted her to the detention center and placed her in a single cell. b 
She stood outside the cell, looking steadily at Keira. “Are you sure you didn’t kill him?” 
“Yes.” 
Holly frowned. “Then what’s the deal with his voice?” 
Keira replied, “Could it be a recording on the phone? Wasn’t his phone found? Could you please check?” 
Holly scoffed. “The phone is in the police station. It won’t be lost. It’s important evidence.” 
Having finished speaking, she looked steadily at Keira. “You brought up that phone. Don’t you want to know what message he left for you?” 
Keira’s eyes lit up. “Will you tell me?” 
“Of course.” 
Determining what to say next, Holly was calm..
###Chapter 84 - 84: Interrogation
Chapter 84: Interrogation 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Holly slowly said, “It is a voice message left for you, so it’s your right to be informed.” 
Keira asked, “What did he say?” 
Holly replied formally, “The department’s regulations don’t allow suspects to hear about the evidence, but don’t worry, once the trial results come out, whether you are the murderer or not, I’ll tell you.” 
Keira was speechless. 
Holly the little stickler knew how to tease people now. 
Stepping back, Keira sighed. 
Holly warned her again, “Stay here and believe in us. We won’t wrong any good people.” 
Leaving these words, she turned around and left. 
Although she was already off work, Holly didn’t leave but went straight to the morgue of the forensic department. 
When a duty officer saw her, he immediately asked, “Dr. Sims, why are you here so late? Isn’t the case not urgent? Why not dissect the body during the day tomorrow?” 
However, Holly said, “The earlier the cause of death is figured out, the sooner the suspect is cleared.” 
The officer immediately said, “What you mean is, the suspect didn’t kill this man?” 
In front of Keira, Holly always had a fierce image, but now she said, “She’s not that kind of person.” 
Leaving this sentence behind, she went straight into the morgue. 
After all, the detention center was too plain, and it was uncomfortable to live in. The earlier she could clear Keira’s name, the sooner she could be released. 
Holly yawned, took a glance at the body on the dissection table, and opened a drawer. She took out a small loaf of bread, took a few bites, and then started to work. 
She hadn’t had time to eat dinner tonight. 
Sitting in a single cell of the detention center, Keira quietly pondered the events of the day. 
The death of Finley was indeed a surprise, catching her off guard. 
It couldn’t have been any of her subordinates; they wouldn’t set her up. 
Who was it? 
Keira furrowed her brows, suddenly thinking of a person: Isla. 
With Finley’s secret, Isla could spend 150,000 each month to silence him. She failed to come up with this five million now, so she ended up taking the desperate measure of killing him. Was that it? 
Exactly what Finley had on Isla to make her so ruthless? 
No, that wasn’t right. 
When Keira left the Olsen family house, Isla had already run up to the upstairs room and remained there. 
She must have had an accomplice! 
Keira’s thoughts were very clear. However, she was confined here, and her cell phone was confiscated, so she couldn’t contact someone outside. Her hope was on Holly. 
She didn’t know how long it had been, but suddenly there were many footsteps approaching. 
Soon, several policemen stood outside her door. 
The young officer who arrested her today reported to another officer, “Captain Lincoln, this is the murder suspect, Keira Olsen.” 
Captain Lincoln was a man in his thirties. His piercing eyes scanned her from top to bottom, and then he snapped at the young officer, “With the evidence of this case already being so clear, what are you doing not interrogating the suspect immediately?! Bring her to the interrogation room.” 
The young police officer hurriedly opened the door and asked Keira to step out. 
Just as she stepped out, Captain Lincoln immediately pushed her. “Stop dilly-dallying like this! Do you think you can escape the law?” 
Keira staggered a bit, slightly knit her brows, then she looked at Captain Lincoln coldly. 
“What are you looking at? Move!” 
Keira clenched her jaw, knowing better than to argue with him. She picked up her pace to the interrogation room. 
Captain Lincoln grabbed her arm, shoving her onto the interrogation chair, and then with a click, he secured the security buckle on her. At this point, he was treating her like a violent criminal. 
Keira clenched her fists. 
Captain Lincoln sat across from her and asked formally, “Name.” 
“Keira Olsen.” 
“Age.” 
“22 years old.” 
“Gender.” 
Keira took a deep breath, knowing that Captain Lincoln was insulting her. She wanted to get angry, but she held it back. “Female.” 
Captain Lincoln took a look at her and continued to ask, “What is your relationship with the deceased?” 
Keira said, “He was my uncle.” 
Captain Lincoln looked at the information in his hands. “The deceased has been asking you for five million to pay off his gambling debts. So, you resented him, and when he was close to you, you kicked him away?” 
Keira took a deep breath, feeling the malice from the other party. 
She looked at Captain Lincoln and slowly said, “Is that supposed to be a leading question?” 
Captain Lincoln immediately looked at her. “I am but stating facts. You just need to say yes or no!” 
Keira lowered her gaze. “I have the right to remain silent until my lawyer arrives.” 
“You have the rights, my ass!” Captain Lincoln angrily slammed his notebook on the table and glared at her. “This is Crera, every citizen has the duty to cooperate with us in our investigation! Especially suspects like you! Answer my question, now!” 
He stood up. “We have all the material evidence, and there were no fingerprints other than yours at the scene! Finley was punctured from the back with a steel bar, so if you don’t admit to accidental manslaughter, we will have to suspect you of premeditated murder!” 
He came in front of Keira. “Tell me. Do you hold a grudge against the deceased?!” 
Keira gritted her jaw, raised her head, and looked at Captain Lincoln, saying, “No.” 
“You’re lying!” Captain Lincoln shouted, “If you didn’t hold a grudge, when he charged at you, the subconscious reaction should be to evade. Why did you kick him?!” 
Keira clenched her fists. 
She moved out of the house when she was in middle school, so she had no sense of security and knew that no one would protect her. When others showed aggression, her intuitive action was not to evade but to attack! 
But she knew that whatever she said now, it would be useless, so she simply kept her mouth shut. 
Seeing her like this, Captain Lincoln sneered/ “Well, you think you can get away with just staying silent?” 
He immediately walked over and suddenly turned on a bright light, shining it directly into Keira’s eyes! 
The light was so bright, and it made one subconsciously want to shield their eyes, but Keira’s hands were pinned to the interrogation chair, so she couldn’t protect her eyes. 
She slightly tilted her head, but she couldn’t avoid the piercing light. 
Even with her eyes closed, they were still getting red. 
Just after five minutes, her eyes started to dry and sting, and she unconsciously shed a tear. 
The voice of Captain Lincoln came. “Speak. Do you admit to accidental manslaughter or not?!” 
Keira took a deep breath. “I didn’t kill anyone.” 
Captain Lincoln sneered. “Still playing tough? Then let’s shine the light for two hours! If you still don’t confess, then you can spend the night here!” 
Keira’s eyes hurt more and more. Tears uncontrollably streamed down, making her want to rub them. 
Only a dozen minutes had passed, and it was already like this. 
If it was really going to blare at her all night, her eyes might be ruined! 
Meanwhile, outside the police station. 
Lewis arrived with a lawyer..
###Chapter 85 - 85: Need Iron
Chapter 85: Need Iron 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
An hour later, after Holly had performed the autopsy, she found the cause of death was indeed from the puncture wound, with no discrepancy in the time of death. 
That was problematic. 
Indeed, all evidence pointed toward Keira. 
As she bit into a small bread roll, pondering over the evidence, she suddenly thought, “Has Keira had dinner tonight?” 
She quickly submitted the autopsy report, took a few bread rolls, and headed downstairs. 
But as she arrived downstairs, she saw people in the interrogation room. 
She took a random glance and was surprised to see Keira on the monitor! 
Holly rushed over, spotting Keira’s red and swollen eyes. Out of concern, she immediately rushed into the interrogation room and turned off the light! 
The room darkened, yet Keira’s eyes still stung a bit. 
She looked up in a daze. Everything was white and blurry before her, and her ears caught Holly’s angry query. “What are you doing? Who allowed you to interrogate her?!” 
Captain Lincoln stood up, “I did!” 
Holly glared at him. “Captain Lincoln, using torture is illegal!” 
Captain Lincoln threw his cigarette on the floor and stomped on it with his shoe. “I just turned on the spotlight. It was because she wouldn’t confess!” Holly’s face darkened. “There’s no need to rush it. An overnight interrogation? Seriously?!” 
Captain Lincoln scoffed. “If we don’t interrogate her overnight, should we wait for them to conspire a story? Just to let you know, the person over there is a rich man, and I guess a lawyer has already arrived to handle her bail!” 
Holly frowned, “You don’t have to worry. She doesn’t meet the conditions for bail!” 
Captain Lincoln said, “How come? Don’t these rich people love to have weird diseases? They can simply get a hospital certificate, and everything is settled. You’ve seen this kind of case before. What happens if she runs off abroad, then who will be held responsible for the deceased?!” 
Holly replied firmly, “I will!” 
Captain Lincoln sneered. “You will take responsibility? How?” 
Holly pointed to her uniform. “I’ll take responsibility with this uniform I am wearing! Is that okay?” 
Captain Lincoln didn’t expect her to say this, so he fell silent for a moment. Suddenly, his phone made a noise, he glanced at it and looked up with a sneer. “Dr. Sims, you are too naive… Follow me!” 
Holly frowned and followed Captain Lincoln. Once they left the interrogation room, she finally said, “Captain Lincoln, I’m aware of the previous case you’ve handled. That rich second-generation used a heart disease as the reason for bail and then escaped abroad, making the case still unsolved. But you shouldn’t generalize by stereotype. I don’t know about others, but Keira Olsen is definitely not one of them…” 
However, Captain Lincoln turned back and looked at her. “Really? Her lawyer is already in the front lobby. I just received information that they’re applying for bail stating she’s ill…” 
In the front lobby, the lawyer was filling out the application for bail. 
Samuel followed behind Lewis, anxiously pacing around. “Why did it have to be these today?! It’s that time of the month, and Boss will be unwell! She must receive treatment!” 
Lewis frowned. “What kind of disease does she have?” 
Samuel sighed. “She has severe iron-deficiency anemia!” 
Iron deficiency? 
Lewis suddenly thought of Keira’s WhatsApp name “Need Iron”. What that the reason? 
Samuel anxiously said, “Do you think iron-deficiency anemia is a minor ailment? That you could just make it up by supplementing a bit during normal days? My boss’s condition is different! Her disease is strange!” 
Samuel sighed, “There isn’t a known reason for her anemia in medical terms. It’s just that her body strangely doesn’t absorb any iron elements. Therefore, she must go through regulated monthly infusions of iron elements forcibly. She is due for infusion tomorrow…” 
Lewis frowned. “What if she doesn’t receive the infusion on time?” 
Samuel tensed his jaw, “At the very least, she’ll shiver, her face will turn pale, and she’ll feel very weak and dizzy. At its worst, she might even go into shock!” 
After going into shock, if she didn’t receive timely treatment, her life could be endangered! 
Lewis’s expression turned serious. 
He turned to the lawyer. “Do it as fast as possible.” 
The lawyer made a bitter face, “Mr. Horton, the process of obtaining bail is somewhat troublesome. Now that it’s midnight, all the regular departments aren’t at work. I’m afraid we can only complete it tomorrow.” 
Lewis looked at Samuel. 
Samuel Morgan nodded. “Tomorrow should be fine. Boss always has the iron transfusion two days in advance. As long as it doesn’t exceed the day after tomorrow.” 
Lewis let out a sigh of relief. 
The lawyer made another request, wanting to see Keira, but was also rejected on the grounds that it wasn’t allowed in the middle of the night. He was told to come back tomorrow. 
Even though they were worried, they had no choice but to leave for now. 
Once they had left, Holly, with a stern face, walked over with Captain Lincoln. 
Captain Lincoln ordered. “Show Dr. Sims the bail application form for Keira Olsen.” 
Once Holly received the form, her eyes fell on the reason. It clearly stated, “Applying for bail due to severe iron-deficiency anemia, and the need for timely iron infusion to maintain her life.” 
Holly clutched her fists tighter. 
Captain Lincoln glanced at her and sneered. “See? Your trusted friend didn’t even bother to use a serious illness like heart disease as an excuse. Instead, she’s using something as ridiculous as anemia. Dr. Sims, you are truly naive! These rich second-generation people have no bottom line!” 
Holly shivered slightly, feeling as if she had been deceived once again! 
The cunning girl indeed said she trusted her, but then turned around and tried to secure bail using a ridiculous excuse like anemia. Keira was completely making a fool out of her! 
She took a deep breath and abruptly turned around, striding toward the interrogation room. 
Captain Lincoln followed beside her. “These rich second-generation people are all selfish. They commit all sorts of wrongdoing and find various excuses to avoid punishment. I carefully investigated the records, and it was clear that the only reason she attacked the man was to prevent him from asking her for money. Of course, it was indeed manslaughter, since no one would expect a steel bar to be lying on the ground! 
“I’ve strictly followed the rules by conducting an overnight interrogation so that she wouldn’t have time to think of an excuse. It’s only because she’s your classmate that you gave her a shortcut. Dr. Sims, both you and I know that the real rule-breaker here is you! You are too soft-hearted and haven’t been in this profession for long. Don’t let her deceive you. Who knows whether you’ll still be able to wear this uniform in the future?” 
Holly tensed her chin, sped up, and entered the interrogation room. 
Keira’s eyes had improved quite a bit by this time. Her hands were also released, and someone had poured her a cup of water. 
She took a sip just in time to moisten her dry lips right when Holly walked in with a stern expression. 
She asked, “Keira Olsen, you never really trusted me from the beginning, did you?” 
Keira was taken aback, “I do trust you.” 
“You do?” Holly Sims clenched her fists, “Then what is this bail you’re applying for? And you lied about having anemia. That’s something we can easily verify!” 
Only then did Keira realize it was time to get an iron infusion. 
That was something that Samuel always remembered for her, and she had almost forgotten about it. 
She lowered her eyes. “I really do have anemia.” 
“You’re still lying!” Holly was about to explode with anger. Suddenly, she grabbed Keira’s hand, took out a needle, pierced Keira’s finger, and collected some capillary blood. 
After doing all this, she didn’t forget to disinfect it with an alcohol sponge, then furiously let go of Keira’s hand. 
She stood upright, “I’m going for a check now, I hope you didn’t lie to me!!”
###Chapter 86 - 86: Anemia
Chapter 86: Anemia 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira hurriedly said, “I…” 
Before she could finish speaking, Holly had already turned around and left. 
Keira could only hear her speaking to Captain Lincoln outside the door. “Her condition isn’t very good. Even if we must interrogate her throughout the night, can we do it without using the light?” 
“Alright, out of respect for Dr. Sims.” 
Keira sighed quietly. 
Holly had vouched for her, saying that she wouldn’t be released on bail. Samuel immediately rebutted Holly, it was no wonder she was so angry. 
Never mind. 
She should be able to keep up with the demands that her condition put on her body for another two days. If Holly could find evidence to prove her innocence within those two days, perhaps she shouldn’t apply for bail after all. 
Upstairs. 
Holly entered the equipment room and placed the blood sample she had drawn from Keira’s finger into the machine. 
Now all she could do was wait for the machine to analyze the various elements 
in the blood. This would take twenty minutes. 
At this moment, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
The call was from a detention center. She picked up and heard a voice from the other side. “Dr. Sims, we heard you’re at the station and decided to give you a call. We have a patient here who isn’t feeling well. Could you come and take a 
look?” 
Holly immediately stood up. “I’ll be right there. 
Even though a forensic doctor and a medical doctor weren’t the same, she could still diagnose minor illnesses. 
She put on her coat and left. 
She soon arrived at the detention center. 
This place held suspects who hadn’t been tried by the court and some prisoners with sentences of less than three months. 
Keira had just been placed in a solitary cell here. 
Holly took a few steps forward and arrived at the cell door indicated by the guard who had called. She then put on a mask and gloves, stepped inside the cell, and coldly asked,”Who’s not feeling well?” 
“It’s me…” 
An unfamiliar yet familiar voice made Holly slightly frown. She turned her head and saw a middle-aged woman in a prison uniform, sitting there with her hands on her belly and an expression of pain on her face. “Doctor, my belly hurts so bad. Can you help me…” 
Holly was taken aback. 
Wasn’t this woman Poppy Hill, Keira’s mother? 
She had once attended a parents’ meeting for Keira in middle school! 
Holly immediately walked over and asked with concern, “Auntie, what’s the matter?” 
Poppy was suspected of perjury, but as the case wasn’t severe, she had been sentenced to fifteen days in detention. 
She grabbed Holly’s hand and said, “My belly hurts so badly… 
Holly immediately reached out to touch her belly, not daring to underestimate the situation. “Is it here? I’ll take you to the hospital! 
“Oh, don’t touch me! It hurts so much…” But Poppy looked around with a pained expression and said, “There’s no need to go to the hospital. I just have a cold. Officer, can you take me to a solitary cell? My moaning and groaning here is disturbing everyone’s rest…” 
Holly immediately nodded, “Okay.” 
Just as she was about to help Poppy out, someone else in the room suddenly yelled out, “Oh, my belly also hurts so bad. Officer, could you also take me to the solitary cell?” 
The rest of the inmates immediately laughed. 
“My belly hurts as well…” 
-Hey, but I’m different. I have a headache. Can I go to the single ward, too?” 
Holly was speechless. 
She frowned, about to say something, when someone looked over at Poppy and said, “We all eat the same food, but how come you’re the only one who got sick? 
It’s been five days inside, but you’ve been sick for four of them. Are you more delicate than the rest of us?” 
“How come in our ward, you’re in such pain, but the moment you get to a single cell, you’re fine and snoring away?” 
Holly frowned, realizing what was going on. Instantly, she looked at Poppy. Poppy’s face instantly turned stiff, and then she wailed in despair, “I really don’t feel well!” 
Holly clenched her jaw. ”1’11 take you to the hospital then. If the tests show that you’re okay and it’s all an act, I’m afraid you’ll have to stay here a few more 
days.” 
At these words, Poppy suddenly became nervous. 
She didn’t want to be locked up here at all. 
In here the cellmates either farted or picked their feet every night. They also slept in all kinds of crazy positions. On her first night, she couldn’t sleep at all due to the noise. 
So she thought of a solution. 
But wouldn’t it expose her if she went to the hospital? 
Poppy gave Holly a pleading smile. “I don’t need to go to the hospital. It’s just a minor illness. I can take it. I’ll live…” 
Holly knew it. “Aunt, are you faking it?” Poppy ran to her bed, lifted the blanket, and crawled in. “Hey, what kind of language is that for a little cop? How was I pretending? I just had a stomach ache, and now I’m better. What’s wrong with that? You won’t let me recover from an illness?” 
Holly was frustrated! 
The female prisoner next to her cursed, “You really have thick skin, you old rogue. You’re tricking people!” 
However, Poppy retorted, “What was that compared to my daughter? I’m nothing compared to her! That little slut cheated me so badly! She’ll die in misery!” 
Just thinking of Keira made Poppy grind her teeth in hatred. 
Who would have thought that the girl she tried to turn into a good-for-nothing was Dr. South?! 
Holly only found these words irritating. 
With her jaw set, she closed the jail door and quickly went upstairs. 
Soon, she had in her hands the latest blood test report. Upon seeing the data on it, her face darkened! 
The iron content was normal! 
Keira wasn’t anemic at all! 
Liar! 
In that instant, Holly trembled in anger. She went straight to the interrogation room downstairs and threw the blood report at Keira. “Keira, do you enjoy tricking me time and time again?!” 
Keira didn’t look at the test results. Instead, she sighed. “I’m not anemic now, but give it a few days.” 
She had wanted to say that earlier, but Holly left without even hearing her out. 
The anemia Keira experienced was strange. 
Each time her period came, a large amount of iron was lost, so iron supplements needed to be taken every month in advance. 
As long as she didn’t bleed on a regular day, her iron content was normal. After visiting many hospitals, she was finally diagnosed with a rare genetic disease. 
Holly clearly hadn’t heard of such a thing and found it laughable. “Do you think I’ll believe the crap you’re saying? Keira, can’t you at least come up with a better excuse when lying to me?!” 
Keira tried to explain weakly. “…I didn’t lie to you. 
“You didn’t lie to me? I’ve studied medicine for years and never came across a case like yours!” 
Keira clenched her jaw and fell silent. 
Her disease situation was indeed odd, and it was normal for Holly to be skeptical. 
Any further explanation would be pointless. 
Seeing that Keira had fallen silent, anger surged within Holly. 
Captain Lincoln by her side sighed. “Dr. Sims, she’s been like this all night, not saying a word. Let it go. I’ll have someone take her back to jail. Otherwise, our people will have to stay overnight, and we won’t get anything out of her anyway…” 
Before he’d even finished speaking, Holly yelled angrily, “You guys go! I’ll stay up with her! I want to see how many more preposterous lies she will tell!!” 
Captain Lincoln fell silent. 
He cleared his throat. “Alright, we’ll go get some sleep. If she confesses to anything, call us immediately.” 
After the group left, only Keira and Holly were left in the interrogation room. Holly sat across from her, staring at her. “Why did you lie? Why did you apply for bail? Is it because all those doubts you mentioned don’t exist at all? You’re just using me, hoping I’d testify that you’re not the murderer!” Keira said, “Don’t worry. I won’t agree to bail within the next two days.” 
After that, she would need treatment. 
Holly was taken aback, her eyes brimmed with tears. “Do you think saying that will make me forgive you?!” 
She turned away, wiping the corner of her eye. 
Keira didn’t speak anymore. 
The night had deepened. Whether it was the impending menstrual period or the lack of rest late at night, Keira felt a dull ache in her head and a mild pain in her lower abdomen. 
She stayed up all night like this. 
By the next morning, Keira began to feel increasingly dizzy… 
Damn it. 
Lack of rest accelerated her period, and she started to become anemic! Holly hadn’t slept all night, and her mind was in chaos. 
As dawn broke, she glared fiercely at Keira. Just as she was about to say something, she noticed Keira’s pale face, devoid of any color… 
Holly stood up abruptly, panic stricken.. “Keira, what’s wrong with you?!”
###Chapter 87 - 87: Lies
Chapter 87: Lies 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira felt a dull pain in her lower abdomen, but it was bearable. 
She grabbed Holly’s wrist and said, “I need to go to the bathroom.” 
“I’ll give you a hand.1‘ 
Holly supported Keira’s arm and guided her to the bathroom, quietly waiting outside. 
However, she couldn’t help but feel worried. 
She noticed how pale Keira’s face looked and her cold sweat. Could she really be anemic? 
Meanwhile, in the visitation room at the detention center. 
Poppy came over with a smile on her face and flattered her daughter. “Isla, how come you have time to see me?” 
After saying that, she added, “You shouldn’t have come. This isn’t a good place. It could bring bad luck.” 
Despite her avid enthusiasm, she only received a faint smile from Isla, followed by a hesitating gesture. 
Poppy immediately expressed her concern. “What’s wrong? You look so dreadful. Did something happen?” 
Her face darkened. “Is it Keira again? Did she disrespect you again?” 
Isla gave a bitter smile. “Yes, it’s about Keira, but she hasn’t been disrespectful She has gotten into trouble .” 
“Oh, that’s nothing,” Poppy scoffed. “With her devil-may-care disposition, it’s only a matter of time she gets herself into trouble. Who did she offend this time? Did she get a lesson?” 
A smirk of delight came over her face at the thought of Kiera’s misfortune. 
Isla was choked and found Poppy more and more foolish. 
She had always been like this, wearing everything on her sleeve, completely oblivious to the need to conceal her emotions. 
Isla couldn’t figure out how on earth Poppy had managed to swap her place with Keira. It had to be by some astounding stroke of luck. 
Isla cast her eyes down after a brief flicker in them. “It’s not that she offended someone. She… she committed murder and is now in police custody.” 
“What great news!” Poppy immediately brightened up. “Will that reprobate be sentenced to death? She won’t bother you anymore!” 
Isla was speechless. 
She glanced at Poppy with sympathy, then coughed slightly. “She killed Finley Hill.” 
“Why should I care who she… Who?! Isla, who did you say? Finley? Did I hear you wrong?!” 
Poppy lunged at the table, her emotional state drastically heightened. 
She only had one brother. Even though he used to mess things around, Poppy loved him dearly. 
Isla sighed. “Actually, you can’t really blame Keira. I heard that Finley demanded five million from her. When she refused, during the tug of war, Finley accidentally fell onto a steel bar and was pierced through the chest… He died on the spot. Aunt Hill, please don’t get over-excited. Keira is, after all, Dr. South and your daughter. She should indeed be very rich, but five million is still no small sum. It’s only normal for her to not want to give it.” 
Nonetheless, Poppy’s eyes bulged out, her eyeballs bloodshot. She stood up abruptly. “That ungrateful creature! She killed Finley over five million?! I shouldn’t have raised her up, I should have drowned her as soon as she was born! Where is she? I am gonna kill her! I’ll take revenge for Finley!! 
Her excessive emotional reaction prompted an immediate warning from a nearby police officer. 
After a while, Poppy calmed down a bit, but the fury in her eyes showed no sign of abating. 
Isla said, “Aunt Hill, the two involved are both your close relatives. I think you have the right to know, so I told you. Please don’t do anything rash.” 
Poppy appeared dazed, tears streaming down from her reddened eyes. She reassured Isla. “Don’t worry, Isla, I’m fine… I’m fine…” 
Only then did Isla speak, “Alright, you should go back. I…H1 go and see Keira…” 
“Why bother visiting her? A death-row inmate! I can’t wait to see her executed!” Poppy uttered venomously. 
Isla stared at her in disbelief, “Aunt Hill, Keira is charged with manslaughter. The maximum sentence is ten years…” 
“How could that be?! That’s letting her off too easily!” 
Seeing how Poppy completely missed the point of her statement, Isla sighed. “Aunt Hill, Keira didn’t do it on purpose, and she must be scared as well. If you happen to see her in the detention center, remember to comfort her.” 
Poppy finally processed what she had heard. 
“She’s also held here?!” 
Isla nodded. “Yes, she hasn’t been sentenced yet, so she’s temporarily detained in a single room. It should be close to where you are, right?” 
The multi-bed wards and single rooms were all in one place. 
Poppy narrowed her eyes, revealing a ferocious look. “That’s good.” 
Isla stood up. “Aunt Hill, it’s about time. I need to go.” 
Poppy was reluctant to see her leave.” Isla, you should marry Jake and settle down with the Horton family happily. Take care of yourself, and don’t concern yourself with me…” 
But Isla had already left the visiting room, completely disregarding her words. 
She left the visiting room and was preparing to leave the police station when she saw her old classmate Holly anxiously standing near the restroom door. 
A policewoman nearby asked, “Dr. Sims, the lawyer of the suspect, Keira, came early in the morning again, asking about our decision on her pre-trial release due to medical reasons. Judging by the suspect’s looks just now, she seems to be really anemic. So, is it approved or not?” 
Holly frowned upon hearing this. 
She anxiously looked into the restroom and remembered Keira’s frailty. She was about to say “I agree” when Captain Lincoln walked over. 
Captain Lincoln had also heard the conversation, so he frowned at once. “Already pretending to be ill?” 
Holly retorted. “She’s not pretending.” 
Captain Lincoln snorted coldly. “Dr. Sims, have you forgotten how she fooled you yesterday? You believe this? I remember you made an oath last night that if she gets a pre-trial release, you would quit the police force. You didn’t forget that, did you?” 
Holly clenched her jaw. “Captain Lincoln, she really isn’t feeling well…” 
But Captain Lincoln wasn’t convinced. “Very interesting. She’s been detained for just one day, and she’s already not feeling well. The delicate little miss can’t take a bit of suffering huh…” 
As Holly was about to reply, Isla stepped forward. “Hello, are you discussing my sister Keira?” 
They all looked at her. 
Holly frowned slightly. “What are you doing here?” 
Isla looked somewhat anxious as she pulled Holly aside, “Dr. Sims, about my sister’s health…” 
Holly immediately took on a serious expression. She knew that Isla was Keira’s sister. In middle school, after Isla found out about their real identity, she started to behave smarter and stopped bullying Keira in school. 
Hence, Holly wasn’t aware of the bad relationship between the two sisters. She moved aside with Isla and asked with concern, “What’s wrong with Keira?” 
Isla sighed. “She probably got her period. Every month during this time, she suffers, and it’s natural for women. You understand.” 
Holly immediately relaxed. 
As long as Keira wasn’t ill. 
Right afterward, Isla grabbed her hand. “Holly, we were classmates back in middle school. Can you help Keira? Agree to her pretrial release, will you?” 
Holly’s face suddenly darkened. 
Isla didn’t seem to notice but continued. “We women all go through this every month. We look pale and anemic. We’re all old classmates. Let’s sign the papers. We promise not to leave…” 
Holly abruptly pulled her hand away. “You’re dreaming! This is a law enforcement agency! You can’t negotiate prices here!” 
She looked at the restroom forcefully then at Captain Lincoln. “She doesn’t qualify for pre-trial release. Send her straight back to the detention center!” 
Only then did Captain Lincoln look satisfied. “Good. You understand.” 
Holly didn’t want to stay any longer and immediately walked away, up the stairs toward the forensic department. 
When Keira emerged from the washroom, looking pale, there was a policewoman waiting for her. As soon as she saw Keira, she scoffed. “Miss Olsen, is it just your period? We’re all women here. Stop the act! Get back and wait for the next trial!” 
Keira’s legs seemed weak as she was hurried back to the single-person cell. 
The moment she entered, everything before her eyes turned black as she collapsed… 
Upstairs, Holly was getting more and more frustrated. 
But she still couldn’t get over the image of Keira’s pale, bloodless face from her mind… 
Unable to suppress her kindness, she poured a cup of honey water from her flask and walked to the detention center..
###Chapter 88 - 88: He’s Here
Chapter 88: He’s Here 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
“Keira Olsen, wake up. What’s wrong with you?” 
The policewoman noticed Keira’s condition and nudged her. 
Dazed, Keira opened her eyes. 
The usually strong-willed woman was trembling from weakness. “Please help me to the bed.” 
“Alright.” 
The policewoman quickly assisted her to the bed and asked, “How do you feel now?” 
Keira was in poor condition, and she wouldn’t pretend even for Holly’s sake. She said, “I’m anemic. Get Holly Sims to do another blood test. It should show up now.” 
At her words, the policewoman frowned, scrutinizing Keira. “Dr. Sims was angry. She probably won’t come again.” 
Keira pursed her lips. “Then you can draw my blood and send it for testing.” The policewoman said, “Fine, I’ll get someone from the forensic department.” Having said that, she left the cell. 
As she was leaving, she was suddenly stopped by Poppy Hill, “Excuse me Officer.” 
The policewoman turned to her, “What is it?” 
Poppy pointed to the ward where Keira was. “That’s my daughter. Is she unwell? Can I go look after her?” 
The policewoman was taken aback. “She’s your daughter?” 
Were mothers and daughters sharing prison cells these days? 
Poppy nodded, “Yes, yes, that’s my daughter. You can check our relationship.” The policewoman took out her phone, logged into the system, and verified their identities. They were indeed mother and daughter. 
The policewoman thought for a moment, recalling Keira’s condition, and said “Alright.” 
Keira, lying on the single bed, had just closed her eyes when the door was opened again. 
Did the forensic doctor come so soon? 
She barely lifted her eyelids to see a figure walking in, followed by a chilling voice, “Keira, don’t be afraid. Mom is here…” 
Keira stiffened. 
Perhaps due to her weakness, memories of when she was five years old flooded into her head. 
At such a young age, without enough warm clothes in winter, she often caught colds. 
Every time she got sick, Poppy would lock her away, not letting her go outside Whenever Mrs. Olsen found out, she would always come to see her and give her medication. 
But the moment Mrs. Olsen left, Poppy would rush over to her, grab her throat, and force her to throw up the medicine she had just taken. 
While beating the defenseless five-year-old child, she furiously berated her in her ear. “You don’t deserve medicine! Just live with your fever! Why don’t you die? 
“You deserve this, bitch! Aren’t you mighty? How dare you touch Isla? You’ve hit her several times, and you dared to defy me, throwing me into this jail. I’ll choke you…” 
The malicious voice from her memory overlapped with the real-time murmur from the woman, causing Keira to instinctively huddle, just like when she was a child, wishing she could reduce herself to as small as possible to fend off the outside pressure. 
It was like she was back to being a five-year-old in that cold dark basement. 
The room was dimly lit. 
She was suffering from extreme dizziness caused by anemia, which made her unable to distinguish between reality and memory, with pleas for mercy from her dreams escaping her lips. 
As a five-year-old, she pleaded in a soft whisper. “Mom, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have gotten sick. Please stop hitting me.” 
But sharp pain still coursed through her body. 
The woman in front of her still pinched her arms, abdomen, and thighs mercilessly. 
Keira pressed her lips together tightly. 
By age seven, she understood that pleading was useless, and she could only endure. 
The pain persisted. 
The curses were unabated. “Die! Die! You killed my brother! You’ll pay with your life!” 
When Keira was nine years old, she learned to resist, even trying to push away the woman forcefully, but she wasn’t strong enough, and it only brought more vicious beatings. 
Then there was the toleration at ten years old, eleven years old, twelve years old… 
Until she was thirteen and had moved onto high school. 
Although she was still lean, she had surpassed Poppy’s height. She pushed the woman away, saying, “Since you despise me as your daughter, I’m leaving.” She packed a few worn-out clothes and without hesitation, left the Olsen family… 
There was no home for her in the world, but the outside was vast and boundless. Everywhere but the Olsen family could be her home. 
She grew up, and she could protect herself! 
Keira abruptly opened her eyes, waking up from her nightmare!! 
She looked sharply at Poppy, who was right in front of her. 
Poppy, who was currently pinching her waist, faltered and immediately reached for Keira’s throat, “Bitch, what are you looking at? You should die! You have to pay for killing my brother!” 
Exhausting all her strength, Keira grabbed Poppy’s wrist and forcefully pushed her away! 
Poppy retreated two steps, falling hard onto the ground. Just as she was about to charge again, a voice came from the doorway, “What are you two doing?!” Poppy turned around to see Holly, wide-eyed, standing at the door. She then unhurriedly entered the room. 
Her gaze swept across Poppy and Keira, confused. 
Was she hallucinating? Were these two women fighting? 
Didn’t they claim to be mother and daughter? 
Keira had exhausted all her strength. She was sprawled out on the bed again without the energy to even move a finger. 
She whispered, “You’re just in time. I’m anemic…even if you don’t release me on bail, you must immediately take me for intravenous infusion, and give me iron supplements…” 
Before Holly could speak, Poppy sat down on the floor. “You’re anemic? With the strength you’ve shown? You pushed me! I say you’re faking it! You fought in here, and you’ll be punished!” 
Holly, who just entered, had seen Keira open her eyes and push Poppy away. 
The ruthlessness in Keira’s eyes made Holly feel as if she didn’t know her anymore. 
Remembering Isla’s words, she clenched her fists and declared, “Keira, I won’t be deceived by you this time!” 
She turned and called over the prison guard, “They were fighting. Immediately take them to solitary confinement!!” 
At the entrance of the police station. 
The lawyer received the news that bail had been denied, and he said helplessly “Mr. Horton, if we want to appeal, we would have to wait until tomorrow.” 
Lewis frowned at this, looking at Samuel. 
Samuel said, “We can wait another day, but the day after is definitely the last chance…” 
Lewis nodded, clearly feeling unsettled. 
Just then, the policewoman who was just inside came over and said to Captain Lincoln, “Captain Lincoln, I think Keira looks really unwell. Women do tend to get anemic during their period. Should we check again?” 
Hearing this, Samuel, who was about to leave stopped in his tracks, turning panicked, “Did Keira’s cycle start? We’re doomed, doomed…” 
Lewis’s expression darkened. “What’s wrong?” 
Samuel was pacing anxiously. “If Keira doesn’t get her iron supplements on time, she must have severe anemia now! But what do we do now without bail?” 
“What do we do?” 
Without hesitation, Lewis turned and rushed towards the holding area!!
###Chapter 89 - 89: Overbearing
Chapter 89: Overbearing 
Translator: Henyee Translations 1 Editor: Henyee Translations 
Samuel was stunned. 
When he regained his senses, he hurried to Lewis’s side. “Mr. Horton, are you planning on… breaking in?” 
Without saying a word, Lewis walked straight from the lobby to the detention center at the back, answering with his actions. 
Samuel said, “You are quite bold! Surely, this isn’t acceptable?” Without pausing, Lewis asked coldly, “What else can I do? Can your boss wait until tomorrow?” 
“Definitely not!” 
Samuel followed him. “She can’t last until tomorrow. There was this time when iron wasn’t administered in time, and she fell into shock. We barely managed to resuscitate her…” 
Having said that, he got anxious and added angrily, “Her illness is indeed strange. Anyone else would think we’re lying to them. We can’t wait any longer! For her, let’s risk it!” 
As he spoke to himself, Lewis had already rushed toward the detention center. The prison guards blocked the entrance. “This is a prison. Unauthorized personnel are not allowed in! Please leave immediately. 
Lewis ignored them and made his way inside. 
Having sensed something was wrong from the entrance, Captain Lincoln followed them and drew his gun at Lewis. “Mr. Horton, stop immediately, or I’ll shoot!” 
Lewis turned around and glanced at him, his expression calm. 
Samuel was trembling with fear. Looking at the dark entrance, he felt his legs shaking. 
It was so terrifying! 
Seeing the two of them halt, Captain Lincoln breathed a sigh of relief. 
He knew Lewis’s position. The person in charge of the Horton family couldn’t be arrested so lightly. He asked, “Mr. Horton, what brings you here?” Just as Samuel was about to say that he was here for Keira, Lewis stopped him. 
-I was looking for the bathroom, but I ended up here by mistake.” 
Samuel was dumbfounded. 
He looked at Lewis in shock, his heart sinking. 
Indeed, the marriage of Keira and Lewis was like a joke. Faced with a gun, it made sense that Lewis didn’t want to risk his life. 
But Samuel couldn’t abandon his boss. 
As Lewis turned and began to walk away, Samuel stayed where he was. Captain Lincoln frowned at him. “Mr. Morgan, aren’t you leaving with him?” Samuel was terrified, but he took a deep breath. I m not… 
Before he could finish saying “going,” disaster struck! 
Lewis, who was standing next to Captain Lincoln, suddenly took action. He quickly moved to the captain, grasping the latter’s trigger hand. The captain’s hand went limp involuntarily, and the gun ended up in Lewis’s hand. 
Captain Lincoln tried to strike back and reclaim his gun, but the next moment, he suddenly felt an icy sensation on his forehead. 
Lewis was pointing the gun at him. 
Captain Lincoln was shocked. 
He was completely dumbfounded! 
When dealing with vicious criminals, he would never make such a mistake, but Lewis and Samuel were notable businessmen from Oceanion. They were the type who were always accompanied by bodyguards when they were out. 
He never expected that Lewis would attack a police officer! 
Samuel was also stunned, watching Lewis in a daze. 
He was thinking that at worst, he could lie on the ground and refuse to move, forcing these people to draw blood from Keira! 
But he didn’t expect Lewis to resort to this! 
This was against the law! 
“Mr. Horton, if you put down the gun now, I won’t hold you responsible.” Captain Lincoln held up both hands. He was experienced and remained calm. Lewis’s voice said, “Sorry, but I’m desperate to save someone.” Without waiting for Captain Lincoln to respond, he commanded those in front of him. “Get out of the way!” 
The few individuals at the entrance of the detention center didn’t dare to stop him and hastily moved out of the way. 
Holding Captain Lincoln hostage, Lewis walked straight inside. 
Samuel, agape, followed behind him. 
He didn’t know whether to laugh or cry; he felt like he had been forced to participate in a criminal act! 
Now, if he said he wasn’t an accomplice, these police officers certainly wouldn’t believe him! 
Meanwhile, Keira was still lying on her threadbare bed. She looked at the two officers entering her cell. They were there to take her and Poppy to solitary confinement. She turned to Holly to explain once again. “I really am anemic.” Indeed, she looked pale. 
Holly hesitated once more. 
At that point, Poppy collapsed onto the floor. “I’m the same. Oh my, I’m so dizzy… I’m about to die… Help me!” 
Holly really couldn’t tell who was faking it anymore. 
Poppy’s performance was very convincing. 
Keira didn’t seem to be pretending either… 
As she hesitated, footsteps and startled exclamations from the other officers rang out outside the door! 
Holly promptly turned her head, only to see Lewis holding Captain Lincoln hostage as he walked in. 
His gaze quickly locked onto the jail cell where Keira was held. His eyes pierced through the iron bars and fixated on Keira herself. 
Her face was as pale as a sheet, and she lay weakly on the bed, seemingly without the strength to even lift a finger… 
Lewis’s pupils constricted. 
She always bravely stood tall, regardless of the circumstances. 
She never bowed her head. 
Yet now, she couldn’t even sit up due to her frailty! 
Concerned, he said furiously, “You’re abusing a suspect! I’ll hold you responsible for this!” 
Holly retorted, “We didn’t! They fought with each other. Everything we’ve done is according to regulations!” 
Samuel, following Lewis, saw how frail Keira was, and his eyes welled up with tears. “Boss, we’re here to help you!” 
He glared at Holly. “My boss is on her deathbed, and you still want to punish her? Do you even have humanity left?” 
Captain Lincoln scoffed. “I’ve never heard of a woman dying from her period. If you’re pretending to be ill, at least choose another disease to fake!” Holly took a deep breath, agonizing for them. She looked at Keira. “Keira Olsen, there’s no use running if you committed the murder! If you didn’t kill the person, we’ll restore your innocence! Even if you don’t trust us, you should trust these officers! Why make such a fuss?” 
She continued earnestly. “Mr. Horton, please back down. I’ll plead on your behalf, and Captain Lincoln won’t pursue your responsibilities, but if you really break out of prison, the consequences will be unimaginable! Keira, stop pretending to be ill!” 
Keira gave a bitter smile. “Holly, you keep saying 1 don’t trust you. But what about you? Do you trust me?” 
Holly was taken aback. 
Keira says, “You don’t.” 
But Holly’s eyes went red. “Why don’t I trust you? It’s because you continuously deceived me! It happened years ago, and it’s happening again now! Haven’t you tricked me enough?” 
Keira didn’t speak anymore. 
Lewis, still holding Captain Lincoln hostage, entered the infirmary. “Can you walk? Let’s leave.” 
“I can.” 
Keira, trembling, tried to get up from the bed but found that she just couldn’t muster the strength. 
Lewis immediately looked at Samuel. “Come over here. 
Samuel walked to his side. 
“Do you know how to use a gun?” 
”.. Yes.” 
Lewis kept the gun pointing at Captain Lincoln while handing it to Samuel, who took over as Captain Lincoln’s captor. 
Samuel was dumbfounded. 
As he marveled, he saw Lewis walk to the bed, bend over, and picked up Keira. Immediately after, he turned around without hesitation and left. Samuel, dragging Captain Lincoln with him, followed closely behind. Holly and the rest of the officers immediately trailed after them. The large group created a commotion as they arrived at the hospital. At this point, Keira was unconscious, and the doctor took her blood for an urgent test. 
Holly immediately followed the doctor and instructed the other officers, “I’ll watch the whole process to prevent them from bribing the doctor to tamper with the blood test report!” 
With so many officers surrounding the hospital, all doctors were very nervous. So, the urgent blood test results came out in ten minutes. 
Holly immediately snatched it and looked at the numbers..
###Chapter 90 - 90: Daughter
Chapter 90: Daughter 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The rest of the blood report was normal, but the iron level had dropped drastically to a terrifyingly low level! 
Holly had never seen such poor data in a living person before. 
With the report in her hand, she walked numbly back to the ward. 
The atmosphere was tense. 
Many police surrounded the ward, and Samuel held onto Captain Lincoln without letting go. 
On their way here, Captain Lincoln had tried countless times to escape from Samuel’s hold, but this unreliable-looking guy didn’t give him an opportunity. 
Seeing Holly approaching, Captain Lincoln said, “Samuel Morgan, the medical report is out. If you continue to hold me hostage, you’ll no longer be forgiven. Our snipers are ready. As soon as it’s confirmed that the suspect isn’t sick, they can immediately kill you all! I advise you to put down your gun and surrender right now!” 
Samuel scolded him, “Quit pretending!” 
Captain Lincoln was furious. “Dr. Sims, since these people are stubborn, tell everyone what the medical results are! So, these people can stop pretending! Can anemia really cause death?” 
Everyone immediately looked at Holly. 
She tightened her jaw and said solemnly, “Keira’s iron levels are abnormal, and her life is in danger! Captain Lincoln, we made a mistake.” 
Captain Lincoln was stunned. “What?” 
Holly stepped forward and showed the report to Captain Lincoln. “The normal level of iron in a female’s blood is 7.8-32.2|jmol/L. However, Keira’s iron level is just 1, which means she has a severe iron deficiency, and her life is in danger!” 
Captain Lincoln was dumbfounded. 
Then, a reprimanding voice suddenly drowned in. 
“What’s going on? Shouldn’t she get a drip yesterday? Why is she only getting iron infusion now?” 
Everyone turned to look, and a gentle-looking man around thirty with gold-rimmed glasses walked toward them. 
He was wearing a white lab coat and looked at Samuel with a grim face. “She can’t remember the time, but did you forget it too?” 
Feeling guilty when scolded, Samuel looked at Holly. “It’s all because of this forensic doctor. She kept insisting that Keira was fine, even after Keira fainted!” 
With growing anger, he said, “Do you need a person to die before agreeing that there is something wrong?” 
Being reproved, Holly clenched her fists, so embarrassed that she wished she could crawl into a hole. 
She looked into the ward. 
Keira was getting the drip. Her face was pale, and she looked lifeless. 
Holly felt like crying. 
Why didn’t she trust Keira? 
She slapped herself out of anger, with tears welling up in her stubborn eyes. “It was my fault.” 
Samuel didn’t know what to say. 
He hadn’t expected his words to bring the young woman to tears, which also stopped him from saying any more hurtful words. He then turned to Captain Lincoln. “Isn’t it because you have a stereotype against rich kids? Just because some rich kids got away in past cases, does that mean all rich kids are bad people? Let me tell you this: because we are rich, we haven’t encountered any trouble since we were little, so we have even more principles when doing things!” 
Captain Lincoln’s mouth twitched. 
Samuel felt it was not enough. Along the way, he had been sacred of Captain Lincoln snatching the gun. If that happened, he would fail to save his boss, and they would also be in danger of being thrown in jail. 
Therefore, he raised his voice even more. “If you hadn’t refused to let her go, would we have done this? We are all lawful citizens! 
“You still want to use snipers on us now? Here! Aim at me!” 
He handed the gun back to Captain Lincoln, pointing at his own chest, saying, “Kill me with one shot! Go ahead! Shoot! If my boss dies because of you, I don’t want to live either!” 
Captain Lincoln didn’t know what to say. 
The officers around them were all dumbfounded. 
Looking at the gun in his hand, Captain Lincoln glanced at the situation in the ward, still somewhat puzzled. “But how could someone be so severely anemic?” 
The police officer following him was also confused. “Yes, her blood report was normal just yesterday, and today she suddenly got worse. In games, health bars drop gradually. Why did her health suddenly plummet, just like a character with a tiny health bar?” 
Samuel couldn’t believe what he heard. 
He twitched his mouth and was about to reprimand the two when Holly spoke. “What disease does she have?” 
Her voice was full of worry, and Samuel felt bad about scolding them. 
Upon hearing that, Matthew, the doctor, frowned, “Didn’t I tell you already? She has genetic iron-deficiency anemia. It’s a rare condition. Her body doesn’t absorb any iron. She has to solely rely on drips.” 
Holly anxiously asked, “How could she have such a condition? I haven’t heard about it before!” 
Matthew adjusted his glasses, and his nice-looking eyes were piercing behind the lenses. He calmly said, “Have you heard of all the diseases in the world? Even if you don’t believe it, when she became ill, didn’t she have all sorts of symptoms? You didn’t notice?” 
Holly lowered her head. “I’m sorry.” 
Matthew said, “What use is your apology to me? You should apologize to the person inside.” 
Holly tightened her jaw and looked into the ward, but she didn’t dare to go in. 
She hesitated for a long time and finally just stood outside. 
Matthew had already entered the ward. 
As soon as he entered, he saw Lewis standing next to the bed. 
Lewis slowly turned his head. Their eyes met, and none of them spoke for a while. 
Lewis’s deep gaze scanned Matthew, and he soon noticed the latter’s special feeling toward Keira. 
He asked with a displeased tone, “And you are?” 
“Her attending doctor.” 
After Matthew said this, he added, “And also her godbrother.” 
Lewis’s pupils abruptly contracted. 
After a while, he stood up, and extended his hand to Matthew with a smirk on his face. “Hello, Godbrother.” 
Matthew frowned, “I’m her godbrother.” 
“And mine as well,” Lewis said in a light tone, but his presence was overwhelming. “We’re husband and wife, after all.” 
“Husband and wife?!” 
Matthew stiffened suddenly. 
“She didn’t tell you? Then I apologize to you on her behalf,” Lewis said in a deep voice. 
Matthew was shocked. 
Keira felt that she had slept for a very long time. In her dream, she became younger, returning to the way she was when she was three years old. 
She was looking out of a basement window, watching Isla running around outside in a beautiful dress, while Mrs. Olsen gently wiped off Isla’s sweat. 
Suddenly, the door creaked open. 
Poppy walked in. 
Keira shivered. 
Poppy’s vicious eyes landed on her. Following Keira’s gaze, she saw the scene outside and walked over, grabbed Keira’s hair, and brutally pushed her head into a basin of water next to her. 
Keira heard Poppy’s voice in and out of the water as if it was coming from a far-off distance…. 
“What are you looking at? 
“My daughter should live like a princess, and you’re only fit for a sewer! You belong in the drainage!”
###Chapter 91 - 91: Conversation
Chapter 91: Conversation 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira shook her head, struggling. 
She didn’t want to rot there forever! 
She didn’t want to live in the filthy ditch either! 
So, with the little time she had, she studied hard, striving to work her way up. She was determined to change her own fate! 
At the age of four, she had never been to kindergarten. She secretly observed Isla, learning a foreign language. When Isla stumbled over a word, Keira was quick to respond. She thought she would receive praise from her mother. However, she never ever expected that what was about to occur was almost a complete disaster! 
Poppy praised her and unexpectedly, gave her a piece of cake. 
The sweet and rich cream in her mouth gave her a sense of satisfaction. She was reluctant to swallow it. 
She thought her life was going to change. Poppy held her hand with a smile and took her out, only to hand her over to a human trafficker. 
She didn’t cry or make a fuss. After all, the human traffickers at least gave her tasty candy, showed her kindness, and smiled at her. 
Until they locked her in a basement with a bunch of other children. 
There, she met an older boy. 
They spent a month together, having a good time… 
In the beginning, the boy didn’t talk much. Later, he asked her, “Don’t you want to escape?” 
She said happily, “I don’t.” 
Although there was no freedom, she got enough to eat, had warm clothes, and didn’t have to see her mother. She felt that was the happiest time in her life. 
The boy was puzzled and asked, “Why?” 
She said, “Because no one hits me here.” 
The boy pondered her words before asking, “What’s your name?” 
She shook her head. 
It was a laughing matter. She, at the age of four, still didn’t have a name and didn’t have a household registration number… 
All the other children would cry and make a fuss, while she smiled every day. The human trafficker was the least guarded against her. So in the end, the boy handed her a bag of sleeping drugs to put in the trafficker’s food. 
She did it. 
As the children were running haphazardly away, she just stood there. 
The boy asked her, “Why don’t you leave?” 
She shook her head. “I don’t know where to go.” 
“Then, come home with me.” 
The boy extended a hand toward her, and she took his hand. 
She didn’t go home with him in the end. Because they were so young, they were rescued by the police as soon as they descended the mountain. Her identity was confirmed, and she was sent back to the Olsen family. 
Before parting, she held onto the boy’s leg and asked him in confusion, “Didn’t you say you would take me home?” 
A police officer beside them chuckled. “Little girl, you aren’t his kin. You can’t go to his home.” 
She had tears in her eyes. “But I don’t want to go home! I want to be with him forever!” 
The boy stroked her head and asked her, “Is it because you’ll be beaten when you go home?” 
The police officer didn’t take note of this. After all, children of their age often made a big fuss at home, and getting spanked was just a part of life. 
However, the boy took her seriously and said, ‘Wait for me. When we grow up, I’ll come and marry you, and take you to my home.” 
Keira woke up abruptly. 
The scenes from her dream passed by like a fast-forwarded slideshow, leaving her momentarily confused about what was real and what was a dream… 
She didn’t know about others, but she remembered clearly everything that happened when she was four. 
She remembered that the boy gave her a nickname, Eleven, because she was the eleventh child who was trafficked there. 
She remembered the taste of chocolate. 
She remembered the sunlight pouring into the dark basement, and the dust dancing in the light. 
That was the happiest time when she was a kid. 
And this year, she turned 22, yet, that boy still hasn’t come to marry her. 
A bitter smile emerged on Keira’s face. 
It wasn’t that she was really fond of him. A four-year-old child knew nothing about love, but his existence was the pillar that supported her through countless episodes of abuse and assault. 
For other children, their light was Ultraman. 
Her Ultraman was that boy… 
Unfortunately, the boy was only a kid. He must have long forgotten about her. 
Keira blinked and finally realized the strange atmosphere in the room. 
She turned her head and saw Lewis sitting next to her, asking, “Do you want some water?” 
Before Keira could react, Matthew’s voice came from the other side. “Irrelevant people should leave now. I have to examine the patient.” 
He picked up the stethoscope and came to the bedside, looking at Lewis. 
Lewis’s face was gloomy. “I’m not an irrelevant person.” 
Matthew continued. “Apart from the patient and the doctor, everyone else is irrelevant. Moreover, I have to examine the patient, which requires removing her clothes. It’s not appropriate for you to be here.” 
Lewis frowned, “It’s appropriate for you to do it?” 
Matthew walked to Keira and lifted her blouse. “I’m a doctor. In my eyes, there is no distinction of gender.” 
Lewis wanted to say something more, but when he saw the segment of her slender waist beneath her blouse, he blushed and immediately left the room. 
After leaving the room, Tom, who was waiting outside, subconsciously peeked inside. 
Lewis immediately blocked the doorway, shut the door, and scolded, “What are you looking at?” 
Tom was perplexed. 
He cleared his throat and said, “Boss, Miss Olsen’s name is a trending topic.” 
Then he handed over his mobile phone. 
Lewis took it and saw the top trends showing a journalist conducting an interview. 
The interviewee was Finley Hill’s son, Connor Hill, who was wearing his school uniform, his face characteristically filled with discomfort and caution. 
The journalist enquired, “About your father’s murder case, what do you have to say?” 
Connor seemed somewhat not used to face the camera, so he faltered. “My cousin…she didn’t do it intentionally. It was an accident…” 
“Your father was a gambler. Didn’t you hate him too?” 
Connor hesitated for a moment. “Sometimes yes, but there’s nothing much to do about it. You can’t change who you are born to, but I would like to say one thing for my cousin. Over the years, my father has been constantly going to her for money, and what happened was indeed manslaughter. I’m ready to issue a letter of understanding for my cousin, and hope that the police will deal with her leniently.” 
This interview was initially unremarkable, but after these words, someone in the crowd shouted, “Did you know that your good cousin has been released on bail for a ridiculous reason? Anemia is said to have affected her health! Is she going to evade the crime?” 
With these words, the whole news suddenly heated up. 
Hashtags such as #SecondGenerationRichEligibleForBail#, #RichBratGetsAwayWithMurder#, and #MoneyBuysInnocenceForTheRich# immediately went onto the trending list. 
Everyone questioned Keira’s eligibility for bail. 
At a glance, it was clear someone was behind this and paid for the top trends. 
Lewis’s face darkened. “Go find out who paid for it.” 
“Yes.” 
After that, Tom surveyed the surroundings. “I just discovered that some reporters have sneaked in.” 
Lewis’s face suddenly turned cold. “Find some people and secure the area.” 
Keira was physically weak and shouldn’t be disturbed now. 
Inside the ward. 
When Lewis left the room, Matthew put the stethoscope aside and sat next to Keira. 
Keira asked, “Matthew, why are you teasing him?” 
Matthew sneered. “You didn’t even tell me you got married. Am I still your brother?” 
Keira said indifferently, “I didn’t want to disturb you.” 
Matthew seemed to perceive something and changed the topic. “What dream did you just have? You kept calling someone ‘Brother’…” 
Keira smiled. “I dreamt of when I was three or four years old…” 
If it weren’t for this, she wouldn’t have felt anything, but bringing it up like this, she suddenly remembered the conversation in the dream….
###Chapter 92 - 92: Mother
Chapter 92: Mother 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Apart from being abducted by traffickers at the age of four, she also remembered being beaten at three. 
In reality, most children at the age of three should have little memory. She vaguely remembered being beaten at that age, but perhaps the memory was too profound that in her dreams, she could clearly hear Poppy’s scolding. 
“Listen, my daughter should be living a life of luxury, and you, you only deserve to live forever in this filthy gutter, in the stinking sewer!!” 
Keira smiled bitterly. 
She didn’t expect to have such a dream after so long. 
Perhaps dreams revealed one’s thoughts. She often dreamed of being Isla and Mrs. Olsen being her mother… 
Matthew asked, “What about when you were three or four?” 
“Nothing.” 
Keira didn’t want to talk about the past. 
Her condition was peculiar. After iron was introduced into her system, all symptoms of anemia gradually disappeared, and she was fully revitalized. 
However, she still needed to store more iron, so she had to stay on an IV for a couple more days. Taking in too much in one day could overwhelm her body. 
She picked up her phone and found a message on her Twitter. 
Her Twitter username was “Ms. S”, and she was fairly well known in the reporter circle. 
The person who sent her the message was named Josh, who had been following her for over two years. 
Josh wrote, “Ms. S, I won’t back down this time! I want to be like you, fearless in the face of authority, and brave enough to expose the truth to the public! If you can see this message, I hope you can give me your blessing.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
As she was puzzling over it, there was a knock at her door. 
Holly walked in with Connor Hill. 
Connor kept his head down, looking as timid as ever. 
When he entered the ward, he first glanced at Keira and then immediately lowered his head again. “Hello, Keira…” 
Keira wasn’t close to the Hill family members, and Finley Hill had only sought her out for money over the years. This cousin of hers was quiet and studious. He managed to earn a spot at the prestigious Oceanion University through sheer effort. 
She was still courteous toward him, “What’s up?” 
Connor then spoke, “I, I came to deliver a letter of forgiveness.” 
Keira was taken aback. 
Connor then looked at Captain Lincoln, who had come in with him, his eyes teary. “I consulted with a lawyer. By submitting a letter of forgiveness, even if you’re sentenced, it can be reduced to within ten years.” 
He bowed his head. “Keira, I was terrified when I called the police… I didn’t mean to … My father wasn’t a good person. He got what he deserved … It was my fault that you ended up behind bars …” 
Captain Lincoln frowned. “Even if he was a bad person, he should have been punished by the law, not dealt with privately by you.” 
Connor’s eyes were bloodshot, and he growled, “I did report him! When he was gambling, I called the police, but after you arrested him, he was only detained for a month, and then released. He continued to gamble. We lost our house, my mom ran off with someone else, and I had no place to live… I had no choice but to work my hardest. He even took my scholarship money! Even his own son was treated like this, let alone his niece! You don’t understand our suffering, so don’t stand on your high moral ground and judge us!” 
He tried to wipe away the tears. “I know I shouldn’t say this, but when I saw he was dead, I was confused, but now I only feel relieved!” 
After saying this, he covered his face and squatted down slowly. “I’m such a jerk. My dad’s dead, and I can finally breathe. Even though I have to repay his debt of five million, I see hope…You wouldn’t understand. When he was alive, he was greedy like a bottomless pit.” 
His sobs choked his words. 
Captain Lincoln stiffened but remained silent. 
The only sound in the room was Connor’s stifling sobs. 
Keira said nothing. 
Others might think she had lived a comfortable life, but the truth was, her life hadn’t been any better than Connor’s. 
At least Finley Hill had never starved Connor. 
After a while, Connor finally stopped crying, wiped his tears, and stood up. “I’m sorry. I, I lost my composure.” 
“It’s ok,” Captain Lincoln patted his shoulder. “We understand.” 
Keira then slowly said, “Thank you for your letter of forgiveness, but… I don’t need it. As I said, I’m not the killer.” 
Connor was stunned as if he didn’t understand, “Keira, I, I asked about this. If you plead guilty and show remorse, you’ll at most be sentenced to three years, but if you insist on being innocent, you might be sentenced to over ten years…” 
“I know. 
“But I didn’t kill him. If I didn’t kill them, I can’t admit to anything,” said Keira flatly. 
Connor didn’t say anything. After a moment, he turned toward Captain Lincoln to ask a stupid question. “As my father’s son, can I choose not to pursue this matter?” 
Captain Lincoln said, “This is a criminal case. Even if you don’t pursue it, we still will.” 
Connor tightened his jaw and looked at Keira. “Then I can’t help you.” 
Keira shook her head. “That’s alright.” 
Again, Connor lowered his head. “Keira, get some rest. I… I have to leave now…” 
“Okay.” 
Connor took two steps away and suddenly turned to Captain Lincoln. “Captain Lincoln, about the money that was found at the scene, could you give it to me now? I borrowed it from my classmates…” 
The money was scattered on the ground, and some of it was stained with blood, so it was used as evidence and kept at the police station. 
Captain Lincoln shook his head. “The police department has its rules. It’s evidence, and we can’t give it to you for now. Only after we have confirmed that there are no clues can it be returned to you.” 
Connor then hung his head. “But that’s next month’s living expenses of my dorm mates…! promised them that I would return it as soon as possible.” 
All of them had worked part-time before, and they knew that the students needed their every hard-earned penny. 
Suddenly losing twenty thousand was bound to cause strain among these students. 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
All of a sudden, she said, “Wait.” 
Connor then turned back. 
Keira picked up her phone. “I’ll have Samuel give you twenty thousand for your emergency needs.” 
Connor’s eyes lit up. “Thank you, Keira. As soon as the money at the police station is returned, I’ll give it back to you.” 
Keira sent a message to Samuel. 
Not long after, Samuel walked in with twenty thousand in cash and handed it to Connor. 
Connor’s eyes stung. 
He took the money. “Keira, my father has borrowed a lot of money from you over the years. Don’t worry. Once I start earning money, I’ll pay you back.” 
“Don’t worry about it. He is he, and you’re you.” 
Just as Keira finished saying that, there was a sudden click at the door. 
Everyone turned their heads to see a thin, unfamiliar man, nervously clutching his mobile phone, having captured the earlier moment. 
When everyone noticed him, the man immediately charged in. “Connor Hill, I knew there must be a financial transaction when you granted forgiveness to the murderer of your father! You are not worthy to be a son!” 
After he finished speaking, he turned his gaze to Keira. 
Noticing her healthy complexion without any signs of anemia, he scoffed. “What’s all this about being on bail pending trial due to a near-death condition? Is this what a near-death condition looks like?” 
He took out his phone and shot a video of Keira. “So, wealthy people have privileges, right? They can find a way to get bail, no matter what?” 
He turned to Captain Lincoln. “Is this how you guys uphold the law impartially?” 
Captain Lincoln frowned, and declared sternly, “Journalists are not allowed in here. Please leave!” 
“I’m not leaving!” The journalist was very agitated as he directed his camera at them. “I’m live-streaming! All these procedures are being broadcast live, and I’ll expose you!” 
Captain Lincoln immediately made a move to stop the man. “You are invading other people’s privacy!” 
“When cases are not clear enough, many people are getting away with it. As a citizen, I have the right to know the truth of any case!” 
The young journalist was fearless. 
Unfortunately, Captain Lincoln had already taken his mobile phone, cutting off his live-streaming. Captain Lincoln was furious. “What’s your name? Which newspaper are you from? I’ll hold you responsible!” 
The young journalist lifted his chin and sneered. “Don’t try to scare me. My idol is Ms. S, who bravely reported on a certain company’s pollution discharge despite the strong power at the time. I’m afraid of nothing but only seeking the truth!” 
Hearing these words, Keira was perplexed. 
Suddenly recalling the message on her Twitter from earlier, she was greatly amazed. “Are you Josh Josh?” 
The young journalist was surprised.. “How do you know that?”
###Chapter 93 - 93: It’s Him
Chapter 93: It’s Him 
Translator: Henyee Translations I Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira opened her phone, found Twitter, clicked into Josh’s homepage, and sure enough, she saw his photo. 
But Josh misunderstood her. “I didn’t expect you to know who I am, but even if you do know my work address and company, and try to use power to pressure the company to fire me, I won’t compromise!’ 
He took a step forward and continued. 
“Ms. S once said, if every journalist is looking out for their own safety, then many truths in this world will be covered up. 
“Even if I can’t be a journalist anymore, there are millions of journalists who will stand out! Don’t think that you can hide what you’ve done forever!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Listening to his cliched speech, she chuckled. “You just graduated from college, didn’t you?” 
Josh nodded. “Yes, what about it? 
“No wonder you’re so naive.” 
Josh was dumbfounded. 
He couldn’t help but look at Keira. It was as if she didn’t realize he was talking about her. 
Captain Lincoln grabbed his arm. “Enough. This is a hospital. Please leave.” He threw Josh’s phone back to him, then grabbed his arm, and took him straight out the door. 
It wasn’t until then that Keira turned to look at Holly. 
But when she did, Holly immediately avoided her gaze. Her pretty face was tense, and she seemed rather uncomfortable. Only then did she say, “Well… I have things to do. I’ll step out for a moment.” 
She quickly left the room. 
Keira chuckled. 
Still the same old stick in the mud. Holly was so straightforward in character and was remorseful after doing something wrong. 
But she didn’t blame Holly. 
Iron deficiency anemia was indeed a rare condition. When she first mentioned it hardly anyone would believe her. She looked perfectly fine when she said she had anemia, but Holly still ran a routine blood test for her, which was more than what the average person would do. 
As Keira was pondering, Samuel suddenly asked, “Boss, do you know who the murderer is?” 
Keira raised an eyebrow but said nothing. 
Samuel chuckled. “Hey, Josh Josh is live streaming again!” 
Keira was startled and looked at Samuel’s phone. 
josh was live-streaming on Twitter just now, and he was still on there. He was standing outside the hospital, talking to the camera. “My livestream was interrupted earlier. I’m back to say hi to everyone. I’m OK. They haven’t lost all conscience. They didn’t kill me because I saw their transaction…” 
People left comments below the video. 
-The world hasn’t collapsed because of the perseverance of people like you!” “I knew it. No matter how terrible one’s father is, he’s still family. How could a son provide a letter of forgiveness to a murderer? No surprise there was a financial transaction!” 
-The evil of capital! Can money disregard human life? Claiming anemia as grounds for bail. It’s utterly shameless!” 
-Such people must be brought to justice. I don’t understand. The evidence is clear. Why aren’t they arresting anyone? Isn’t this kind of case straightforward to solve?” 
just as josh was making light of himself, and everyone was criticizing Keira, a voice rang out. “Hello…” 
josh turned his head and saw Holly in her police uniform, walking toward him authoritatively. “I can accept your live interview.” 
josh was delighted. “Officer Sims, they told me earlier that you are a forensic doctor. Can you assure the fairness in front of the camera?” 
“I can.” 
Holly looked at the camera. 
josh said, “Then may I ask, is the murder suspect Miss Olsen really out on bail due to anemia? Isn’t this excuse laughable?” 
Holly adjusted her uniform and also straightened her hat. 
Then, she stood straight, looking at the camera, and said, “I can verify that Miss Olsen is indeed suffering from severe anemia, which is threatening her life! I signed her bail application, and I assure you she’s definitely not trying to escape punishment!” 
josh didn’t expect her to say that and sneered. “Officer Sims, how can you guarantee it for her?!” 
Holly paused. 
She clenched her jaw, her upright gaze fixed on the screen, and she said word by word, “Because of this uniform!” 
She spoke forcefully. “I can tell everyone here openly that if Miss Olsen’s bail is to escape, I’ll take off this uniform for good!” 
Josh was stunned by her determination. 
Holly looked at Josh. “Sometimes, the truth isn’t what you see. The inherent impressions of human beings can be harmful. Who says anemia isn’t life-threatening? Don’t let short-sightedness and narrow-mindedness affect your judgment, thus making irreversible mistakes.” 
She seemed to be talking to Josh and to herself at the same time. 
Having said that, Holly turned and left. 
Keira looked at her phone and was deeply moved. 
Holly valued her police uniform the most. 
But when they were at the police station, Captain Lincoln told Holly that Keira would apply for bail. Holly made a guarantee with her uniform. Even though Keira indeed applied for bail now, Holly was still willing to stand up and vouch for her. 
“Your friend, although a bit stubborn, is good to you.” 
Lewis walked in at some point. His tall figure made the room seem rather small. He sat down beside her. 
Keira nodded, a smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. “Yes, although she’s a bit silly.” 
She looked at Lewis. 
In her mind, she couldn’t help but think of when she was at the police station. After Holly misunderstood her and thought she had fought Poppy, she was going to send Keira to solitary confinement. Keira was filled with despair. In the dark detention center, Lewis arrived like a deity, holding Captain Lincoln hostage. 
Then, he even picked her up and took her to the hospital. 
Being held by him then, she could smell his fresh scent. His tall and burly figure gave her a sense of security like never before. 
Maybe it was because she was ill then, she felt extremely weak. Now that she thought about it, she felt… 
He was so bold! 
What kind of place was that? Who did he take hostage?! 
What if he was shot dead on the spot by the armed police trying to rescue Captain Lincoln? 
He was even more silly than Holly! 
Keira was lost in thought, and suddenly said, “Thank you.” 
Her politeness suddenly made Lewis feel a bit uncomfortable. Without thinking, he wanted to say, “If anything happens to you, Granny will be heartbroken.” But he swallowed the words in the end. 
He rubbed his nose, his face softening a little. “You’re welcome.” 
His reaction reminded Keira of something. 
In her memories, the boy she met when she was four would also rub his nose when embarrassed… 
Also, that boy was afraid of cats. 
Keira suddenly asked: “Were you kidnapped when you were little?” Lewis paused, his eyes instantly darkening.. “Why would you ask that?”
###Chapter 94 Last Words
94 Last Words 
The moment Keira asked the question, she felt she had been too abrupt. 
Nobody wanted to talk about their childhood, especially not things like that. 
Moreover, that boy wasn't from Oceanion back then, otherwise, he would have been brought back by the police. 
What were the chances of such coincidences in the world? 
Keira cracked a smile and was just about to brush it off when the door to her room opened again. Holly walked in, and Keira and Lewis quickly dropped the subject. 
Holly still looked a bit uncomfortable, but she approached Keira's bed, still looking rather nonchalant. 
She had a cup of honey water in hand which she handed to Keira, then averted her gaze and awkwardly said, "I misunderstand you. I apologize. I hope you won't file a complaint against Captain Lincoln and the others. Everything was due to my poor judgment." 
Keira sighed, looked at Lewis, and after seeing him nod, she said, "Don't worry. Mr. Horton and I won't press any charges." 
Holly seemed taken aback, "Why?" 
After being wronged like that, no ordinary person would let them off the hook. 
The police station would definitely punish her and Captain Lincoln and might even compensate them for their emotional distress. 
Keira just smiled faintly but didn't answer. 
If it were someone else, she wouldn't have put up with it. 
But Holly... She fooled Holly back in junior high school. 
Holly seemed to understand something and held her lips tightly. "Don't worry. I'll help you catch the murderer and clear your name as soon as possible." 
After saying this, however, she noticed that Keira and Lewis's expressions remained unchanged. There was no sign of surprise on their faces, which surprised her. "You know who the murderer is?" 
Keira raised her eyebrows and looked at Lewis. 
She had her suspicions and had just confirmed them. 
Did Lewis also know? 
She saw him nod, "I've already sent someone to follow Connor Hill." 
Holly had a sudden realization. "So, Connor Hill is the murderer?" 
Keira didn't respond to this but asked Lewis instead, "How did you find out?" 
Lewis began in a detached manner. His deep voice, especially when analyzing a case, had a unique charm to it. "There were only four people on the scene that day. The victim was killed right then and there. Apart from you, me, and Tom, Connor was the only one left. I've always been wondering that if you killed Finley Hill, where did the voice answering the door come from? There's only one possibility -- a recording." 
Holly didn't agree. "But no recording device was found on the scene, and there were no relevant recordings in Finley Hill's phone. His phone fell out of his pocket, and there was no trace of anyone touching it." 
Keira said coolly, "It wasn't his phone that recorded the sound, it was Connor's. When he saw the victim lying on the ground, he deliberately scattered the things in his hand everywhere. Afterward, while making the emergency call, he picked up the phone from the floor..." 
She didn't notice anything off at that moment. 
After all, it was common for a phone to drop to the ground after money had been spilled all over. 
It was only after using the process of elimination to determine that it was Connor that these details slowly came together. 
The only person who could convince Finley to record the sound in advance was someone he trusted. With Finley's character, the only person he could trust was Connor, his son. 
Connor somehow tricked him into recording those words, then left his own phone at the scene of the crime, creating the false impression that Finley was still alive. 
In this way, Lewis and Tom became indirect witnesses to Keira's alleged murder! 
The way Finley fell toward Keira when she entered the room wasn't because he was lunging at her. He was losing his balance and toppled over! 
Paired with that recording, anyone's natural reaction would be to push the other person away… 
If it were not for Keira's keen hearing and the cautious character of Lewis and Tom, all of them would have thought that Keira had accidentally killed Finley. The situation was nearly unsolvable. 
Holly was stunned by their explanation and then said solemnly, "Then I'll arrange for his arrest immediately. If he recorded it on his phone, even if he deleted it, we can still recover it. That would be direct evidence!" 
But Keira shook her head. "Not yet." 
This was unusual for Holly, and she was a little anxious. "Why not? I need to clear your name as soon as possible. Don't you know that people are slandering you online right now?!" 
Even though she clarified it just now, netizens still wouldn't believe her. 
Lewis said calmly, "I think Miss Olsen probably has a plan in mind." 
Holly looked at Keira uncertainly. 
Keira just nodded and said, "Holly, I need you to do me a favor. Delay it for a few more days. Finley said before he died that he would tell me a secret about Isla Olsen. Coincidentally, the moment I went to meet him, Connor killed him. I don't believe for a second that this incident had nothing to do with Isla." 
Holly was stunned. "So, you're using Connor to draw Isla Olsen out?" 
She said with a bitter smile, "Keira, I remember now. The main reason I misunderstood you back then was because Isla asked me to plead for you. Looking back, she must have been using me... But even now, I still can't accuse her. She's such a cunning person, and even if she really did instruct Connor, she wouldn't have left any clues behind. The police department probably won't be able to find evidence to arrest her." 
Keira shook her head. "Connor's intent to kill most likely existed long before. Isla was at best just a temptress in the whole matter. I didn't plan to put her in jail through this." 
Holly didn't understand. "Then what is your plan?" 
Keira wanted to say something, but her throat itched a little, and she coughed. 
Lewis quickly said, "Have some water first. I'll explain it for you." 
Keira paused and obediently took a sip of the honey water. 
Lewis continued. "I guess that what Miss Olsen really wanted to know was Isla's secret." 
Keira's eyes lit up, and she nodded in agreement. 
Lewis went on to add, "Finley knew an important secret about Isla. Since he trusted his son so much, he would have definitely told Connor the secret. From what I've observed, Connor is a thoughtful and meticulous person. He wouldn't easily reveal Isla's secret. I think Miss Olsen wants to pit Connor against Isla and let him realize what Isla is really like so that when he's arrested later, he won't help Isla keep the secret." 
Keira felt a warmth spread through her body after finishing the cup of honey water. 
What Lewis had explained was exactly her plan. 
Did Isla think killing Finley could secure her secret forever? 
But Connor was still around. 
Upon hearing this explanation, Holly still seemed anxious. "But netizens are slandering Connor, and you too!" 
"It's okay." Keira placed the cup on the bedside table, her voice full of powerful confidence. "Rumors are like a tickle to me, but for him, they'll be a mighty calamity that can throw him into confusion." 
Her confidence left Holly at a loss for words. 
Holly seemed to remember something and said, "Keira, let me tell you now. The message Finley left for you on his phone is..." 
###Chapter 95 The Secret
Chapter 95 The Secret
Keira hurriedly stopped her. "Don't say anything. Don't go against your professional ethics." 
Holly paused. 
Then she coughed to cover up her embarrassment. "Actually, it was okay to tell you about the recording. It had nothing to do with the case. I was just…" 
She fell silent before finally admitting it. "I just wanted to make things difficult for you." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She rubbed her brow in resignation. "Well, then tell me." 
Holly looked embarrassed. Her face was still serious as she spoke. "The last words were: dear niece, Connor knows the secret too. Please make sure his tuition fee is covered." 
"..." 
The room was quiet for a while. 
Keira frowned. Even though she had guessed that Finley wouldn't leave a message about any secrets and that Connor surely knew something, she still found the message strange. 
She had gone to Finley intending to pay five million to buy the secret. 
If she learned the secret from Finley, why would she still have to cover Connor's tuition? 
Or was it that Finley had never planned to sell her the secret? 
Keira shook her head, grateful for her arrangement. 
She didn't accuse Connor of being the murderer right after the crime, otherwise, she might never be able to pry the truth out of him. 
Now, she would for Connor to crack under the criticism! 
However, Holly was a bit worried. "Keira, don't overdo it. If he throws away his phone, you'll lose the most crucial piece of evidence, and you'll never turn this case around!" 
At this, Keira frowned. 
After the incident, she was taken to the police station right away and didn't get a chance to tell Samuel what needed to be done. She wondered if Connor had changed his phone... 
"No, he won't." 
Lewis suddenly interjected. He said calmly, "After the incident, Connor threw away his original phone and switched to an identical one. I've already retrieved the first one." 
A spark flickered in Keira's eyes, and she smiled, "Impressive, Mr. Horton." 
Since taking over the company, Lewis had heard countless compliments, but the straightforward praise from Keira made his cheeks slightly flushed. 
He smiled slightly. "You flatter me, Miss Olsen." 
Holly looked from one to the other and suddenly said, "You two are married, yet you call each other 'Mr. Horton' and 'Miss Olsen'. I first thought you weren't acquainted, but you actually seem to understand each other so well. Is this your form of displaying affection?" 
"..." 
The room fell quiet all of a sudden. 
Keira looked away from Lewis and seemed to be blushing. 
She felt fine when others addressed her as Miss Olsen, but Lewis's deep voice was like a feather lightly teasing her heart, bringing a tingling sensation... 
She didn't notice Lewis's ears turning red. 
... 
Meanwhile, Connor had no idea what was coming for him. 
Shortly after leaving the hospital, he returned to his college campus. 
He happily repaid his roommates the twenty-thousand cash he borrowed. 
Some took six thousand and snidely commented, "I knew you seemed way too confident about being able to pay back the loan. So, someone was ready to pick up the tab for you." 
Connor didn't understand what they meant, but another rich second-generation student threw the money on the ground. "Hell no! I don't want your filthy money. You earned it by selling out your own father! Do you have no shame spending it?" 
Connor was stunned. "What do you mean?" 
"You want to know?" The guy handed Connor his phone. "Check this out." 
Connor took over the phone and saw the footage of Samuel giving him money, and the video was now spreading on the internet. Everyone was slamming him for being an ungrateful son who signed a letter of understanding for money! 
Connor waved his hands. "No, that's not true. I didn't take her money. This twenty thousand is what I borrowed from you guys. It was only an emergency fund she gave me because the police had seized..." 
"Heh." His roommates didn't believe him. "If you say so, we'll take your word for it." 
Connor thought they believed his explanation and let out a sigh of relief. 
One of them picked up the cash left on the floor by the rich kid. "Don't throw it away. You can buy us dinner with it!" 
The rich kid sneered. "Fine, let's go." 
As Connor followed them to the door, intending to join them, someone stopped him. "Where are you going?" 
Connor was taken aback. "Aren't we going to have dinner?" 
"Oh no, we would rather not have you. If you come with us, we'll probably get interrupted by reporters. You'd better stay in the dorm." 
His roommates went out, leaving Connor alone in the room. 
He had a gloomy look in his eyes. 
He moistened his lips, trying not to give it much thought. After all, having a father like that, he was used to the strange looks from others. 
He pulled out his phone and called Isla. 
As soon as the call was connected, Isla's gentle voice came across. "What's wrong?" 
Connor remained silent. 
Isla sighed. "I saw the comments online. Actually, it's a good thing. It can force Keira to confess sooner, and you'll be safe." 
Connor responded with a noncommittal, "Hmm." 
Isla comforted him. "Connor, you have to live with it. If you can't bear it, everything will be revealed. You can't go to jail. If you do, what will become of me?" 
Connor's expression softened. 
Having a father like that was indeed painful. His neighbors and classmates all looked down on him. 
Only Isla was different. She was like a beam of light that shone into his world when they were in junior high school. 
She would bring him breakfast and tutor him when he didn't do well in his studies. She told him not to mind the looks other people threw his way. 
He only got into Oceanion University because of Isla! 
Her gentle demeanor and the image of the girl next door made him admire her ever since he was a teenager. 
So when she appeared in front of him and said that his father had threatened her and asked for five million, he became unusually enraged. 
His father could bully anyone in the world, except her! 
That was why Connor decided to kill Finley and frame Keira! 
Connor had always desired Isla, but the situation was different now. He had killed for her, so... 
Connor lowered his eyes and asked, "When can we be together?" 
Isla paused before replying softly, "Soon. The Horton family is going to break off the engagement with me. Once that happens, my parents should be able to accept you..." 
"Really?" 
Connor's eyes lit up, "Can you come to see me now? I miss you..." 
Isla said, "Connor, I'm busy..." 
"What could be more important than me?" Connor looked around his empty room, his eyes becoming darker. "Isla, just before father died, he told me your secret!" 
Meanwhile. 
In the hospital, Keira and Lewis were listening to their conversation. 
Upon hearing this, Keira raised an eyebrow. Finley had indeed told Connor the truth. 
The next moment, she heard Isla say in disbelief, "Connor, stop talking nonsense. What kind of secret can be between your father and me?" 
Connor scoffed. "Of course, it's about you and Keira!"
###Chapter 96 More Alike
Chapter 96 More Alike
Isla still stubbornly retorted. "What kind of secret could there possibly be between me and Keira…" 
Exactly. 
Keira also wanted to know what the secret had to do with her, a secret so significant it could let Isla be threatened by Finley for so many years! 
"Are you sure you want me to say it out loud?" 
The faint voice of Connor added a sense of pressure to Isla's reluctance! 
Isla immediately changed her tone. "I'm on my way to the hospital to visit Keira with my mother. I'll ask her to put some pressure on Keira so she'll confess her guilt as soon as possible. After I'm done with all this, I'll come to see you, okay?" 
Connor finally smiled. "Alright, I'll wait for you tonight." 
The call ended. 
However, Keira frowned and shuddered. 
She didn't expect Isla and Connor to have such a relationship! 
Wasn't Isla two years older than Connor? 
She felt a chill run down her spine. 
Lewis, standing by the window, said, "Mrs. Olsen is here." 
In the phone call, Isla had already mentioned that she would be coming to visit Keira with Mrs. Olsen, thus Keira wasn't surprised. She quickly freshened up and lightly patted her cheeks, adding some color to her face. 
Seeing her actions, Lewis paused slightly, "Are you afraid that Mrs. Olsen will worry?" 
"Yes." 
Keira rushed into the bathroom, changed herself out of the hospital gown, and came out looking radiant again. 
After all these preparations, there was a sound at the door. Mrs. Olsen walked in with Isla and Taylor Olsen. 
Upon entering, Mrs. Olsen's eyes were immediately on Keira. Seeing her looking as usual, she breathed a sigh of relief and quickly walked over to her. "Keira, are you all right? Why didn't you tell me when such a big thing happened? If it wasn't for the news, when were you planning to inform me?" 
Keira felt a warmth in her chest. Just as she was about to answer, Taylor sneered. "By looking at her healthy appearance, where does she look sick? As it says on the internet, she just wants to apply for bail!" 
Keira's smile froze on her face, and she slowly lowered her head. 
But Mrs. Olsen held her hand tightly. "Keira is not that kind of kid. Don't talk nonsense." 
Then she looked worriedly at Keira. "I didn't know you had anemia when you were living with the Olson family before. Have you been too tired since you moved out? Did you not eat enough?" 
"We gave her living expenses every month. How could she have malnutrition?" 
Taylor scoffed. 
Keira frowned and immediately turned to him. "You gave me living expenses every month? How come I've never received it?" 
Hearing those words, Taylor was stunned. 
Mrs. Olsen frowned even more. "What? You didn't receive it? How have you been managing all these years?!" 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
She really didn't know about the living expenses, and she hadn't received a single penny over these years. 
However, Taylor didn't believe her. "Shirley, do you hear her talking nonsense here? She claims she didn't receive any money. How did she pay for her bills over the years then? She even went to college!" 
Keira scoffed immediately. "Mr. Olsen, I haven't taken a penny from the Olsen family since I left the Olsen residence! Do you need me to show you my bank statement?" 
Taylor was taken aback. 
Mrs. Olsen turned to Isla. "Isla, didn't I ask you to send money to Keira every month? Didn't you send it?" 
Isla's eyes flickered, clearly flustered, but her soon head dropped. "Mom, I gave the money to Aunt Hill! Could she have kept it from Keira? How could she do this?" 
When Poppy was mentioned, Taylor's face was full of disgust, "She's such a selfish person. If you gave the money to her, it's no wonder she kept it to herself!" 
Taylor looked at Keira again. "Did you hear that? It's not that we didn't give you money, but your mother embezzled it! That has nothing to do with the Olsen family!" 
His manner clearly informed Keira that he, as her father, had provided enough money! 
Keira chuckled but before she could retort, Mrs. Olsen intervened. "Taylor, no matter what, Keira didn't receive the money. Therefore, she had to work hard, which ruined her health. This is where you, as a father, failed in your responsibilities!" 
"Shirley, you are too kind-hearted! You're still worrying about her health! She's not sick at all. She's just pretending!" 
Taylor didn't feel guilty at all. Instead, he frowned at Keira. "Before we came, we asked the lawyer. Your despicable uncle was the one who made a mistake first. You accidentally hurt him, so you won't be guilty of a major crime. Confess now so the news can be suppressed. Otherwise, if this continues and your identity is revealed, the Olsen family will also suffer because of you!" 
Isla also piped up. "Keira, Dad is right. If your relationship with the Olsen family is discovered, our family's stocks will plummet severely, and we need to control the remarks on the internet. Dad is thinking about what's best for you. If you confess, you can get a lighter sentence. If you refuse to confess, you'll face more years in prison..." 
Keira didn't care about the two of them. She just looked at Mrs. Olsen. "Do you agree with them?" 
Mrs. Olsen patted her hand. "Keira, did you really accidentally kill that person?" 
"No." 
"Do you have any evidence?" 
Keira glanced at Isla and noticed her nervousness, whereupon she slowly said, "…No." 
Isla breathed a sigh of relief. 
But Mrs. Olsen looked troubled. "But I just inquired from the police station, and the current evidence is very unfavorable to you. If you can't find strong evidence to discharge yourself, you'll likely lose this case." 
She bowed her head. "Before we came, I consulted the lawyer, and his advice was for you to confess as soon as possible." 
Keira's heart sank a little when she heard this. 
But to her surprise, Mrs. Olsen held her hand the next moment. "But you shouldn't confess to what you didn't do. Keira, stick to what you think is right and keep going." 
Keira's eyes lit up, and she nodded vigorously. 
But Taylor reproached. "Shirley, don't let her fool you! They were in an abandoned hospital at the time. If she didn't murder him, was it a ghost that did?! Now the whole internet is on a crusade against her. You're still supporting her now. You're spoiling the child too much!" 
Isla also couldn't help saying, "Mom, we agreed to come here to persuade Keira to plead guilty. Otherwise, the reputation of the Olsen family will be affected and Jake will break off our engagement! Are you going to be unfair to me again, all because of an illegitimate daughter?!" 
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback by these comments. 
She was speechless for a moment. 
Tears started to flow from Isla's eyes. "Mom, in the end, is she your biological daughter, or am I your biological daughter?!" 
After saying this, she ran out crying. 
Mrs. Olsen looked a bit panicked. She looked at Keira, then outside the door, obviously hesitating. 
But eventually, she stood up and went after Isla with Taylor. 
The room quickly returned to its quiet state. 
Keira stared at the door, laughing at herself. 
Lewis, who had stayed in the corner of the room the whole time, watched Mrs. Olsen as she left. "Did I ever mention to you that you and Mrs. Olsen seem more like real mother and daughter?"
###Chapter 97 Intergenerational Inheritance
Chapter 97 Intergenerational Inheritance
Keira was slightly dazed upon hearing this. 
Then, she lowered her head. "Actually, many people have said that." 
Lewis didn't say anything and quietly listened to her explanation. 
Keira smiled. "When we were little, Isla hated me so much simply because when I stood next to Mrs. Olsen, people always mistook me as Mrs. Olsen's daughter." 
Children didn't know how to hide their true feelings. 
Isla was very obviously targeting Keira back then. She would push Keira, hit her, and have a bunch of other kids curse her. Keira had been severely brainwashed by Poppy at the time, always thinking that she owed Isla and forever keeping her head low in front of Isla, not knowing how to resist. 
Keira's eyes gradually became brooding. "In fact, I had thought that maybe the reason why Poppy was so bad to me was because I wasn't her biological child at all. Unfortunately, I did a DNA test with her, and indeed, I'm her daughter." 
She had been kidnapped and sold for several months at the time. Upon returning, the police station requested that she and Poppy undergo a DNA test to ascertain the child's parentage. She wished at the time that she wasn't Poppy's daughter." 
Unfortunately, there was no such "if". 
"That's indeed quite a pity." Lewis's voice was low and soft. "However, upon careful consideration, you and Mrs. Olsen don't really look alike. It's just that your temperaments are very similar." 
People who lived together tend to develop similar habits over time. 
When she was little, Keira's favorite thing to do was to observe Mrs. Olsen and learn how to interact with people from her. It was also thanks to Mrs. Olsen that she was able to awaken and stop being manipulated by Poppy. 
She smiled. "I know we don't look alike. If any of my facial features looked like Mrs. Olsen's, I would have thought of Mrs. Olsen as my mother." 
This self-deprecating remark made Lewis chuckle slightly. 
He lowered his gaze and said lightly, "Maybe it's an intergenerational inheritance?" 
Keira immediately looked at him. "What was that?" 
"Nothing." 
Lewis felt that it was better not to say anything about the things that were uncertain, to avoid disappointing her. 
... 
Mrs. Olsen and Taylor rushed after Isla, who stormed out. 
They saw Isla enter the parking lot and knowing that Isla wouldn't run off somewhere, they heaved a sigh of relief. 
Mrs. Olsen showed a hint of hesitation. "Taylor, am I really favoring Keira? Am I neglecting Isla? Am I playing blatant favorites?" 
"It's not that bad," Taylor, always putting her first, replied ively. "You do like Keira very much, but you still have restraint. Isla is just a bit too jealous." 
Mrs. Olsen sighed. "Why has Isla become like this? Neither you nor I are petty people." 
Taylor then held her arm. "It's all my fault. In other families, without an illegitimate daughter, the children all grow up to be cheerful and positive. Our family is different. Plus, Keira is now Dr. South, and she outshines Isla, so Isla's jealousy is understandable." 
Mrs. Olsen was silent for a moment. "The excellence of a person shouldn't only be defined by capability, especially seeing as everything in the family is given to Isla first, then Keira. Since she was little, Isla has had everything Keira may not have. But everything Keira had, Isla definitely had it as well. So, what right does Isla have to blame Keira? And you too, pressuring Keira to confess just now wasn't right." 
However, Taylor rubbed his forehead. "Shirley, you forgot that people have close and distant relationships! Keira is just Poppy's daughter. In my heart, only your daughter is my daughter. If Isla and Keira's lives lay before me and I could only choose one, I wouldn't hesitate to choose Isla, let alone make Keira confess her crime!" 
He grabbed hold of Mrs. Olsen's shoulder. "Shirley, you have to remember. No matter how outstanding Keira is, she has nothing to do with our family. Isla is our daughter! If Isla goes astray because you like Keira, will you regret it in the future?" 
Mrs. Olsen was stunned. 
Taylor slowly said, "You might as well keep your distance from Keira in the future. The three of us will live a calm life." 
Mrs. Olsen clenched her fists and slowly lowered her gaze, yet she felt a void in her heart. 
When the two of them reached the car, Isla had regained her composure. 
The family of three set off for the hospital. 
Today, the Allen family planned to return to Clance, and Mrs. Olsen took Isla to apologize. 
Isla behaved herself very well. Only by obtaining the forgiveness of the Allen family would there possibly be hope that Jake won't call off the marriage. These days, Jake had completely ignored her, which made her anxious. 
The three of them arrived, and Mrs. Olsen apologized sincerely. 
The Allen family had prepared all their luggage and were waiting to go. 
Rebecca craned her neck to look outside, anticipating Keira's arrival. 
Keira had promised her that she would come to see her off. 
But the agreed time had already passed. Why hadn't Keira come yet? 
On the other hand, after Mrs. Olsen apologized to Mr. and Mrs. Allen, she came over to Rebecca, took out a property ownership certificate from her bag, and handed it to Rebecca. "Miss Allen, Isla said something inappropriate that hurt you. I know that nothing can make up for the harm she's caused you. I know the Allen family has everything, but this is a token of my goodwill." 
Rebecca was dumbfounded and looked at her father. 
Mrs. Allen was also a bit upset, feeling that Mrs. Olsen was trying to get rid of people with money. She stepped forward to take the property certificate, intending to return it to Mrs. Olsen. However, she suddenly saw the information on the certificate and was completely stunned. 
Wasn't it the most famous Golden Glory Mansion in Clance?! 
The price of this residential area wasn't excessively high. Instead, the most valuable thing was the network of the homeowners in the residential area! 
The Golden Glory Mansion was priceless! So many people wanted to buy property in that residential area but couldn't… 
Never did they expect Mrs. Olsen to possess property there. 
She wasn't just giving away a house, but a network of connections in Clance! 
Mrs. Allen was flabbergasted and looked at Mr. Allen. 
Mr. Allen also tried to turn it down. "We can't accept it!" 
However, Mrs. Olsen shook her head. "I'm now settled in Oceanion and want nothing to do with the affairs in Clance. This is our apology, so please take it." 
Only then did Mr. Allen accept. 
After giving the apology gift, Mrs. Olsen left with Taylor and Isla. 
After they left, Mrs. Allen couldn't help but express her amazement. "Mrs. Olsen indeed does things big. She could give away such a significant property!" 
Mr. Allen sighed. "You haven't seen Lady South. Her demeanor is even better than Mrs. Olsen's..." 
Mrs. Allen frowned. "It's just a pity. Despite the mother and daughter both being such promising individuals, Isla is such an embarrassment!" 
Mentioning Isla, Mr. Allen frowned as well. 
He suddenly thought of Keira... 
Upon thinking, Keira indeed looked a lot like Mrs. Olsen's mother, Lady South. He even initially thought that Lady South was Keira's grandmother… 
Mr. Allen paused momentarily, and then suddenly asked, "Where's Miss Olsen? Hasn't she come yet?" 
"She can't come anymore." 
Frankie held his phone and frowned, saying, "It appears that Miss Olsen has encountered some troubles." 
Rebecca said firmly, "I can't leave. Miss Olsen is in trouble. I can't leave her at such a time and return to Clance!"
###Chapter 98 Photo
Chapter 98 Photo
Rebecca's words made Mr. and Mrs. Allen pause. "Rebecca, this isn't time for tantrums..." 
But Rebecca spoke up. "She saved me when I was near death. Now that she's in trouble, how can I leave? The medical facilities in Oceanion are quite good. I'll stay in this hospital until Miss Olsen is safe." 
Mr. and Mrs. Allen looked at each other. "What Miss Olsen really killed that person?" 
Rebecca's eyes turned red. "Then I'll wait. Miss Olsen doesn't have much family or friends, and I'll see her every visitation day! It would be so heartbreaking if everyone else has visitors and only she doesn't." 
Mr. Allen couldn't help but chuckle. "You're going to stay here forever?" 
Rebecca lowered her head and fell silent, looking like the spoiled young lady she was again. 
Frankie looked at her and felt somewhat relieved. 
Ever since Rebecca's husband and mother-in-law betrayed her, she had lost a lot of confidence. Now that she was throwing tantrums again, it meant she was getting better. 
He pondered for a moment and then sighed. "There are still matters in the company that need my attention in Clance. I'll head back first. Mom, Dad, please stay with Rebecca in Oceanion for her recovery. It's like taking a vacation here." 
Mr. Allen said in resignation, "Fine." 
... 
Isla didn't leave with Mrs. Olsen and Mr. Olsen but stayed in the hospital. 
When she arrived at old Mrs. Horton's room, she found the old lady humming a tune while watching a drama with her reading glasses on. 
After knocking on the door, she walked in. 
Seeing her, old Mrs. Horton seemed displeased. "Why are you here?" 
Isla smiled. "Mrs. Horton, I came to tell you something..." 
Old Mrs. Horton waved her hand dismissively. "I don't want to hear you speak. Go away." 
Two bodyguards immediately stepped forward, ready to grab Isla. 
Isla immediately shouted, "Mrs. Horton, Keira is in trouble!" 
Old Mrs. Horton paused, lowered her head, and shot a glance at her. "What did you say? What happened to my granddaughter-in-law?" 
Isla was taken aback. "What granddaughter-in-law?" 
"Keira! What happened to her?" 
Without thinking too much about it, Isla assumed that old Mrs. Horton's dementia was acting up again, so she continued. "She killed someone and was arrested. She was locked up in the police station last night and released on bail today. The news has already reported it. Didn't you see it?" 
The news... 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately whipped out her phone and saw the trending news: #Rich Second Generation Paying for A Life# 
She clicked into it and saw the interview by Josh the journalist. 
Though Keira and Connor's faces were blurred, anyone familiar with them could recognize them at a glance. 
Old Mrs. Horton stared at the news report in shock. The entire social media was filled with criticism. 
"You must reveal who this rich second generation is! She must face justice!" 
"My God, if it wasn't for the journalist who broke the news, would the deceased have died in vain? His son even signed a letter of understanding for money..." 
"Murder for life! These words are applicable in any era!" 
"Please reveal which family she comes from. We'll never support anything from their family again! What the hell is this rich second generation, using our money to bully the poor?" 
... 
... 
The more Old Mrs. Horton read, the more shocked she was. 
Seeing her expression, Isla quickly added, "Mrs. Horton, Keira's reputation is now thoroughly tarnished. Shouldn't you keep your distance from her to avoid affecting the Horton Group?" 
Isla's eyes gleamed with fierce light. 
Wasn't Keira so arrogant and magnificent because she was backed by old Mrs. Horton's love? 
If she lost old Mrs. Horton's favor, what would she be? 
Upon hearing these words, old Mrs. Horton indeed looked at her. "Horton Group?" 
Isla smiled. "Yes, you should advise Mr. Horton to keep some distance from her... I saw Mr. Horton taking care of her in the hospital. If the journalists photographed it and misconstrued that Keira had some relationship with the Horton family, it would be a big mess." 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately frowned. "Right, right. We can't let the journalists photograph it..." 
She immediately took out her phone and dialed Lewis's number. 
The call was answered quickly, and Mrs. Horton shouted, "Are you still at the hospital?! Are there still many journalists?" 
The rich, pleasing voice of Lewis came from the phone. "…How did you know?" 
"You don't need to worry about how I knew. I'm telling you, you must protect your privacy and not let the journalists photograph…" 
The corner of Isla's mouth curled up. 
As it involved the issue of reputation, old Mrs. Horton and Mr. Horton indeed began to maintain their distance… 
Just as she was thinking this, she heard old Mrs. Horton's following words. "…Don't let the journalists photograph Keira! A young lady needs her reputation! Even if this matter is resolved, if she is photographed and becomes a trending topic, how can she face the people in Oceanion in the future?" 
Isla was shocked. 
She stared at old Mrs. Horton in astonishment and then heard her continue. "You brat! Such a big thing happened and you didn't tell me! How is Keira doing now? Does she need me to come and see her? She doesn't need me? Then don't go to work! You must stay in the hospital to protect her. If you can't protect her, don't come back home!" 
This was the sentence that Isla heard as she was chased out of the room. 
She stomped her foot in anger, a vicious look in her eyes. 
Back in the hospital. 
Lewis calmly hung up. He rubbed his nose and looked at Keira. The words his grandma said echoed in his head. "You brat, this is your chance. By the way, where are you sleeping tonight? The sofa? How can you sleep on the sofa? Squeeze onto the bed with your wife!" 
The bed... 
There was only a single bed in the ward. Indeed two people could fit if they squeezed, but wouldn't they have to be very close to each other? 
Lewis felt his face become a bit hot just thinking about it. 
Clearing his throat, he spoke to Keira. "I'm going to handle some issues in the office." 
Keira was resting in bed, and she nodded when she heard him. "Alright." 
As Lewis made his way to the door, he suddenly turned back. "I'll come back tonight to have dinner with you." 
Keira was perplexed. 
She wanted to tell him not to worry if he was busy, but she kept quiet when she saw the deep gaze in Lewis's eyes. 
She nodded. "Okay." 
After Lewis left, Keira thought she'd be bored, but then Mr. and Mrs. Allen brought Rebecca over. 
As the three of them chatted with her, time quickly passed, and it was evening. 
Rebecca was whispering to Keira, and Mr. Allen and Mrs. Allen were sitting on the sofa beside them. Both of their phones beeped simultaneously. 
Mr. Allen took out his phone and saw it was a message from Frankie. "Dad, Mom, I've arrived home." 
Mr. Allen glanced at Keira. 
The more he looked at her face, the more he found her to resemble Lady South from his memories... 
All of a sudden, he sent a text to Frankie. "In my study, the second drawer, there's an album. I believe there's a picture of me and Lady South on the eighteenth page. Can you find it, take a picture, and send it to me?"
###Chapter 99 - 99: Group Photo
Chapter 99 - 99: Group Photo
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Frankie texted back. “Okay.”
Mrs. Allen saw the group message and looked at Mr. Allen with a mixed feeling of laughter and tears. “You’re unbelievable… Mrs. Olsen has raised her daughter for so many years. How could she mistake her for someone else? You must have remembered wrong, it’s been so many years!”
Mr. Allen chuckled. “I indeed can’t recall Lady South’s appearance that well. After all, I haven’t seen her for more than twenty years. As for whether Miss Olsen looks like her or not, we’ll know after seeing the photo, won’t we?”
Mrs. Allen wanted to say something more, but a photo was sent over.
Mr. Allen opened it right away, then seemed a bit disappointed. “This photo is way too old. It’s not only distorted but also blurred. I can’t tell anything!”
Mrs. Allen also had a careful look, “It’s indeed distorted. I think you’re overthinking it!”
Mr. Allen sighed.
At this moment, Frankie sent a message in the chat group. “There are photo restoration services available now. Dad, do you want me to take it there to have it restored?”
Mr. Allen’s eyes sparkled. “Sure.”
Mrs. Allen saw his persistence and was somewhat helpless. “Sure, but remember, photo restoration takes some time. Wait until the restored photo comes out, then you can observe it carefully.”
The couple shared a smile.
At night, Rebecca reluctantly said goodbye to Keira. “Are you sure you don’t need me to have dinner with you? It’s rather lonely eating alone.”
Keira gave a slight smile. “That’s alright.”
Someone said to her when he was leaving that he would come back to keep her company.
After the Allen family left, this VIP ward finally became quiet again.
Keira checked the time and saw it was already six in the evening.
Footsteps were heard outside the door, and she looked up immediately. An expectation she didn’t even notice was on her face.
“Creak.”
The door opened.
Tom walked in, and Keira looked past him, trying to find that tall figure, but there was no one else.
Keira was slightly stunned.
Tom cleared his throat, then said, “Miss Olsen, uh, Mr. Horton is busy tonight and can’t come, so he asked me to bring dinner for you.”
Keira’s eyes dimmed a little, and she nodded, “Okay, thank you.”
The next day, Keira prepared to be discharged from the hospital.
She didn’t bring much when she was hospitalized, so discharge was a simple affair.
Looking out the window from the ward, she indeed saw a few stubborn journalists carrying their cameras, squatting outside.
Keira raised her eyebrows. She didn’t make a big deal, nor wait for Lewis to come. She just informed the bodyguard sent by the Horton family and left quietly through the back door.
She took a taxi and returned to the rundown neighborhood where she had rented a place.
After getting out of the car with a mask on, she arrived at her front door.
Just as she was about to take out her key, someone suddenly sprung from the stairwell. “Miss Olsen, are you completely cured? Why didn’t you turn yourself into the police station then?”
Keira took a closer look and found it was Josh again.
He was indeed persistent and clever.
Knowing that it was hard to see her in the guarded hospital, he ran to her flat instead…
Keira was displeased. “How do you know my address?”
Josh pointed the camera at her and started talking, “Miss Olsen, the internet nowadays is very advanced. Some good-hearted people have already exposed your address online, so don’t think you can evade the law!”
Keira let out a cold laugh. The so-called “good-hearted people” must be Isla!
Josh took another step forward. “Looking at your complexion, you seem to be fine. Please answer my question.”
Keira said indifferently, “The case hasn’t been solved yet, so please trust the police’s judgment. I don’t have any more comments for the rest.”
After she finished, she opened the door.
Josh immediately tried to stop her from entering.
Keira warned him. “Josh, trespassing is illegal. Even newsgathering by journalists must follow legal procedures! Are you sure you want to block the doorway and stop me from going in?”
Josh was stunned.
Keira turned elegantly and stepped into the door…
Yet the next second, she halted.
The room was a total mess, and all her belongings were stuffed into big boxes. The potbellied middle-aged landlord glared at her. “You came just in time. Take your stuff and leave. I’m not renting out this house anymore!”
Keira was startled. “Why?”
“Why?” The chubby landlord said impatiently, “My home address has been exposed online. If I continue to rent this house to you, a murderer, how could I sell this house in the future? I’m afraid it’ll become a haunted house! You’re moving out now!”
His face was shaking as he spoke, looking quite fierce and intimidating.
Keira’s chin tightened, and she said coldly, “The police haven’t convicted me. How have I become a murderer?”
The chubby landlord sneered. “Everyone on the internet knows what happened. You just want to evade punishment!
“I see. So netizens now have the final say on who is breaking the law and who isn’t? Then what are the police and law for?”
Keira’s sharp words left the chubby landlord speechless.
Although he was at fault, he became furious. He picked up Keira’s stuff from the floor and threw it out of the door. “This is my house. I can decide not to rent it! Since you’re so insensitive and refuse to leave, don’t blame me for being rude!”
Bang!
The cardboard box fell on the ground outside, and everything was scattered onto the ground.
The chubby landlord blocked the doorway with his sturdy body. “Take your stuff and get out! My house won’t be rented to people like you!”
Keira’s eyes flashed with a fierce light!
She intended to make a move on the landlord, but suddenly, she caught sight of a photo of her and Mrs. Olsen among the things scattered on the ground…
It was a photo taken on her thirteenth birthday when she and Mrs. Olsen were together. This photo had been with her for almost ten years!
Now, the frame was broken, and the shards of glass had punctured the photo.
Keira immediately turned around, intending to pick it up…
But then footsteps echoed in the corridor as seven or eight journalists suddenly appeared. They crowded the small stairwell, forcing Keira into a corner.
“Miss Olsen, why did you apply for bail?”
“There’s ample evidence. It’s quite obvious that it was manslaughter. Why don’t you admit your crime?”
“Are you planning to flee abroad?”
“The deceased was your uncle. He died right in front of you. Don’t you feel any guilt at all?”
“You gave the son of the deceased money. What’s your motive? Guilt and compensation? Or buying forgiveness with money?”
Keira ignored their questions and tried to pick up the photo, but the journalists rushed forward like a swarm of bees, and one of them stomped heavily on the photo!!
A moment of intense fierceness flashed in Keira’s eyes!
She slowly raised her head, her eyes ruthless, and coldly spat out, “Out of my way..”
###Chapter 100 - 100: Don’t Care
Chapter 100 - 100: Don’t Care
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The reporter glanced down at what he had stepped on but made no effort to move.
“Miss Olsen, the picture under my foot features you and your mother, correct? You have family, so you understand the pain of losing a loved one. Did you truly kill the victim by mistake? Your uncle just asked you for some money. Couldn’t you simply have refused instead of resorting to murder?”
Josh, who had arrived first on the scene, was puzzled when he heard this. He frowned and said, “Let Miss Olsen pick up her family photo first! As a journalist, you shouldn’t be threatening someone like this…”
“Extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures!” the reporter retorted harshly, glaring at Josh. “A reporter shouldn’t act saintly like you! She’s obviously a murderer. For people like her, special measures should be taken. And besides, how am I threatening? I’m just standing here asking Miss Olsen some questions…”
He looked back at Keira. “Miss Olsen, unless you answer my questions, I won’t move…”
Before he could finish, someone had already grabbed his arm.
A sudden force made him stumble back uncontrollably!
Keira forcefully moved the reporter away and then bent down to pick up the photo. Upon seeing the black footprint on it, she gave off a ferocious aura.
The reporter, having been pushed back, started shouting, “What was that? The killer is resorting to violence now!”
When he looked at Keira again, he was frightened by her demeanor.
She may be slender and dressed in a comfortable, white outfit that gave an image of delicacy, but the fierceness in her eyes right now made her look like a ghastly figure that crawled out from a bloody hell.
The reporter swallowed hard. “Look, that’s the eyes of a killer! Terrifying as ever! It must have been her who planned and executed the murder!”
“Really?”
A cool voice slowly responded. Keira wiped the photo and picked up a shard of glass that hadn’t yet fallen from the frame. “Deliberately killing someone…it seems capital punishment awaits regardless of whether it’s one or multiple murders, right?”
With that said, all the reporters fell silent, stunned. They all stared at the sharp glass shard in her hand.
Keira swept her gaze across all reporters present and eventually cast her eyes toward the heavy landlord.
The burly, two-hundred-pound man was trembling with fear. “Wh-Wh-What are you going to do?”
Keira pointed at the scattered luggage littering the floor. “What do you think?”
The landlord immediately stuttered out, “So-Sorry…1’11 clean it up for you…” Terrified, he pushed his way through the reporters and bent over to tidy up the scattered items. He grabbed Keira’s luggage from inside, packed everything up for her, and gingerly pushed it in front of her as if trying to ward off evil spirits. “Mi-Miss Olsen, we’ve had some good years together. Let’s part on good terms, alright?”
Keira dropped her gaze.
When she left the Olsen family and had nowhere to go, this landlord had indeed rented her the place at a low price. Later, when the Olsen family stopped providing living expenses, she failed to pay the rent on time twice, and the landlord didn’t evict her.
Considering that, Keira decided not to make a fuss with the landlord.
She pushed the suitcase and prepared to leave.
Unable to stop her, the encircling reporters merely watched as she went toward the staircase, where she met with Poppy, who had just been released from jail. Poppy glared at her fiercely, barking out sharply, “Keira Olsen, you still dare to fight other people? Come on, if you dare, stab me right in the heart! You killed your uncle, so just go ahead and kill your mother too! Ungrateful creature! How did I ever give birth to such a creature?!”
As she shouted, she charged toward Keira, grabbing her arm and, heedless of the glass in Keira’s hand, started wailing to the reporters.
“Her uncle only asked her for some money, right? Isn’t it natural for her to help out, given she’s a Ph.D. now and surely has money? She was raised by me, so she owes me debts of gratitude! How could she have killed her own uncle? She’s a beast!”
“I gave birth to you and raised you. You owe me for that! Why did you kill your uncle? You’re an animal!”
Poppy sobbed and continued to hit Keira.
Keira clenched her fists and sneered. “Didn’t I make myself clear before? I got married, cleared the way for Isla, and we’re squared off now. What’s the matter? Did you lose your memory?”
Poppy, however, denied everything through her tears. “Squared off? Your blood is mine, and I gave birth to you! you’re my daughter forever! Everyone, look at this heartless daughter. Now that she’s successful, she despises me for being a mistress and wants to cut ties with me!
“I might be a mistress and couldn’t afford you a good living environment, but even dogs know not to despise a poor home, and no children should despise their mother! Aren’t you aware of that? I gave birth to you, so I’m the one who gave you this life! If you want to cut ties with me, go ahead, but first, give me your life! Compensate for your uncle’s death!”
After saying this, she grabbed the glass shard in Keira’s hand and pulled it out with all her might, intending to stab Keira in the chest!
Keira reacted promptly and pushed her back, striking her right in the chest.
Poppy stumbled backward, crashing into the wall behind, but she managed to wrestle away the glass shard. The glass cut her hand, and blood flowed out.
She screamed. “Help! My own daughter murdered her uncle, and now she’s trying to kill me, her own mother! Someone call the police! Don’t let her escape!”
The group of reporters, seeing that Keira was disarmed, found their courage again. They flocked around Keira once more.
“You’ve killed your own uncle and now you’ve injured your own mother. Do you even have a heart?”
“Is it because your family is poor, which is why you treat your uncle and mother so poorly?”
“Judging by the way you treat your mother, we suspect that you really did accidentally kill your uncle. Or could it be that you saw the steel bar behind him and deliberately pushed him?”
“The force required to push someone onto a steel bar, skewering them to death, much be very considerable. Why do you hate your uncle so much?”
II II
The tricky questions from the reporters came one after another, causing
Keira’s gaze to grow even colder.
Rumors and slander were indeed powerful tools…
A hint of shadow flashed in her eyes, and she abruptly changed the topic. “Why? Why haven’t any of you inquired as to why my dear cousin would give me a letter of understanding?”
All of the reporters were left momentarily speechless by her counter-question.
Keira turned to leave, but the reporters didn’t make a way for her.
If that was the case, then she had no choice but to take action!
She flexed her wrists, and Josh immediately shouted, “Miss Olsen, all these cameras are rolling. Please, don’t lose control!”
Keira understood his warning.
If she attacked them, regardless of the truth, she would be branded as a journalist beater and a mother abuser.
But… So what?
She’s never cared for public opinion!
Keira let out a wicked smile..
###Chapter 101 - 101: The Stolen Life
Chapter 101 - 101: The Stolen Life
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Keira’s eyes were cold and sharp. The smirk at the corner of her mouth was devilishly enticing, carrying a wild vibe.
A sense of alienation from the world engulfed her.
The truth was, she never really felt she belonged to this world.
When she was little, Isla had her classmates isolate and bully her. After leaving the Olsen family, she kept to herself over the years, making few friends.
The opinions and views of others were irrelevant to her.
She wasn’t afraid of the invectives on the internet, nor did she fear the real-life reproaches. The words of the journalists and Poppy hadn’t perturbed her at all.
So even if she threw a punch and hit someone, which caused her name to trend online, she wouldn’t care!
With that thought, she took a step forward. The aura of defiance around her suddenly intensified!
The journalists immediately hoisted up their cameras, ready to capture the moment she initiated an attack. Once that happened, she would become the target of public outrage!
But just then!
A deep voice filled with sternness rang out suddenly. “Stop!”
Surprised, Keira looked downstairs to see a tall figure striding toward them.
Lewis dressed in a tailored suit and was angry when he saw the scene. He waved his hand, and the bodyguards behind him surged forward, isolating Keira and the journalists and filling the narrow staircase.
The bodyguards emitted an intimidating aura, and their fierce appearance intimidated the journalists and Poppy.
Josh swallowed nervously. “Mr. Horton, what’s going on?”
Lewis’s eyes were dark. “I suspect that you’re illegally infringing on Miss Olsen’s freedom!”
Josh quickly defended himself. “We are just doing a normal interview…”
His voice lacked conviction even as he spoke.
“Normal?” Lewis scoffed. “You can discuss that with my legal team.”
Having said that, he walked over to Keira, picked up her suitcase with one hand while grabbing her wrist with the other, and led her down the stairs.
This time, no one dared to obstruct them.
As Keira followed him down and out of the building, the sunlight showered upon her, sweeping away the gloom in her chest.
She looked up at the blinding sunlight, her expression cold and her voice indifferent. “You shouldn’t have come. Those journalists couldn’t have cornered me.”
Lewis replied, “If you hit someone, you’ll be criticized.”
“I’m not afraid of being criticized.”
“But you shouldn’t be criticized.”
II II
Keira was taken aback.
She had become accustomed to being criticized and being incompatible with others. She was used to putting up a prickly defense. She never thought she’d hear such words one day.
The coldness around her gradually faded, and the alienation in her eyes slowly vanished.
Suddenly, she let out a soft chuckle.
Lewis asked, “What are you laughing at?”
“I’m just thinking how miserable Connor must be right now.”
Keira looked up and was back to her old self again. “He’s probably on the verge of collapsing…”
If Connor couldn’t hang in there and go to Isla, the two of them would fall out. Keira could then produce evidence of Connor being the murderer. Once he was arrested, he would expose the secret that Finley took to his grave…
As they talked, they came to Lewis’s Bentley. As the car door opened, Keira immediately noticed that old Mrs. Horton was inside.
Old Mrs. Horton’s gaze fell upon their still holding hands… Her eyes lit up. “Well done, my boy!”
Keira had just realized that they were holding hands.
She instantly withdrew her hand, finding the spot where he’d gripped her wrist was hot.
To change the subject from the old lady’s amused expression, she asked, “Grandma, what are you doing here?”
Old Mrs. Horton promptly replied, “Of course, I came to pick up my granddaughter-in-law and take her home!”
“Home?”
“Yes!” Mrs. Horton seemed hopeful. “I’m sick of the hospital. My dear, since you can’t stay here anymore, why not come home with me?”
Just as Keira was about to refuse, old Mrs. Horton said, “If you don’t come home with me, I’ll just continue to stay in the hospital.”
II II
Old Mrs. Horton’s illness had long vanished. She had been pretending to be sick just to make Lewis and Keira stay by her side and spend more time together.
Lewis also said, “Miss Olsen, these reporters can be pretty persistent. Only the Horton family can ensure your safety. Please come stay with us for the time being..”
###Chapter 102 - 102: The Stolen Life (2)
Chapter 102 - 102: The Stolen Life (2)
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Keira said, “Okay.”
“Fantastic, my dear granddaughter-in-law, let’s go home!”
The car quickly entered House One Manor, winding along the driveway for ten minutes before entering the Horton residence
Despite not being her first visit, Keira still marveled at the size of the manor.
No wonder Isla was so keen to marry Jake and become the hostess here.
She was lost in her thoughts when their car pulled over.
Keira and Lewis helped old Mrs. Horton out of the car and into the living room.
As they entered, they saw Isla trying to appease Jake. “Jake, don’t be mad at me. I’ve already apologized to the Allen family. They won’t blame me anymore.”
Jake’s expression was foul. He initially tried to ignore her, but upon hearing the approaching footsteps and seeing Keira entering alongside Lewis, he stood up in surprise. “Keira, what are you doing in my house?!”
Before he could continue, old Mrs. Horton snapped. “I invited my granddaughter-in-law here! Got a problem with that?”
Jake was taken aback, “Granddaughter-in-law?”
Isla quickly said, “Jake, it seems like Great-grandma has mistaken Keira for Mr. Horton’s wife…”
Jake immediately glanced at Keira and Lewis, his brows furrowed.
Lewis suddenly emphasized each word. “Miss Olsen is our guest. She’ll be staying with the Hortons for a while.”
At the sound of these words, Isla clenched her fists even tighter, her eyes glowing with jealousy.
She voiced her disagreement. “Is this a good idea? Keira being labeled as a killer might bring trouble to the Horton family. If a reporter catches wind of her staying here, people might think we’re harboring her. This might even affect the Horton’s stock…”
Before she could say anything else, Lewis cut in with a cold voice, “The matters of the Horton family are none of your concern.”
Isla felt insulted and bit her lip in frustration.
Suddenly, Jake grabbed her hand. “Uncle Lewis, Isla is just concerned for the Horton family. After all, she’s my fiancee.”
A wave of happiness washed over Isla!
Despite her efforts to make up for her mistakes recently, Jake had been ignoring her. But now that he suddenly supported her, she realized he was using her to target Keira.
Isla was never one to be blinded by love. She knew what she had to do. Jake wouldn’t let her go because he still found her useful.
Now, what she needed to do was to stay here and get rid of Keira!
With this in mind, she gave Jake a nod and was about to speak when her phone suddenly rang.
Without thinking, she pulled out her phone and saw “Connor” flashing on the screen.
Now was a critical moment to win Jake back, so how could she take another man’s call?
She immediately hung up and went on. “Mr. Horton, I’m not against Keira. I’m just giving advice from a PR perspective. The Horton family should clear its name from any negativity. I…”
She heard the ringtone.
Her phone rang again.
Isla quickly picked up and hung up again.
Before she could say anything, the phone rang once more.
Jake’s face darkened, and he let go of her hand. “Just answer your phone!”
Isla immediately clenched her fists, gave Jake an apologetic smile, and answered the phone. “Hey, I’m busy. Can we talk later…”
Before she could finish speaking, Connor snapped. “What could be more important than me?”
Isla tried to calm him down. “There really is something…”
“I don’t care. I need you to come over right now! The reporters are surrounding me, and they’re all lashing out at me. Aunt Poppy is also here at my school, blocking my dorm door and calling me an ungrateful wretch! Doesn’t she always listen to you? Come here and take her away!”
Isla bit her lip and looked back at Jake. He was expecting her to do something, and it was the only time in the past few days he’d seemed content with her. She knew she couldn’t leave today.
Otherwise, Jake would truly be fed up with her!
Isla covered the phone and said to Jake, “I’m going to take this call and try to finish it as quickly as possible.”
Then she walked out the door.
Once she left, Keira and Lewis exchanged a glance.
Lewis immediately pulled out his phone and began tapping the screen. He then handed Keira a Bluetooth earphone.
The conversation between Isla and Connor was immediately transmitted into the earpiece.
She could hear Isla’s every word. “Connor, stop making a fuss. I have something very important going on now. You were just criticized a few times, right? Just bear with it a little longer…”
“I can’t bear it!” Connor yelled angrily. “You don’t know what it feels like. The way my classmates look at me—it’s all disgusted and disdainful looks. When I go to the canteen, even the people there won’t serve me food anymore! Wherever I go, I’m pointed at and whispered about. Isla, let’s run away and leave this city! We’ll find a place where no one knows us!”
Isla lost her patience and snapped back, “Enough! If we leave here, where would we go? Do you have money? Without any money, how are we supposed to live? In Oceanion, I’m Miss Olsen. If I go with you, could you provide me with the life I have now?”
Upon hearing this, Keira’s eyes narrowed a bit.
She thought it would take at least a couple of days before Isla and Connor would have a fallout, but it wasn’t even a full day before Connor lost his patience.
As she was contemplating this, she heard Connor roar on the phone, “I don’t have any money, but I can make sure that you can’t continue this life you’re living in Oceanion! Do you think your current lifestyle can last? This life you’re living now is actually all stolen from Keira!!”
###Chapter 103 - 103: Arrest
Chapter 103 - 103: Arrest
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Keira blinked slightly.
What did Isla steal from her?
While deep in thought, she heard Isla frantically defend herself. “What nonsense are you spouting?!”
“Did I hit a nerve?”
Connor, who had lost his composure at school, was taunting Isla relentlessly using her pain points against her. “Did you not steal Dr. South’s identity from’ her to win over Jake? Do you really think Jake would love you? He’s just interested in Dr. South! And then there’s the Allen family, you pretended to be Keira again, Isla. You seem quite familiar with this modus operandi!” Isla exploded in fury. “Connor Hill, shut your mouth!”
Connor sneered. “Why should I shut up when you’ve stolen something even more important from her? Do you want me to spell it out?” Something… more important? What could it be?!
Keira frowned.
Isla roared, “Shut up! Shut up!”
It seemed that Connor still had some expectations for her, so he didn’t bring up t at topic anymore, “Isla, I can stay silent, but you have to elope with me I’ll work hard to earn money and provide you with a better life…”
Isla took a deep breath and said resolutely, “You, a dropout, what can you give me what I want is the position of the mistress of the Horton family! Connor Hili, I’m not going with you!”
“You! Aren’t you afraid that I’ll reveal your secret?!” Connor growled with anger.
Isla chuckled. “Go ahead. Connor Hill, do you honestly believe that only you have leverage over me and that I have no leverage over you?”
Connor was stunned. “What do you mean?”
Isla seemed to have taken out a voice recorder, and after she turned it on there was first an electric current hiss, followed by Connor’s voice. “Isla, don’t worry I killed my father! He’ll never bother you again!”
Isla exclaimed, “How could you murder someone? You will end up in prison!” “No, I can pin the blame on Keira. Isla, I’ve removed these two annoying people for you at once. Remember, it’s all for your own good. I love you…”
The recording abruptly ended.
Isla laughed. “Connor, if you dare expose my secret, I’ll hand this over to the police! If I lose everything, your ending will be a thousand times worse than mine!”
Connor sounded horrified. “Isla, you can’t treat me like this!!”
“You and your father forced me first!” Isla’s voice was exuberant as she said quietly, “Connor, we both hold each other’s secrets, so let’s be at peace.” “How can I be at peace? I’m surrounded by reporters and attacked by my aunt’ I’m going crazy!”
Then suck it up!” Isla’s voice was ruthless.
It seemed that Connor was frightened by her. “Isla, don’t you care about my feelings at all? Don’t you love me?”
But Isla didn’t want to deal with him tactfully anymore. “Are you kidding me? If it wasn’t for your father forcing me to tutor you, would I have treated you like that. Every time I see you and your father, I feel sick! You’re parasites and blood-suckers! Connor Hill, don’t bother me again!”
Connor was stunned. “You never loved me?”
Isla sneered. “I only love myself! If you obey, we can continue as before If you threaten me again, don’t blame me for being unforgiving!”
Connor sobbed. “Isla, don’t scare me. If I’m caught by the police, I’ll expose your secret!”
After saying this, Connor hung up.
In the living room, Keira removed her earphones, her eyes shining brightly.
She took out her cell phone and sent a message to Holly. “You can arrest Connor Hill now.”
After sending the message, she looked up at Lewis.
Lewis immediately understood her meaning and nodded slightly.
Their tacit interaction made Jake feel very uncomfortable!
There must be something between his uncle and Keira. But how could that be? Keira should be his!
He clenched his fist, his eyes welling up with tears. “Uncle, wouldn’t Auntie be displeased with Keira living here and being mistaken as jer by Grandma?”
Lewis smiled. “She probably won’t mind. Isn’t that right, Miss Olsen?”
Keira raised an eyebrow, “That should be the case, Mr. Horton.”
Their conversation was polite and distant, but it was strangely sweet.
Jake’s anger escalated, and he was about to say something, but Isla walked in from outside. “Mr. Horton, the point isn’t Mrs. Horton’s attitude, but that Keira is now deep in a public opinion controversy. I just checked online. She actually attacked a reporter and even harmed her own mother. Mr. Horton, the video of you taking her away has been released, and now everyone is saying that the person shielding her is the Horton family…”
Isla handed her phone to Jake. Indeed, the public opinion online was all criticisms toward the Horton family.
-I was wondering, wasn’t she supposed to be a rich second-generation heiress? Why would she live there? It turns out it’s not because this murderer is powerful, but because someone is shielding her!”
“The person who came to save her had his face blurred, but I can reveal a bit.
That person looked a lot like someone from the H family…
“The H family, the richest in Oceanion?”
“Yes, them…”
Isla calmly said, “1 just checked the Horton Group’s stocks, and there has been a slight fluctuation. If journalists confirm that Keira is at the Horton’s, it’ll undoubtedly plummet immediately. Mr. Horton, surely you wouldn’t ’ jeopardize the Horton Group for a woman, right?”
Lewis straightened his sleeve, a smile still playing on his lips, but he didn’t say a word. ’
Jake echoed. “Uncle, you’re in charge of the Horton Group. If there’s a major blunder, Grandpa will definitely not let you off! Moreover, the shareholders of the Horton Group will also hold you responsible!”
Seeing that Lewis still remained silent, Isla turned towards Keira. “Keira, I know that you can’t stay at your rented house anymore. How about this, come home with me. The Olsen family has already been exposed anyway, so let’s not implicate the Horton family anymore… Old Mrs. Horton and Mr. Horton have been so good to you. You wouldn’t want to put them in a difficult position would you?”
Jake Horton immediately said, “Isla, you’re always reliable, not like some murderer. Once they manage to latch onto the Horton family, they stick around like plasters!”
Old Mrs. Horton immediately became enraged. “I was the one who invited her! Watch your language! Besides, she’s not a murderer! The police haven’t convicted her!”
Isla immediately said, “Great-grandma, as long as Keira’s suspicion isn’t cleared, she’ll have to carry this stigma…”
“Heh.”
Keira, who was playing with her phone, chuckled, her voice gentle. “How coincidental. It’s cleared now.”
She handed her phone to Isla.
It showed a photo taken by a reporter of Connor being arrested.
The color drained from Isla’s face instantly!!
###Chapter 104 - 104: The Truth
Chapter 104: The Truth 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira didn’t expect Connor to be arrested so soon. She didn’t realize that as soon as she named Connor as the murderer, Holly had already asked her colleagues at the police station to monitor him. 
So, when the message arrived, the arrest happened swiftly. 
What was more, due to the presence of journalists nearby, the whole process was filmed! 
When the police, followed by the journalists, arrived at Connor’s dormitory, Poppy was causing a fuss, hurling insults and hitting her nephew repeatedly, all while sobbing and cursing loudly. 
“You ungrateful boy, how could you write a letter of forgiveness to Keira? Do you have any respect for your deceased father? 
“You bastard, you sold your conscience for a bit of money! I’ll kill you today! You better retract that letter immediately! I want that ungrateful creature to rot in jail! She must pay for her actions! 
“You damn fool!” 
Despite being a man, Connor was rather frail and, surrounded by a crowd of students, he felt unable to fight back. 
Poppy, however, was a middle-aged woman with a strong hand, so Connor was left dodging her strikes and covering his head, unable to pull away from his aunt’s grip. 
Fortunately, the arrival of the police provided him with a timely rescue. 
Enthusiastically, he blurted out, “Officers, please, take this crazy woman away! She’s assaulting me!” 
Unfortunately, the officers simply walked up to him. “Hello, you are suspected of murder. Please cooperate with our investigation.” 
Hearing this, both the surrounding journalists and Poppy were dumbfounded. 
Poppy regained her composure to speak, “Yes, take him away. Make him retract that letter of forgiveness! I won’t accept it! I want the murderer to die! Die!” 
At her words, a nearby journalist inquired, 
“Officer, we’re confused. Why are you arresting Connor for murder? Shouldn’t you be arresting the suspect?” 
“Could it be because he was paid for the letter of forgiveness?” 
“When will you arrest Miss Olsen? The murder suspect is out on bail awaiting trial. Why are you here arresting the victim? What’s the reason?” 
“Have you been pressured by the wealthy family? Is there some kind of collusion going on?” 
Poppy shouted, “You should be arresting Keira Olsen! She’s the murderer! Shoot her!” 
Ordinarily, the police wouldn’t need to explain their actions to the public, but considering the widespread repercussions of this case, the officers applied for permission from their superiors before reluctantly addressing the journalists. 
At the Horton residence… 
Isla was as pale as a sheet. Looking at the resolve on Keira’s face, she felt a pang of fear. 
Could it be as she had imagined? 
Jake said “Uncle, are you watching? Even the journalists are starting to mention our family! Soon, people will find out that the wealthy family they’re referring to is the Horton family! Are you really going to protect a murderer?” 
Lewis spoke in a somber tone, “Did you ever consider why the police are arresting Connor rather than Keira?” 
Jake scoffed. “Why would that be? Surely it’s because they need more evidence from Connor Hill, right? I mean, Connor Hill can’t be the murderer, can he?” 
Isla turned even paler at his words, her gaze fixated nervously on the scene unfolding on her phone screen. 
Just then, the police officer spoke. “We have evidence that Connor Hill is the murderer. He has made false accusations against Miss Olsen, so we’re taking him into custody for further interrogation.” 
Once these words were spoken, the journalists at the scene were dumbfounded. 
Everyone began shouting. 
“How is that possible?” 
“That’s right! The victim is Connor Hill’s father! How could he be the murderer? Isn’t this a forced confession? Just to clear that woman’s name?” 
Poppy, who had just violently confronted Connor, couldn’t bear to see her only nephew be executed. She abruptly stood in front of him, glaring angrily at the officers. “What nonsense are you speaking? How could Connor kill my brother?! Is this a setup by Keira Olsen? Did she bribe you to frame him?” 
The police officers remained stoic and serious. “We won’t be lenient with any criminals, nor would we wrongfully accuse anyone. We have substantial and conclusive evidence.” 
“What evidence? Unless you show us, you can’t take him away!” 
Poppy continued to block Connor. 
Connor swallowed hard. Being skilled at deception, he portrayed himself as a victim and pleaded to the camera. “I didn’t kill him. Aunt, please help me. I’ve already issued a letter forgiving Keira. What more do they want from me?” 
The journalists were immediately misguided. 
They gathered around Connor. 
“Right now, we’re questioning your judicial fairness. Without sufficient evidence, you can’t take him away!” 
“From the sound of it, wasn’t the letter of forgiveness given involuntarily? There must be some conspiracy!” 
“Until this point, we’ve been stationed outside the wealthy H family’s mansion, yet we’ve seen no sign of any arrests. Instead, you’re arresting the victim. Are some people really above the law? Is your plan to arrest the victim’s family, so there’s no one left to protest?” 
These uncertain voices came out of the phone. 
Jake continued his questioning. “Uncle, did you pressure the police station or are you slandering Connor Hill? Do you hear that? The public isn’t blind. You can’t protect her with these underhanded tactics! With so many people watching, will you really disregard the Horton family’s reputation for this woman?” 
As he questioned, one of the officers took out a phone and played a recording. 
The recording captured a conversation between Isla and Connor. 
“Isla, don’t worry. I killed my dad! He won’t bother you anymore!” 
“How could you kill someone? You’ll go to jail for that!” 
“No, I’ve framed Keira for it. Isla, I’ve taken care of both annoying people for you. I did it all for you. Remember that, I love you…” 
Upon hearing these words, Connor shot a disbelieving look at the officers. 
At the Horton residence, Isla swayed slightly, almost losing her balance. 
She stared wide-eyed and in disbelief at the video on her phone… 
How could this be… That was impossible! 
How did this recording end up in the hands of the police?! 
If Connor was arrested because of this recording, would he think she was behind it? 
But then… 
She swallowed nervously, hastily taking out her phone to call Connor. 
Just when she was about to dial, Connor’s voice came from the phone.. “It was Isla! She’s behind it! That damn woman! I want to see Keira Olsen, I need to speak to her!!”
###Chapter 105 - 105: Give Up
Chapter 105: Give Up 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
No one paid attention to Connor’s desperate roar at that moment. 
When the police played the recording, they had already convinced the reporters. 
The police continued. “Of course, this recording alone cannot prove that he’s the murderer. We also found his discarded phone, and after restoring its settings, we uncovered several recordings of the victim from that day that matched what Miss Olsen had said earlier. This is enough to prove that he had killed the victim before Miss Olsen arrived and tried to frame her. We have sufficient evidence to make an arrest, and here is the warrant!” 
After the police showed the warrant, the reporters in front of them immediately dispersed. 
The police swiftly apprehended Connor and left quickly. 
The live broadcast ended there. 
The Horton family. 
The sudden turn of events caught everyone off guard. 
Lewis looked at Jake with a grave expression. “Miss Olsen isn’t the murderer, and I hope I won’t hear that word from you again!” 
Jake fell silent. 
Just then, the butler suddenly entered the room. “Sir, there are police officers outside. They want Miss Olsen to go to the police station and assist with the investigation.” 
Upon hearing this, Jake found his courage again. “Uncle, even if she isn’t the murderer, she’s still connected to this case! It’s unlucky for someone to keep going to the police station. It’s not suitable for her to stay in the Horton residence.” 
But as soon as he finished speaking, the butler coughed and said sheepishly, “They’re looking for… Miss Isla Olsen.” 
Jake Horton was shocked. 
He looked at Isla, baffled, and asked, “What does this case have to do with you? Why do they want you there?!” 
Isla’s face turned pale; she was disoriented and stumbled, staring blankly at Jake. “Jake, I, I…” 
Her mind was full of Connor, and she couldn’t bring herself to comfort Jake immediately. 
Keira, observing the scene, said with a smile, “Don’t be nervous. The police want to see Isla probably for the case investigation. In that recording just now, the person talking to Connor on the phone was Isla, right? Isla, after Connor committed the murder, why did he call you?” 
Isla swallowed nervously, clenched her fists, and upon seeing Jake’s confused gaze, she rushed to explain, “I… I don’t know. I felt sorry for him before and gave him some money, and he just clung to me…” 
Keira looked down. “So, you’re saying that you gave the recording to the police. After all, only you would have a recording of your conversation, right?” 
Isla wanted to deny it, but Keira took a step closer, looking straight into her eyes, “After all, if it wasn’t you, why would you cover for him?” 
II II 
Isla realized she had been backed into a corner. 
After all, she couldn’t provide a better explanation! 
She clenched her fists and could only nod, “…Yes, it was me.” 
“No wonder the police came to ask for your cooperation in the investigation. When you get to the station, you’ll certainly tell the police the truth, won’t you?” 
Isla was speechless 
She took a deep breath and turned around sheepishly, preparing to follow the butler out when Keira suddenly looked at Jake, “Aren’t you going with her?” 
Jake was taken aback. 
Keira raised an eyebrow, “She’s your fiancee. Don’t you care about her? After all, the police station is an ominous place.” 
Provoked by her words, Jake immediately went to Isla Olsen’s side. “I’ll go with you.” 
Isla was shocked. 
She didn’t need him there! 
But Jake Horton didn’t give her the chance to refuse and followed her out the door. 
Inside the police station. 
In the interrogation room, a police officer asked, “Please tell us, what exactly is your relationship with Connor?” 
Isla explained, “I have no relationship with him. Back in junior high, I saw him being ostracized by classmates and felt pity for him, so I helped him with a few lessons, but then he clung to me, calling me frequently over the years…” 
The police officer asked, “After he committed murder, he called you first. Why didn’t you encourage him to turn himself in?” 
With Jake standing right beside her, Isla dared not speak carelessly and continued to distance herself from the incident. “I never imagined he would go so far as to kill his own father. I was truly shocked. It’s the first time in my life I’ve heard of someone committing murder and then trying to frame someone else… I’ve been blaming myself this whole time. I urged him to turn himself in, but he wouldn’t listen and even threatened to kill me if I spoke out. Comrade officer, can you please not inform him of our conversation today? I’m afraid he’ll retaliate against me after he’s released.” 
“Of course, we’ll protect the witness.” 
The police officer then said, “So the anonymous recording we received was actually sent by you, right?” 
Isla paused for a moment, then admitted with reluctance. “Yes, I wanted to do something to help solve the case…” 
“After receiving the recording you sent, we were able to identify the killer and promptly find his discarded cell phone. Otherwise, a few more days and a little rain would have ruined the phone and all the incriminating audio files inside it, making us lose the most effective evidence…” 
The police officer interviewing Isla stood up. “On behalf of the police station, I thank you for providing the evidence!” 
Isla waved her hand. “It’s nothing. It’s what any citizen should do…” 
The police officer pointed toward the door. “Good, thank you for your cooperation. I’ll escort you out.” 
Isla and Jake walked out together, and on the way, she asked, “Sir, you won’t tell Connor about our conversation, will you? He’s very gloomy, and his gaze is really intimidating, so I hope you can take protective measures. I don’t want him to find out.” 
The police officer nodded. “I assure you. He won’t be told.” 
Isla left the police station looking uneasy. 
After walking out of the police station, she looked back again. 
It was already dark outside. The entrance was brightly lit, and the inside was just as bright with many officers moving about, taking notes and working diligently. 
She wondered in which interrogation room Connor could be… 
However, Isla tightened her jaw, took a deep breath, and a hint of scorn flashed through her eyes. 
That was for the best. Sending Connor Hill away would mean he could no longer pester her! 
“What are you thinking about? Get in the car!” 
The sound of Jake’s voice brought Isla back to her senses. 
She lowered her head. “Jake, I’m a bit scared of being retaliated against…” 
“Don’t worry. I’m here.” 
Jake protected her and led her to the car. 
They didn’t see that on the third floor of the police station, in a room with the lights off, Connor stood at the window, gazing down with a sinister look. “Snap!” 
The light was turned on in the room. 
Keira, Lewis, and Holly were sitting in the room watching him. 
Keira tapped the table.. “You heard the interrogation just now, right? You also saw what’s happening downstairs, so, do you have something you want to say to me?”
###Chapter 106 - 106: Parentage
Chapter 106: Parentage 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Connor’s gaze was dark as he looked downstairs. 
At this moment, he probably knew that everything was settled, and there were no more reasons to resist or deny it, so he appeared much calmer than he did during the live broadcast. 
He was handcuffed, standing there. 
He turned around and then obediently sat at the interrogation table, his face showing a mix of anger and struggle. 
His eyes were bloodshot as he glared at Holly, “What you did is against the rules!” 
Holly lowered the gaze. “We were in debt to Miss Olsen and Mr. Horton. They didn’t hold us accountable, so helping her with this small favor is nothing. Even if the department punishes me, at most I’ll get a demerit. I’m not afraid.” Connor angrily slapped the table. “You can’t do this to me; it’s too cruel!” “Cruel?” Keira stepped forward, closing in on him. “Is it more cruel than you murdering your own father with your own hands? Connor Hill, stop playing the innocent here. You’ve seen Isla’s true color; you don’t need to keep her secret anymore.” 
But Connor clutched at his head. “I don’t believe it! She couldn’t possibly have set me up! How could she! There’s no benefit to her in doing this! You people must be playing tricks!” 
Keira slowly said, “No benefit? Who says so?” 
She stood up straight and looked toward Lewis. “Mr. Horton, these past few days, Isla has been trying to reconcile with Jake, but it seems he hasn’t agreed to meet her, has he?” 
Lewis went along. “The Horton family wouldn’t welcome a woman who steals others’ credit.” 
Keira smiled. “What about now? After her successful report, the police station will award her a commendation for bravery.” 
After finishing her statement, Keira winked at Lewis. 
She stood gracefully, her cunning and seductive eyes giving others a sense of profound affection. Her gesture at that moment was more enchanting than any other people, which was quite tempting. 
Lewis swallowed, and his eyes darkened slightly. 
He withdrew his gaze and played along. “The Horton family needs this kind of positive image. Didn’t you see? Jake’s attitude toward her has softened.” Keira raised an eyebrow, expressing her thanks to him. 
She then looked at Connor. “Hear that? She did all this to get that award, and then to knock on Horton family’s door.” 
Connor’s eyes were about to split with fury. “Shut up!” 
Keira slowly closed in. “So, you’re really okay with her stepping on you to climb up? You’d spend the rest of your life in prison, while she could marry into the Horton family and become the young madam…” 
“I said, shut up!” 
Connor suddenly stood up. Even wearing handcuffs, he lunged at Keira Olsen! “Watch out!” 
“Be careful!” 
Holly and Lewis didn’t expect his sudden rage, and they immediately cried out in warning, but in the next moment, they saw Keira raise her hand and seize Connor’s wrist, pressing it hard onto the table! 
“Bang!” 
The handcuffs and table collided, making a loud noise. 
Connor tried to struggle again, but Keira casually pinned him down, and he couldn’t move an inch. 
He bared his teeth in a smile. “Keira, you think by doing this, I’ll tell you that secret? Give it up! I won’t say anything!” 
Keira paused slightly. 
Holly had already stepped forward, quickly binding the handcuffs to the interrogation table’s chair, preventing him from lashing out again. 
Keira released her hold on him, her brow furrowed in inquiry. “You asked me to come here, saying you had something to say.” 
“I don’t anymore.” 
Connor looked at her and Holly. “I confess, but as the victim’s son, I have the right to write a letter of mercy for myself, right? That bastard drove me to a desperate situation. That’s why I did it! I shouldn’t be sentenced to death right?” 
Keira frowned. 
Something seemed off about Connor. 
She gave Holly a meaningful glance, and the two of them stepped out of the interrogation room. 
Keira asked first, “Will you really be disciplined because of this?” 
No, Holly said, her pretty face still tense, as she explained. “You didn’t hold us accountable, and you presented the evidence. Captain Lincoln and the others feel guilty about it. They’d be more than willing to help with this small favor. Besides, we have never failed to protect the privacy of those who report crimes. Isla isn’t the person who provided the evidence, anyway.” 
Keira then breathed a sigh of relief. 
It was good that Holly hadn’t really been implicated. 
She frowned. “Doesn’t Connor’s attitude seem a bit off?” 
Upon hearing this, Holly said, “That’s exactly what I was about to tell you. I just asked the colleagues who arrested him, and they said that at the time of his arrest, he was screaming about wanting to see you. But then suddenly, he calmed down and stopped shouting as if he had resigned himself to his fate.” Keira frowned and suddenly asked, “Can I see his phone?” 
“Sure.” 
When Connor was arrested, all his personal belongings were confiscated. 
The colleague who fetched Connor’s phone had also been involved in the arrest, and he explained, “It was after looking at his phone that Connor suddenly calmed down.” 
Scratching his head, he added. “After we arrested him and asked him to hand over his phone, there was a message he saw. He tried to delete it, but we stopped him.” 
Keira turned on his phone, and quickly checked his call history and messages, but found nothing. Then she opened WhatsApp. 
His WhatsApp was blowing up. Classmates and relatives were bombarding him with inquiries in group chats. 
Keira ignored them all and scrolled down. 
She came across the last message he had opened, which was sent by Isla. 
As Keira opened it, her pupils shrank slightly at the sight of the picture. 
She whirled around and strode back into the interrogation room, positioning herself directly in front of Connor. “Are you not telling me because Isla is pregnant? Is it your child?” 
The last message Isla sent to Connor was a pregnancy test result! 
The date of conception was clearly written on it. 
Connor laughed. “What are you talking about? I don’t understand. Isla’s child is, of course, Mr. Horton’s, since she’s about to marry him and become his wife…” According to the date, it was his child! 
Although Connor despised Isla so much he wished she would die with him, it 
was different now that Isla was carrying his child! 
All his life, he could only live in his father’s shadow, looked down upon by others… Since childhood, he swore never to let his own child live this life! 
Now, his child was about to become a Horton, destined for glory and riches from birth. So even if Isla betrayed him, what did it matter? As long as she could give birth to his child… 
Keira observed Connor’s expression, knowing he wouldn’t speak anymore. 
But she wasn’t disappointed. Instead, she suddenly leaned forward, her whole demeanor becoming confrontational. “Connor, let me tell you a secret.” “What?” 
“Actually, we’ve been monitoring your phone. Every conversation you had with Isla, I heard it all.” 
Connor froze. 
But Keira smirked. “Did you think that if you didn’t tell me the secret, I wouldn’t be able to guess it? You said Isla stole my life, so, this secret is obviously related to my own identity!” 
Connor’s pupils contracted sharply! 
Keira knew then that she had guessed correctly! 
She and Isla Olsen were both Taylor’s daughters, and the only possible issue concerning their identity was….
###Chapter 107 - 107: Confirm
Chapter 107: Confirm 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira’s eyes flashed with a bright light, and she felt as if her life had suddenly burst into splendid color. 
Could it be as she had guessed? 
Mrs. Olsen was her mother… 
Only this reason could explain why Isla had been blackmailed by Finley for so many years, and also why Connor would say that Isla had stolen Keira’s life. 
Keira felt a seed of hope deep within her suddenly take root and sprout rapidly. “If you say it is, then it is.” 
However, Connor spoke up, his eyes showing a hint of relaxation. 
His sudden change of demeanor made Keira frown, unable to grasp his intentions for a moment. 
Connor was like a rat in the dark. After killing Finley, he put on an act of unjust fear, deceiving both Captain Lincoln and Holly. 
At this moment, his demeanor made Keira uncertain of the truth. 
But she wasn’t in a hurry. “Connor, I’ll find out after a DNA test. What use is there in hiding it so well?” 
Keira stood up straight, narrowing her eyes. “You always said that your dad treated you badly and that you’re burdened by so much debt, which is why you killed him, but you’ve always known, haven’t you? Isla was forced by your dad to tutor you. Your dad had so much gambling debt, yet you always had money for school fees and living expenses, even if it was meager. Even in the end, your dad told you that secret, also wanting you to continue blackmailing Isla… 
So, it’s not that you had no choice. You’ve always been a bad person…” 
Upon hearing this, Connor suddenly looked up, his gaze frighteningly fixed on her. 
But Keira had already turned and left the interrogation room. She nodded to Holly, who then had people take Connor to the detention center. 
Keira asked, “What sentence will he receive?” 
Holly said, “Death sentence with a suspension, usually. When the execution is suspended, he won’t be executed. He’ll most likely face life imprisonment in the end.” 
“As long as he doesn’t die.” 
Keira said, “If I guessed wrong, that secret still has to be squeezed out of him in the end.” 
Unable to help herself, Holly asked, “Isn’t he completely devoted to Isla? Will he still talk?” 
Keira glanced at her. “You really don’t know Isla very well.” 
Holly paused, then turned her head away. “Back in middle school, I only knew you, and she was only your sister…” 
Speaking of the past, Keira couldn’t help but probe, “Back then…” 
Holly stiffened slightly. 
Keira knew she cared a lot about the events of that year, so she said softly with downcast eyes, “Back then, I didn’t mean to deceive you.” 
Holly’s eyes immediately reddened. “Then why didn’t you properly take the middle school examination? We had an agreement to get into the best high schools together and to study hard together. I know how excellent your grades were!” 
Keira gave a wry smile. “Can’t you just think of it as a performance slip?” “No!” Holly Sims said earnestly, “You had already self-studied the high school curriculum in middle school. You could have done well even with one eye closed. How could you not do well in your exam?” 
Keira sighed silently. 
Although she moved out from the Olsen family during middle school, she and Isla were still at the same school. 
Back then, during the middle school exams, she had agreed with Holly to get into the best high school. 
But the night before the exam, Poppy came to her, demanding that she not take the exam. If she dared to tangle with Isla and attend the same high school, Poppy wouldn’t let her off the hook. 
Keira feared that telling Holly in advance might affect her performance. 
She just made sure she got a score that was low enough. 
After the results came out, she tried to explain, but Holly just wouldn’t listen to her. 
Later on, Keira was busy working part-time jobs to earn money for living expenses and tuition and gradually lost contact with Holly. 
But Holly was the first female friend in Keira’s life, and Keira always thought of her. 
She lowered her head and explained, “You saw it for yourself. Poppy is my mother, and she practically wishes me dead. She wouldn’t let me and Isla attend the same high school.” 
Holly immediately said, “Then you could have told me, and we could have attended an ordinary high school together.” 
“Holly Sims,” Keira Olsen suddenly called out her name gravely, then slowly lifted her head. “You were born a specially privileged woman, but my life was in shambles to its very core. I couldn’t bear the weight of your dreams and brilliant life.” 
Holly was stunned. 
During the university entrance exams, she had seen too many young couples, who, despite scoring high, would choose a mediocre university for the sake of love. 
Back then, it felt romantic. 
But only after leaving school did she realize how naive that had been. 
She suddenly understood Keira, and her eyes became teary. “I understand now.” 
Keira patted her shoulder and continued to head out. 
Holly suddenly asked in a muffled voice, “How about your wedding banquet with Mr. Horton? Was it a lot of fun?” 
Keira paused. 
Holly continued. “We’d agreed that when either of us got married, we would be each other’s bridesmaid. You thought I had blacklisted all your contact information, huh? That’s why you didn’t call me…” 
Keira felt a warmth in her eyes. “We haven’t even had a wedding ceremony yet.” “What?” Holly lifted her head, her eyes suddenly lighting up. “That’s good.” After saying so, she felt embarrassed, so she looked upward. “Um, I don’t mean you have to have me as your bridesmaid. I’m saying, when you got married, at least you could send me an invitation…” 
“But I do want you to be my bridesmaid,” Keira said jokingly. “So, Miss Holly Sims, can you unblock me? Otherwise, how am I supposed to send an invitation?” 
Holly immediately muttered, “I’ve already done that…” 
She sulked all summer but already unblocked Keira’s number in their freshman year of high school. 
But Keira had never reached out to her. 
Keira didn’t catch what she said. “What?” 
Holly looked up, saying pretentiously, “I said, I would let you off. But if you want me to be your bridesmaid, you have to prepare a big bonus.” 
“Okay.” 
Keira smiled, teasing Holly. “Then you’d better not dress too beautifully that day. Don’t steal my thunder.” 
Holly Sims instantly blushed. ‘What are you talking about? I’m busy. I’ve got to go.” 
After she ran off, Keira Olsen finally stood up straight. 
Turning around, she caught sight of Lewis standing there, quietly watching her. 
Keira thought about what she had just said to Holly about the wedding and instantly felt uneasy. She hurriedly explained, “Mr. Horton, don’t misunderstand. I didn’t mean I don’t want a divorce…” 
Lewis’s eyes were brooding, and he lowered his gaze. “I know.” 
The two left the police station and got into the car. Lewis asked, “Are we going to the Olsen family?” 
“Yes.” 
Keira couldn’t wait any longer. She needed to get a DNA test with Mrs.. Olsen!
###Chapter 108 - 108: Go!
Chapter 108: Go! 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The Bentley sped along the road. 
Keira, who usually drove carefully due to her anemia, still felt it was too slow. 
She had never looked forward to anything as much as she did today in her entire life. 
If she was indeed Mrs. Olsen’s daughter… 
The mere thought of the possibility put a smile in her eyes. 
The car quickly arrived at the Olsen residence. Keira hopped out and waved to Lewis. “Mr. Horton, wait for me here.” 
After saying that, she turned to enter the house. 
But just at that moment, the front door of the Olsen house suddenly opened, and Taylor and Mrs. Olsen hurried out. 
Taylor’s arm was covered in blood, and his face was extremely pale. 
Mrs. Olsen, supporting his uninjured arm, looked frantic. “Taylor, how are you feeling? Are you dizzy? We’re going to the hospital right now…” 
The Olsen family’s driver had taken the day off and wasn’t there. 
Aunt South couldn’t drive. 
Taylor’s arms were trembling so much that he couldn’t possibly drive. 
As Mrs. Olsen grew anxious, she saw Keira and Lewis, and her eyes lit up. “Keira, hurry, take your father and me to the hospital!” 
In this life-threatening situation, Keira didn’t think about anything else and immediately ushered the two into the car. 
They arrived at the hospital very quickly. 
Taylor must have lost a lot of blood and was now somewhat weak. 
Mrs. Olsen alone couldn’t support him. 
Seeing this, Keira, without any hint of distaste, helped Taylor onto the emergency room stretcher. 
A nurse immediately rushed over, and upon seeing the situation, exclaimed in surprise. “The patient needs a transfusion! Do you know your blood type?” 
“I do,” Taylor answered weakly. “It’s type AB.” 
The nurse immediately sprang into action, shouting, “AB blood, quickly, bring it from the blood bank! The patient has lost so much blood that he needs immediate replenishment!” 
Taylor was helped onto the emergency bed, and the nurses pushed it toward the operating room at a run. 
Mrs. Olsen followed close by the gurney, clasping Taylor’s hands, urging desperately, “Taylor, you mustn’t fall asleep. Don’t sleep…” 
The two soon disappeared down the corridor. 
Keira stood dazedly at the entrance of the hospital, watching the direction they had gone, her pretty face turning pale. 
All the joy and anticipation she had just moments ago vanished in an instant. 
She widened her eyes, looking in the direction Taylor had gone in disbelief. It was as if she had been plunged into an icy river amidst a snowy landscape. A chill suddenly infiltrated her heart. 
She stood there, dazed. 
Lewis, who had entered with her, noticed her distress and immediately asked, “Miss Olsen? What’s wrong?” 
Keira stared ahead. “Did you hear that?” 
“What?” 
“His blood type is AB.” 
Lewis paused, taken aback. 
“But I am O-type blood.” 
A smile tried to form on Keira’s face, but it looked worse than tears. 
Lewis clenched his jaw tightly. 
It was then that Poppy, having received the news, burst in. “Taylor, oh Taylor, how are you? Where are you? Don’t scare me!” 
Seeing Keira, she immediately rushed over and grabbed her arm. “Where’s your dad? Which ward is he in? Is he alright?” 
Keira looked straight at her, suddenly letting out a low laugh. “Are you sure Mr. Olsen is my dad?” 
These words instantly filled Poppy’s eyes with panic. “What nonsense are you talking about? Of course, he’s your dad!” 
Keira scoffed, her voice filled with helplessness. “Are you sure, a father with AB blood type can have an O-type blood daughter?” 
These words turned Poppy’s face pale! 
Almost reflexively, she covered Keira’s mouth forcefully then pulled her outside the hospital. 
Dazed, Keira followed her to a deserted area outside, where Poppy finally let go, her expression panicked. She lowered her voice to a furious whisper. “Shut up! If you’re not Taylor’s daughter, how can I continue to stay with the Olsen family?!” 
Keira’s eyes hardened. “So, he really isn’t my father. Then who is my father?” 
Poppy’s eyes flickered. She was clearly guilty and flustered. “How should I know? I was seeing several men at that time…” 
She continued, her expression gradually becoming resolute. “That’s right. I was just using you to get into the Olsen family. How else could a family like ours be connected to the Olsen family? That’s why I always told you to keep your distance from your dad when you were growing up. I was afraid of being discovered! I told you to cater to Isla’s every whim for the same reason. The Olsen family doesn’t owe you anything; it is you who owe the Olsen family!” 
Keira Olsen clenched her fists: “When I was four years old, you deliberately sent me to traffickers, was it for this reason too?” 
“Right, if you disappeared, I wouldn’t have to worry about being discovered!” 
After declaring this brazenly, Poppy Hill waved her hand impatiently: “Don’t look like someone whose dad’s dead. Since you and Taylor weren’t even close, what does it matter if he’s your biological father? Now that you’ve left the Olsen family, you’re no longer related to them! I warn you, don’t spout any nonsense in front of the Olsens and ruin my opportunity!” 
With those words, Poppy rushed back toward Taylor’s hospital ward. 
Keira stood still, stunned. 
She seemed to have completely forgotten her original purpose of visiting the Olsen residence. 
Seeing this, Lewis suddenly took her wrist and led her toward the ward. “Weren’t you going to do a DNA test with Mrs. Olsen? Come on..”
###Chapter 109 - 109: Look Alike
Chapter 109: Look Alike 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira, however, remained standing in place, motionless. 
She clenched her fists tightly, the moonlight casting upon her cool countenance, making her voice seem as if it were coated in a layer of ice. “Don’t bother.” 
Lewis pondered for a moment before speaking. “Actually, even if he’s not your father, Mrs. Olsen could still possibly be your…” 
“Don’t say it.” Keira Olsen interrupted him. 
The moment he uttered “mother”, it would tarnish Mrs. Olsen’s character! 
She lowered her eyes and spoke slowly, “Although Taylor was mean to me, he has always loved Mrs. Olsen, and that has never changed. With such a husband, how could Mrs. Olsen possibly have an affair? Let’s not insult her. 
Lewis’s jaw tensed as he tried to argue, but he remained silent. 
Keira Olsen’s lips curled into a self-deprecating smile. “1 always thought that the status of an illegitimate daughter was already quite sordid, but I never imagined it could get even worse…” 
Lewis wanted to say something to comfort her, but Keira gestured with her 
hand. “I need a moment alone.” 
“Alright.” 
Lewis said quietly, taking a step back silently to give her ample space. 
Poppy approached the hospital room nervously, and from outside the door, she heard the conversation between Mrs. Olsen and Taylor, which mentioned 
Keira. 
Mrs. Olsen said, “After all, you and Keira are father and daughter. She was very nervous about you just now. You should be nicer to her in the future.” Taylor, who had stopped bleeding and whose vital signs were stable, sighed. “You should be nicer to Isla…” 
Mrs. Olsen suddenly lowered her voice, “Taylor, don’t be like this. You know very well that I was pregnant before marrying you, and I haven’t been able to give you a child after that. Keira is your real daughter…” 
■■Don’t talk like that,” Taylor said with a smile. “When we got married, I already said that your daughter would be my daughter. Shirley, over these years, I’ve kept my word.” 
Mrs. Olsen’s eyes welled up with grateful tears. “You’ve kept your word, but it’s so unfair to Keira, and it’s too unfair to you…” 
“The fact that you could give up the prosperity of Clance and live with me in simplicity in Oceanion, I’m already very content. What’s unfair about that? Let’s not talk about this anymore.” 
Taylor smiled. “Besides, you’ve been so good to Keira over the years. Wasn’t that also out of a sense of redress? Shirley, she’s the result of Poppy’s scheming against me. I’ve never considered her as my daughter; you really don’t need to do this.” 
Mrs. Olsen looked stunned. 
At first, she might have indeed been kind to Keira with that thought in mind, but as they gradually got to know each other, she genuinely grew fond of Keira… 
Poppy stood outside the door, her face flushing red with anger. 
She indeed had seduced Taylor by drugging him back then, and after getting pregnant, she even went through with amniocentesis to confirm the child was Taylor’s, but even after that, Taylor still wouldn’t accept her. 
It was Mrs. Olsen who later brought her into the Olsen family. 
Mrs. Olsen might seem virtuous, but in truth, her acceptance of her and the child was due to her guilt toward Taylor! 
All the benefits and the reputation for virtue had been taken by her! 
Fortunately… 
The thought of how she had just berated Keira, coupled with the sight of Keira’s disbelief, rose a twisted sense of elation within Poppy. 
She wouldn’t let Keira off the hook. She intended to make Keira live a lifetime in the pain and struggle of her identity! 
Nor would she let Mrs. Olsen go. She intended to ensure that Mrs. Olsen and Keira, the mother and daughter, could never know their real relationship! A hint of madness crept onto Poppy’s face, twisting into a crazed smile. 
Keira didn’t know how long she had stood there. 
She was right at the edge of the hospital entrance steps, which was a place untouched by the light. She watched those people coming and going through the hospital entrance. 
They were either joyful or sorrowful, their expressions so vivid and bright. 
Her mood, however, was as dull as ashes. 
She didn’t know how long had passed when suddenly a warmth landed on her shoulder. 
Keira turned her head and realized that Lewis had draped his jacket over her, the warmth shielding her from the cruelty of this world. 
“Actually…” 
Lewis hesitated for a long time before he finally spoke but only managed to utter a single word. He didn’t know how to comfort her. 
While he was still struggling, Keira said, “I’m fine, don’t worry. 
Lewis was startled and then saw Keira slowly lift her head. She walked from the darkness toward the light, the defeatist aura around her slowly dissipating. 
Appreciation flashed in Lewis’s eyes. 
He had initially been attracted to Keira because of her resilience. 
It seemed that no matter what, if she was knocked down, she could immediately stand up again. 
She wasn’t a fragile and powerless flower. Inside her slender body seemed to be a wealth of energy, making her overly seductive exterior seem unapproachable and dazzling. 
Lewis’s lips curved with an almost imperceptible smile, and he found a topic to discuss. “Miss Olsen, what do you think is the secret that Finley Hill and Connor Hill keep talking about?” 
“I’m not in a hurry.” Keira cocked her head, looking wild and laughing unrestrainedly. “Connor Hill will tell me in the end.” 
Lewis played along with her. “Really? I would love to hear more.” “You don’t know Isla,” Keira Olsen said slowly. “After this is over, she won’t allow something dangerous to affect her future. 
Lewis was taken aback, “What do you mean?” 
“Just wait and see.” 
Keira teased him. “In at most half a month, Isla will destroy herself.” 
Lewis nodded, “I’ll await the good news.” 
Neither of them spoke again, just quietly looking at each other. 
Tonight was probably the first time Keira didn’t feel lonely in the dead of night as if on the road of life, she didn’t always have to walk forward alone… 
Not far away. 
Mr. and Mrs. Allen took a walk in the hospital after Rebecca had gone to sleep. Coincidentally, they arrived at the emergency room entrance. 
just when they were about to walk straight past it, Mrs. Allen suddenly turned her head, looking at Keira in surprise. “Wait.” 
Mr. Allen was startled and followed her gaze. 
The night was a bit dark, and Keira stood under a streetlamp, its dim light spilling across the silhouette of her face, softening her sharp features significantly. 
Especially at that moment when she looked at Lewis, her eyes were tender and resolute. 
Her neck was slender, and her demeanor was independent, carrying a distinctive charm about her. 
The sight froze Mr. Allen on the spot. 
The image of meeting Lady South more than twenty years ago suddenly flashed in his mind; it was such an evening, with Lady South appearing aloof from the world. 
The woman in her forties stood sideways to him, gazing at the sky. 
The two silhouettes began to overlap… It seemed like Lady South’s face in his memory became clearer! 
Mr. Allen was instantly excited. He hurriedly took a few steps toward Keira and subconsciously called out, “Lady South!” 
Keira, hearing that name, paused slightly..
###Chapter 110 - 110: The Truth About Getting the Certificate
Chapter 110: The Truth About Getting the Certificate 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira turned her head and saw Mr. Allen, looking somewhat disconcerted. She frowned and hesitated before asking, “Uncle Allen, what did you just call me?” Mr. Allen snapped back to reality. 
He looked at Keira in confusion, sizing her up uncertainly, “Lady…” 
Someone tugged on his sleeve. 
Mrs. Allen walked up to him, cutting off his words. “It’s nothing, your Uncle Allen’s eyes are playing tricks on him. Keira, what are you doing here?” Keira Olsen replied, “Mr. Olsen was hospitalized, so I just brought him over.” She looked up at the floors above, then lowered her eyes. “But now I need to go now.”? & 
“Okay,” Mrs. Allen said with a smile. “It’s getting dark; you should head home and get some rest.” 
Keira asked, “When will you return to Clance?” 
Mrs. Allen smiled and said, “There’s no rush. Although the rehabilitation medical care here in Oceanion isn’t as good as in Clance, it’s sufficient for Rebecca. She was worried about you and didn’t want to leave. Now even though you’re fine, we can’t abruptly change the rehabilitation training plan she has started, so we’re not leaving yet.” 
Keira nodded, “Then I’ll come visit Rebecca when I have some free time.” 
“Sure.” 
After Keira and Lewis left, Mrs. Allen glared at Mr. Allen. “What nonsense were you spouting?” 
Mr. Allen said with a sense of grievance, “How could I not say it?” 
Mrs. Allen sighed. “I’ve looked into the Olsen family’s situation. It’s clear now. Keira’s status is awkward, and she does resemble Mrs. Olsen at first glance But If you look closely, it’s only a similarity of temperament. Lady South is Mrs Olsen’s mother, and Keira should also have a similar temperament to her You don’t have any proof, and if you blurt it out and it turns out to be a mix-up what will you do then?” 
Mr. Allen rubbed his nose. “But we can’t just keep silent, can we?” 
Mrs. Allen responded irritably, “It’s not that I don’t want you to speak up Isn’t the photo being restored? Once it’s restored, you can take it to Keira. Isn’t that more convincing?” 
Mr. Allen pouted. “After all, you just don’t believe me.” 
Mrs. Allen sighed. “Every family cherishes their children the most. When a child is born, there are nurses, nannies, and doctors watching. Even if Mrs. Olsen came to Oceanion alone without anyone else, given her background and family status, at the very least, the child’s father would be at the hospital bed Do you realize how difficult it is to switch babies? This idea is too far-fetched and in the end, it could very well just turn out to be a false alarm.” 
Mr. Allen pouted and conceded. “All right, all right, you’re always right. Just wait for the photo.” 
Unable to help himself, he took out his phone and tagged Frankie in the group Chat. How long will the photo restoration take? Can you speed up the process?” Frankie’s reply came quickly. “The damage to your photo is quite severe The restorer said that it would take at least five days to fix it.” 
Mr. Allen found himself impatient for the first time, “Five days it is then!” 
Keira and Lewis returned to the Horton family manor. 
The car stopped directly in old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard. 
Once they got out of the vehicle and entered the living room, they saw old Mrs. Horton hadn’t gone to bed yet. She was dozing off on the sofa, nodding her head. 
Fiona was by her side, smiling wryly. Seeing the two of them, she finally relaxed. “Old Mrs. Horton, Mr. Horton and Miss Olsen have returned! Now you can rest easy, right? Please go back to your room to sleep!” 
Old Mrs. Horton suddenly woke up. She rose to her feet and walked towards them. 
Lewis stepped forward to support her. “Grandma, take it easy…” 
But old Mrs. Horton walked right past him and approached Keira, grabbing her wrist. “Granddaughter-in-law, you finally returned!” 
Lewis was speechless. 
Fiona couldn’t help but laugh. “Miss Olsen, old Mrs. Horton has been mentioning you a hundred times tonight. To those who don’t know, they’d think you were her granddaughter! Even with Mr. Horton here, you’re the one she fancies more!” 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately said, “Why would I prefer that brat when I can have my lovely granddaughter-in-law?” 
Lewis tugged at the corner of his mouth. “Grandma, now that you have a granddaughter-in-law, you’ve forgotten your grandson!” 
At these words, old Mrs. Horton’s eyes brightened. “So, you admit she’s your 
Lewis suddenly felt a bit embarrassed. 
Old Mrs. Horton didn’t care about his feelings and turned to Keira. 
“Granddaughter-in-law, this brat has taken a liking to you, and what about you? Do you like this brat?” 
Lewis touched his nose and glanced subconsciously at Keira. 
Keira noticed that intense gaze and blushed. She cleared her throat. “Grandma it’s getting late. I’ll light the calming Incense for you, and then you should go to bed.” “ 
Old Mrs. Horton didn’t want to embarrass her granddaughter-in-law despite Lewis’s feelings, so she nodded. “Alright.” 
Keira helped old Mrs. Horton into her bedroom. 
Suddenly, the only one left in the living room was Lewis. 
His eyes darkened as he watched the two leave. Thinking about how Keira hadn’t answered Grandma’s question just now, he suddenly felt a bit disappointed. 
At that moment, Fiona spoke up. “Sir, are you staying here tonight? Or will you go back to sleep at the main house?” 
The Horton family manor was too big. Old Mrs. Horton needed peace for her recuperation, so a small courtyard within the manor was chosen to construct a three-story villa specially for her. 
Usually, old Mrs. Horton and the family doctor, along with a nanny, lived there; it was quiet and undisturbed. 
Ever since Lewis returned to the country and took over the Horton Group to strengthen his position as head of the household, he had been living in the mam bedroom of the adjacent main house. 
Hearing the sudden question, Lewis coughed. “Grandma’s condition is unstable, and I’m not at ease. I’ll stay here so I can keep an eye on her at night.” Fiona smiled, lowering her head, and didn’t expose his little ruse. “Okay.” Lewis had a bedroom here. 
He walked to the door and suddenly paused. 
Fiona instantly understood. “Miss Olsen’s room is next to yours.” 
Lewis looked down. “Fiona, you’re quite talkative tonight.” 
Fiona kept smiling. 
After Keira sent old Mrs. Horton to bed, she followed Fiona to the room she would temporarily stay in. 
Nothing happened that night. 
When Keira woke up the next day, old Mrs. Horton still hadn’t gotten up. 
Keira tiptoed into her room to check on her. 
As she approached, old Mrs. Horton opened her eyes. 
Seeing Keira, she immediately smiled with a hint of surprise. 
“Granddaughter-in-law, you’ve come back!” 
Keira was taken aback, “Come back?” 
“Yes!” Old Mrs. Horton held her hand. “After you and the brat got married, you disappeared. I’ve been looking for you for a month, and now you’ve finally comeback!” 1 
Keira suddenly realized old Mrs. Horton was having an episode again. 
Her memory had reverted to the month after she and Lewis got their marriage certificate! 
Keira’s eyes darkened slightly, and she suddenly asked, “Grandma, do you remember how I and Lewis got our marriage certificate?” 
She hadn’t expected to get much of a response, but to her surprise, old Mrs.. 
Horton replied, “Of course I remember!”
###Chapter 111 - 111: Hug for a Moment
Chapter 111: Hug for a Moment 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira’s eyes shone faintly, her voice soft lest she startle the old lady. “Then, 
how did we get our marriage certificate?” 
Old Mrs. Horton said with a smile. “I remember that day. You wore a red 
sweater…” 
A red sweater? 
Keira paused slightly. Indeed, she had a red sweater, which she bought three years ago during New Year. She stayed alone in her rented room. She wanted to dress joyfully, so it wouldn’t feel so lonely. 
And sure enough, that was the sweater she was wearing in the marriage 
certificate photo. 
Old Mrs. Horton continued. “That brat was wearing a black suit, and off you 
two went to get your certificate!” 
Keira frowned. 
The courthouse had said that getting married definitely required the presence of both parties. What old Mrs. Horton said meant Keira had indeed obtained a marriage certificate with Lewis two years ago. 
Why didn’t she or Lewis know about it? 
It couldn’t be something as melodramatic as both of them having amnesia, 
could it? 
Besides, she had a good memory. She clearly remembered everything she had done two years ago! 
Keira continued. “How did we meet?” 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at her earnestly. “Of course, it was because of me…” 
“What did you do?” 
Keira asked the question, but old Mrs. Horton yawned, and her gaze went from confused to clear. “Oh my, granddaughter-in-law, what are you doing up so early?” 
Keira hadn’t managed to get the crucial information, but it wasn’t a total loss. At least she now knew their marriage had indeed been orchestrated by the old lady, but what exactly the old lady had done, Keira didn’t know. 
She might as well wait until the clinical medication was ready and cure the old lady’s illness before discussing it further. 
Keira sighed, “Grandma, it’s time for breakfast.” 
After old Mrs. Horton had freshened up, both of them sat in the dining room. 
The Horton family’s housekeeper had prepared a very abundant breakfast. 
Keira and old Mrs. Horton chatted while waiting for Lewis. 
“That brat is so tall. I think he might be over six feet three.” 
Old Mrs. Horton gestured with her hand, “He’s half a meter taller than me!” 
Keira smiled. “Yes, he should be that tall.” 
She wasn’t short herself and stood at one five feet six, but every time she stood beside Lewis, she still felt petite. 
As the two were chatting, a freshly groomed Lewis came out. 
Old Mrs. Horton simply asked, “Brat, how tall are you?” 
The man looked puzzled, his gaze falling on Keira. “What’s up?” 
Keira raised her eyebrows. “Just give it to me.” 
Stunned, Lewis pressed his lips together, not speaking. 
Old Mrs. Horton then said, “Brat, do as your wife says!” 
Lewis lowered his gaze slightly and said to Keira, “Then why don’t you stand 
up?” 
Keira obediently stood up. 
She had thought he just wanted to see how much taller he was than her, but to her surprise, the next moment, he stepped forward, wrapping his arm around her waist, and pulling her into an embrace. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Her brain buzzed for a moment. 
He must have just finished working out. Even through her clothes, she could feel the resilience of the muscles on his chest. He had just taken a shower. His hair was still dripping, and his damp skin had the grassy scent of the shower 
gel. 
Keira’s face flushed. Puzzled, she looked up only to see the man looking down 
at her intently. “Is this okay?” 
Keira blinked, “Huh?” 
“Shall I continue?” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Her brain had crashed for several seconds before she finally realized what was happening and pushed Lewis away in embarrassment. “I mean give me your height, not this…” 
II II 
Lewis then realized his blunder, and his ears instantly turned red. 
Old Mrs. Horton burst into laughter beside them. “This is better, much better than a number… Hug more when you’re free. I’d like to have a great-grandson soon…” 
Keira held back her laughter and hurriedly sat down. 
Lewis couldn’t help but glance at her. Her smile was bright, and the tips of her amorous eyes glistened. She reminded him of a dazzling dahlia blooming on the edge of a cliff, radiant and splendid, yet not affected by worldly affairs. He withdrew his gaze, and just as he was about to sit on the other side of old Mrs. Horton, a voice rang out. “You’ve just come home, so we’ve come to join you for breakfast!” 
The voice arrived before the people did. 
Turning their heads, they saw Jake Horton’s mother, Melissa Knight, walk in with a smile. 
Following her came Lewis’s father, Nathan, Jake’s father and Lewis’s older brother, Oliver, Jake, and Isla. 
Once they entered, Fiona immediately arranged for the servants to get busy. 
New tableware was brought out from the kitchen one after another and placed on the dining table. 
Nathan took a seat directly opposite the long dining table from old Mrs. Horton, which was considered a secondary position of honor. 
Oliver sat in the first seat below him, and Jake naturally sat beside him… 
Melissa approached Keira and said with a smile, “Miss Olsen, could you please make some room?” 
Keira paused, and before she knew it, Melissa had already moved her cutlery toward the next chair. Before old Mrs. Horton could speak up, Melissa was already holding her hand, grinning. 
“Granny, I come with good news today!” 
Hearing this, Keira glanced subconsciously at Isla’s stomach. Was it this sort of good news? 
While pondering, old Mrs. Horton also asked, “What good news?” 
Melissa gestured for Isla to come to her side, and Isla moved closer. “Isla has made a big contribution to the police department, and the department wants to give her a public commendation! For the Horton family, this is definitely good news!” 
A prestigious family like the Hortons valued reputation above all. 
Having a heroic daughter-in-law with a positive image was hugely beneficial for them. 
Isla smiled and said, “I was just doing what I should.” 
But Melissa shook her head, “That’s not how you should see it. You’ve done splendidly this time. I’ll have the Horton Group’s PR team promote this matter. You’ll marry Jake in glory! In the future, you’ll be his lawful wife! The hostess of this family!” 
Isla’s eyes immediately lit up, and her heart bloomed with joy. 
She hadn’t expected that Connor would bring her such honor! 
With a sense of triumph, she glanced at Keira and then chuckled. “Auntie, thank you for your kindness.” 
Melissa’s tone suddenly took a turn. “You deserve it. With such a positive image, you’ll represent Jake whenever you step out. It’s a good investment for the family.” 
After that, she looked at Keira, smiled, and added, “Lewis, your wife has been studying abroad for the past two years. She doesn’t need to rush back. Let Isla take care of family affairs. The police have given her honors, and the public has given good reviews. She comes from a decent background, and since she’s presentable, our Horton family will support her…” 
Lewis didn’t say a word. 
Melissa then made room. “Come, Isla, sit here! Keep your great-grandmother company for the meal.” 
After that, she seemed to remember something and looked toward Keira. “Oh dear, I’m sorry. I’ve overlooked Miss Olsen, our guest. But you wouldn’t mind, right?” 
Keira didn’t say anything. 
At that moment, her phone chimed. 
Keira took a look and discovered it was Josh from Twitter sending her a message. “Ms. S, I’ve discovered a secret! Isla isn’t the hero who exposed Connor. She’s in cahoots with him.. I have evidence! I’m going to release it 
soon!”
###Chapter 112 - 112: Exposure
Chapter 112: Exposure 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Josh was stubborn and felt that he must uncover the truth behind anything that seemed unreasonable. 
That was the case with Keira before. 
And now, it was the same with Isla. 
Keira smiled, thinking it was for the best to let it all come out, lest Isla really believed she was some kind of self-proclaimed hero. 
No sooner had she put away her phone than she heard Isla’s falsely sympathetic voice. “Auntie, it’s not that Keira is ignoring you, it’s just her personality. Please don’t take it to heart…” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She turned her head to find Melissa’s face darkened, retorting upon hearing those words. “Miss Olsen, didn’t your mother teach you to be polite when visiting someone’s home? It’s disrespectful to ignore someone when they’re speaking to you.” 
Opposite them, Lewis glanced over with a frown. He was about to speak when that dazzling woman looked up languidly and said, “What did you just say?” 
Melissa simply sneered. “I said, Isla should sit next to Mrs. Horton. She has a lot to tell her after all. You don’t mind, do you?” 
At that, Keira just shook her head. 
Melissa thought she meant she didn’t mind and was about to say more when she heard Keira say, “Sorry, I do mind.” 
Melissa was taken aback, “You!” 
Keira spread her hands. “I have no manners, right? So of course, I wouldn’t know what politeness is.” 
Melissa found herself speechless, stunned by the response. 
In a world where high society placed immense value on dignity and appearances, why was Keira not playing by the rules? 
Keira calmly corrected her crooked cutlery, which Melissa had pushed aside. 
Isla then chimed in. “Auntie, please don’t take offense at Keira, it’s my fault. Her mother’s background is special. She didn’t teach Keira well from the start, and as her sister, I failed to supervise her properly…” 
Melissa scoffed. “What does it have to do with you? An illegitimate daughter simply can’t be seen in public!” 
At these words, Lewis abruptly turned to her, his deep eyes flashing a coldness. “Is what you just said appropriate for the public? To malign a guest to their face, is that the Knight family’s teaching?” 
Melissa choked, then looked pitifully at Nathan, “Dad…” 
The sixty-something-year-old Nathan slapped the table hard. “Lewis, who taught you to talk to your sister-in-law like that?” 
Lewis’s expression remained indifferent, and he said nothing. 
But Old Mrs. Horton, nearly eighty-five, smacked her hands on the table. “Enough! Did you all come here to eat, or to pick fights? Keira is Lewis’s wife, and she’s the master of this household! You all will show her the respect she deserves!” 
Everybody was taken aback, looking at Keira in unison, “Wife?” 
Isla quickly explained, “Great-grandma mistook Keira for Mr. Horton’s wife…” 
And then, it dawned on everyone. 
Melissa spoke in a sardonic tone. “I was wondering why you were suddenly so nice to a stranger, but some people should have some self-awareness and know exactly what their status is… Lewis, you just silently allow old Mrs. Horton to mistake her identity. How are you going to explain it to your wife when she returns to the country?” 
Lewis glanced at Keira and said indifferently, “She won’t mind.” 
Melissa wanted to say something more when old Mrs. Horton turned to her. “I see you’re clearly not here for the meal. Speak up. What’s your real purpose for coming here? Spit it out quickly and leave. Don’t ruin the mood for me and my granddaughter – in-law!” 
Melissa immediately smiled sheepishly, looking toward Oliver. 
Oliver cleared his throat and said, “Grandma, here’s the thing. Isla is an excellent graduate of Oceanion University, and now she has made a great impact online. You’re unaware that the internet is full of praise for our family’s good values, claiming that we pick our wives for their character, and Isla’s assistance with the police case has spread far and wide. Shouldn’t such an outstanding great-granddaughter-in-law be rewarded somewhat?” 
Old Mrs. Horton frowned. “You reward her, then!” 
Oliver’s mouth twitched, and he said nothing, once again looking at Melissa. 
Melissa felt exasperated at how difficult it was to get her husband to speak, but she had to resume the conversation. “Grandma, we have given her a reward, but shouldn’t you also show some gesture?” 
Old Mrs. Horton didn’t understand. “What kind of gesture should I show?” 
“When Lewis married his wife, you gave her three percent of the shares. Now it’s Isla’s turn. Didn’t you say last time that you wanted to give her two percent?” 
Old Mrs. Horton took a deep breath and glanced at Isla. “I’m not giving her any.” 
Melissa was stunned, “Why not?” 
Old Mrs. Horton said, “I don’t like her.” 
Isla suddenly bit her lip and bowed her head, a hint of hatred showing in her eyes. 
The old hag! 
With a sense of being wronged, she pleaded. “Great-grandma, I know I made mistakes before, but I’ve changed… How am I supposed to establish myself in the Horton family after this?” 
She bowed her head, wiping away tears. 
Jake frowned. “Great-grandma, you…” 
Before he could finish, Lewis’s stern glance came sweeping over, scaring him into shutting his mouth. 
It was actually Melissa who spoke out recklessly, “Grandma, you can’t be so partial! You’ve always favored Lewis since he was young, and we understood because of his age, but what about now? The wives all married into the family from the outside. With such favoritism, are you holding a grudge against our first branch?” 
After that, she started crying and turned to Nathan. “Dad, I didn’t get any shares when I married Oliver. Now that you’ve set a precedent with Lewis, it was agreed that Jake would get two percent upon marriage. Isla is so excellent, so gifting her the shares would sound so good when mentioned! Why are you so biased, Grandma? Does the first branch still have any standing in this family? Or is it that to you, only Lewis is your grandson, and we from the first branch aren’t?” 
Upon hearing this, Nathan turned to old Mrs. Horton, “Mom, as the head of the family, you can’t show such favoritism! Previously, you said you disliked Isla and didn’t give her any; that’s fine. But now that Isla has shown excellence and everyone outside is praising her, as the matriarch of the family, if you don’t make a gesture, it’s utterly inappropriate! Even for the sake of the Horton family, you should symbolically offer some reward!” 
Seeing an opportunity, Isla immediately approached old Mrs. Horton. “Great-grandma, I know I’ve made a mistake. If you’re still angry, then punish me… I’ll do anything as long as you’re no longer upset. Should I continue kneeling in the ancestral hall?” 
At these words, Melissa blurted out, “You’re seen as a hero in the public eye; if news of you kneeling in the ancestral hall comes out, what face will the Horton family have left? Is this how you treat a hero who is about to be honored by the police and greatly acknowledged by society? What will we do if the media writes something about it? Grandma, can’t you consider the Horton family’s reputation a bit more?” 
Just as the group of people were berating old Mrs. Horton, Keira’s phone rang again. 
She picked it up and saw a Twitter message from Josh, and it read #Miss Olsen has never provided any evidence; she deceived everyone!#
###Chapter 113 - 113: Fairness
Chapter 113: Fairness 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira opened the Twitter post and saw that it was a video shot by Josh. 
In the video, Isla and Connor met each other, hiding in a corner. Due to the distance, it was unclear what they were saying; one could only see that Connor was very agitated. 
Josh tried to get closer, and the camera slowly moved through an inconspicuous corner. After closing in, one could hear the voices of the two people talking, with Isla saying, “Don’t panic. As long as you don’t slip up, the police won’t have any evidence. The job you did was seamless!” 
Connor replied anxiously, “But now the journalists are all after me…” 
Suddenly, Isla yelled out, “Who’s there?” 
They both turned around to look at the camera. 
Immediately, Josh’s camera shifted to the side, capturing the ground. 
Then Isla’s voice followed, “What did you manage to capture?” 
Josh spoke up. “I’m a journalist. I have the right to disclose anything I capture!” 
Isla took a deep breath. “How much do you want? I can give it to you! Just delete the video!” 
Connor also came closer, saying, “Right. Delete the video, or you won’t be leaving here today!” 
His voice carried a chilling malice. 
Josh was clearly nervous. “Alright, I’ll delete it now.” 
His camera went black. 
However, what Connor and Isla might not realize was that the technology for follow-up filming had improved greatly. At least, the footage shot by journalists could be instantly transmitted to online storage. 
After posting the video, Josh immediately tweeted, “Miss Olsen and Connor were plotting together, showing a fierce demeanor. At that time, I feigned cooperation and deleted the video. Later, I received an anonymous recording and handed it over to the police myself! Yet Miss Olsen shamelessly snatched the credit!” 
Josh didn’t have many followers, so this tweet didn’t attract much attention after it was posted. 
Josh sent Keira the link to the Twitter post and then made a request. “Ms. S, the voice of one person might not be heard by society. Could you help me by sharing it?” 
Keira’s Twitter account had several million followers. 
Back when she was working part-time as a journalist, her posts were known to be fair and ive, which made them popular, and she later went viral for exposing a major corporation for discharging polluted water. 
People had a lot of trust in her messages. 
Over the years, whenever there were reports that struggled to gain attention, people in the journalist circle liked to seek her help. 
Keira would have someone investigate the matter thoroughly and, if it turned out to be true, she would agree to share it. 
Every post she shared would draw public attention. 
Of course, Josh’s post didn’t need any investigation. 
Keira had been a participant all along and was very clear about the truth, so she chose to share it right away. Almost the instant she did, people started to react. 
“Ms. S is playing the hero again!” 
“Let’s see what the incident is this time?” 
“The internet has been abuzz with the story of a Miss Olsen bravely stepping forward and handing in a recording, turns out it’s fake?! Damn! No wonder the police haven’t issued any reward notice! It’s been hyped so much that I actually thought it was true!” 
“Someone has already said that Miss Olsen is going to marry into the Horton family, as in Oceanion’s richest, the Hortons. Would they accept someone with such character?” 
After retweeting, Keira didn’t look at the comments online anymore. 
She leisurely put away her phone and looked at the exquisite breakfast on the dining table. 
If the quarrel continued and she didn’t eat, it would get cold. What a waste! 
She was thinking about that when a fork suddenly appeared and placed a croissant onto her plate. 
Keira was slightly startled. 
But when she looked up, she met Lewis’s eyes, which were filled with a smile. 
Keira suddenly felt a bit embarrassed and quickly looked around, only to find that everyone’s focus was on the shares, and no one was paying attention to their small gestures. 
She quietly let out a sigh of relief, lowered her head, and bit into the croissant. The rich fragrance exploded in her mouth, and it was delicious enough to make one want to bite off their own tongue. 
Her eyes brightened slightly as she ate and waited for the fiasco on the microblog to ferment, looking forward to seeing the first branch of the family’s reaction. 
Unfortunately, they hadn’t noticed the change in the situation at the moment and were still aggressively pressing old Mrs. Horton to give up shares. 
The old lady was indignant, slamming her hand on the table and shouting, “So what if I’m biased? Over the years, if I hadn’t favored Lewis, he would have been ostracized and lost his status in this family!” 
She stood up, and even though she had started to shrink in height at her age and looked withered and frail, her actions still exuded elegance and authority. “Nathan, tell me, they’re both your sons, but you only have eyes for the elder one. Have you ever cared for Lewis? 
“When he was so young, he lay in the hospital covered in tubes and was at death’s door. Your fourteen-year-old elder son just had a little cold, but you left your newborn baby and went away to take care of your elder son! 
“Lewis survived the first hurdle but after coming home, you neglected him again, revolving solely around the elder son. If I, as their grandmother, didn’t favor him, I’m afraid you would’ve long forgotten him! 
“And about the shares. I don’t like Isla, so why should I give her any? Who’s rule is that? When Lewis got married and came back to announce it to everyone, didn’t I tell you to take out 2% of the shares and give them to him? What did you say at that time? 
“You said you didn’t like a daughter-in-law who couldn’t present well in society, that the shares were yours to do with as you wished, and that no one could force you if you didn’t want to give them up. So how come you can pressure me now?” 
Nathan frowned immediately. “Mom, those things are in the past, so why bring them up now? The current situation is special. Lewis’s wife isn’t so publicly known, but Isla is different. Although the Hortons are the richest in Oceanion, we are still businessmen. Nowadays, everyone likes businessmen with a sense of righteousness and loyalty. Elevating Isla’s status can cast a positive image on the Horton Group. So, let’s not talk about the past, okay?” 
The old lady snatched a bowl from the table and slammed it down. “You don’t allow me to mention it nor to show favoritism. Then let’s be fair! If you want me to give Isla shares, fine, but you have to give the shares to your daughter-in-law first!” 
Nathan frowned again. 
At this point, Oliver, who had been quiet, spoke up with a smile. “Dad, what Grandma said is also correct. We have to treat everyone equally in this family. Since that’s the case, you should give Lewis’s wife the missing shares!” 
Nathan wanted to say more, but Oliver gave him a look. 
After pondering for a moment, Nathan understood something and immediately smiled, saying, “Okay, I gave Oliver’s wife 2% of the shares back then, so I will give the same to Lewis—2%. Mom, you gave Lewis’s wife 5% of the shares back then, so now you should also give Isla 5%! Only then would it be fair!” 
Old Mrs. Horton choked when she heard this. 
She had momentarily forgotten that the shares weren’t the same! 
Lewis was able to sit in the CEO’s seat because the combined shares of old Mrs. Horton and Lewis amounted to exactly 51%. If she were to give shares away like this, the first branch of the family’s shares would exceed Lewis’s, and then the Horton Group would fall into the hands of the first branch! 
But she had said so much already, so she couldn’t go back on her word now. What should she do?! 
Nathan immediately looked toward Lewis and asked directly, “Lewis, what do you think?”
###Chapter 114 - 114: Slap in the Face
Chapter 114: Slap in the Face 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Old Mrs. Horton frowned, her gaze flitting anxiously toward Lewis. 
It was over. Nathan had caught her at a disadvantage. If Lewis didn’t agree, it would be seen as suppressing his brother, and how could he then maintain his position within the Horton Group? 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately coughed, deciding to be shameless! 
After all, her illness was common knowledge, and it was better for her to act shamelessly than for Lewis to be criticized. 
Old Mrs. Horton thought about it and was about to speak when Lewis’s voice suddenly rang out. “That’s fine.” 
Old Mrs. Horton was dumbfounded. 
She was immediately stunned, looking incredulously at Lewis. “What?” 
Lewis gave her a reassuring look before turning to Nathan. “I think you’re right. Since that’s the case, why don’t you first transfer the shares to… my wife.” 
After announcing their marriage to the public, he would often mention “my wife” at home. 
Since it was only an excuse, he never felt anything about it. 
But today… 
When he uttered these two words again, they suddenly felt too hot on his tongue. 
He glanced at Keira subconsciously and saw her eating a croissant with her head lowered, seemingly paying no mind. He breathed a sigh of relief, but at the same time, he felt an inexplicable sense of loss. 
She seemed to be completely indifferent to this marriage, which made sense since they had agreed to divorce later on. 
A shadow flickered in the depths of Lewis’s eyes. 
He didn’t see Keira’s movements pause slightly as she ate, her cheeks tinting with a faint blush. 
The words “my wife” were spoken so smoothly by Lewis with his deep voice. It was like a small current of electricity, passing through her veins. 
It was rather sweet. 
A smile she couldn’t suppress spilled across her lips. 
Nathan frowned. “That’s fine, but the share transfer agreement isn’t ready yet…” 
“It’s ready.” 
Lewis interrupted him, waving his hand dismissively, and Tom entered with a smile, handing a contract to Nathan. “Mr. Horton, please sign here.” 
Nathan was dumbfounded. 
He frowned and looked down to find it was a transfer agreement. 
When the Horton family signed an agreement publicly, it was said to be for the daughter-in-law, but in reality, the agreement still benefited a member of the Horton family, so the share transfer agreement showed Nathan transferring two percent of his shares to Lewis. 
He had no ions to that. 
He wouldn’t feel comfortable giving them to an outsider. 
He looked up at Lewis and sneered. “You’re quite prepared, aren’t you? How come? You haven’t fully taken control of the Horton family yet, and you’re already eyeing my shares?” 
The accusation was quite unreasonable. 
The croissant in Keira’s mouth suddenly didn’t taste as good. She looked at Lewis, never expecting that this powerful man would also have a messy family situation. 
A biased father, a scheming older brother, plus a sister-in-law who could stir up trouble… 
Lewis was neither servile nor overbearing, his demeanor remaining calm and composed. “Wasn’t it you who first came to Grandma today asking for shares? I can’t know in advance that you would give me shares.” 
Tom then explained with a beaming smile. “This share transfer agreement was originally prepared for old Mrs. Horton. It listed two percent of shares, and now we have simply changed the recipient’s name…” 
Nathan huffed, said nothing, and promptly signed the agreement that Tom handed over. 
He then said, “Since the transfer document is already here, let’s just amend the shares to five percent, and have my mother sign it as well.” 
Tom smiled. “No problem. I’ll go make the changes right now. It might take a few minutes.” 
Lewis said indifferently, “A few minutes? I suppose we can wait that long, can’t we?” 
Nathan kept silent. 
But Melissa had to keep up the mood in the room, so she said with a smile, “We can wait. Of course, we can wait… Come on, let’s all sit down and eat. It’s been so long since I had breakfast at Grandma’s. I’ve really missed it!” 
She also didn’t argue with Keira over seating anymore and took a seat on the other side of Nathan, allowing Isla to sit between her and Keira. 
Tom took the share transfer agreement and went to the study. 
The dining table seemed to have returned to a peaceful and calm state. 
Melissa was very friendly toward Isla Olsen and even served her food. “Isla, you are now the face of the Horton family. Have some more.” 
A smug expression flashed across Isla’s face. 
She glanced at Jake but noticed that his gaze was flickering, always sweeping over Keira from time to time. 
Isla’s expression darkened slightly. 
She clenched her fists and lowered her gaze. 
All of a sudden, she smiled slightly and turned her head toward Keira. “Keira, are you getting used to living here?” 
Keira, who was enjoying her food, looked at her, puzzled. 
Isla said, “Dad asked me to remind you that the Horton estate is large, so when you’re staying with the Hortons, remember not to wander off, and don’t disturb the other members of the family. He also said that if you’ve had enough, go back to your own home. After all, your husband is waiting for you at home!” 
Upon finishing her speech, she suddenly realized something. “Keira, I just remembered. Your husband doesn’t have a house or a car now. Do you have nowhere to live? Jake, I recall you have an apartment in the city. Why not give it to Keira as a token of gratitude for saving Great-grandma’s life?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
The implication was clear. After giving her the money, the debt of gratitude would be paid off, and then she wouldn’t expect to live here anymore! 
By saying this, Isla was completely acting as if she were the hostess. 
The corners of Keira’s mouth twitched. “In your mind, is old Mrs. Horton’s life only worth an apartment?” 
Isla was taken aback. “That’s not what I meant. I’m just concerned about you…” 
Keira lowered her eyes. “Enough with the pretense. Worry about me when you really marry into the Horton family.” 
Isla’s face turned ugly, “You…” 
Melissa frowned. “Miss Olsen, Isla will soon own shares, and she and Jake are only one step away from getting their marriage certificate. She’s practically the hostess now. Is this how you speak to your host when visiting someone’s home?” 
Isla remained silent. 
Jake immediately spoke up. “Keira Olsen, don’t you abuse the favoritism great-grandmother has for you and act as you please here! Isla is my wife. Being disrespectful to her is disrespecting me!” 
Keira was about to retort when Lewis interrupted lightly. “Who taught you to treat the guest of an elder in this manner? Is this the Horton family’s way?” 
Jake was taken aback. 
But Melissa said, “Lewis, this is clearly an issue between Keira and Isla. Isla is the daughter-in-law the Horton family has acknowledged, and she now has such a good reputation. Are you going to let her be wronged just to favor an outsider?” 
However, Lewis scoffed. “Good reputation? Are you sure?” 
Melissa was stunned. 
Lewis then placed his mobile phone on the table.. “Before you speak, I would suggest you open your phones and take a look at the trending topic on Twitter, then tell me if she’s really the good daughter-in-law you speak of!”
###Chapter 115 - 115: Breaking Off the Engagement
Chapter 115: Breaking Off the Engagement 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
At these words, the entire dining table fell suddenly silent. 
Unclear on the situation, Melissa asked, “What’s wrong with the trending topics on Twitter? Today’s hot search is filled with praises for Isla, a fact I’m well aware of!” 
She was the one who instructed the PR department to do this. 
“Are you sure it’s praise?” 
Lewis’s indifferent remark, however, ignited an ominous feeling in Melissa’s heart. 
She immediately took out her phone and opened Twitter’s hot search. 
At the same time, Jake’s phone also rang. It was a call from the Horton Group’s PR department! 
Jake’s expression suddenly changed after he took the call, and he abruptly hung up, looking incredulous. He then opened Twitter on his phone to check the trending video. 
Isla, not understanding what was going on, hesitantly asked, “Jake, what’s wrong?” 
What’s wrong? You still have the nerve to ask what’s wrong?” 
Before Jake could continue, Melissa had already swept all the tableware off the table, directing it all at Isla! 
The hot milk that had just been served scalded Isla, making her jump up immediately. As she was about to speak, Melissa stood up, swinging her arm… “Slap!” 
The crisp sound of a slap echoed throughout the room. 
Isla stood still, holding her face, seemingly unable to comprehend what had just occurred. “Auntie, what exactly is going on?” 
With a cold sneer, Melissa said, “Check Twitter!” 
It was only after checking Twitter that Isla realized she had been harshly criticized. 
It turned out that after Ms. S retweeted Josh’s post, it immediately captured everyone’s attention, allowing it to ferment to the top of the hot search in such a short time. 
Moreover, after the police investigation, they had already announced a reward, verbally praised Josh, and issued him a certificate of commendation. 
All was said and done, and there was no room left to turn things around! 
In the past, when Isla stole Keira’s credit, at most a few people knew. But this time was different; everyone now knew her hypocritical nature. This time, she had thoroughly failed! 
Isla remained rooted to the spot, stunned. 
Seizing the moment, Tom walked in with a smile, holding a contract, and said, “Mr. Horton, I have revised the contract here. Do we sign the share transfer agreement now? Share transfers need to be made public.” 
With an icy response, Lewis said, “Are you sure you still want such a daughter-in-law? If the Horton family lets her in, I’m afraid it would become a joke!” 
upon hearing this, Melissa clenched her fists tightly and pointed furiously toward the door. “Get out! I want you to get out! The marriage between our two families is canceled!” 
Isla still wanted to explain. “Auntie, I…” 
“Shut your mouth! If you don’t leave now, I’ll call security!” 
Isla was shaking all over. She looked at Jake, only to see the man staring at her with disbelief in his eyes, clearly showing that he wouldn’t speak up for her. 
Isla lowered her head. “I’ll leave right away.” 
Even after she left, the dining room remained deathly silent. 
Tom continued. “So about this share transfer agreement… are we still signing 
Melissa was dumbfounded. 
Nathan and Oliver both tensed their jaws. 
It wasn’t until this moment that they finally realized they had suffered a loss today! 
Not only did they fail to secure the five percent shares, but they had actually lost two percent! 
Nathan was so furious that his chest heaved with anger. He glared at Oliver, then snorted coldly, stood up, and stormed out. 
Oliver got up to follow him. “Dad, let me take you back…” 
With both men gone, Melissa and Jake would be a joke if they stayed. They came pompously and left in disgrace. 
Isla soon arrived back at the Olsen residence. 
She was still covered in milk, dirty and disheveled. 
As soon as she entered the house, Taylor came to greet her. “Isla, how did it go? Jake came early this morning to take you to the Horton residence. Did you get the shares?” 
Right after he finished speaking, he noticed the expression on Isla’s face and paused in surprise. “Isla, what’s wrong? Shirley, come quick!” 
Mrs. Olsen, who had been resting upstairs, came down with Aunt South’s assistance upon hearing this. 
Seeing Isla’s condition, she frowned. 
Taylor sat Isla down on the couch, rage on his face. “Who did this to you? The 
Horton family? They dare to bully my daughter; I’ll confront them!” 
But just as he reached the doorway, he was called back by Isla. “Dad, no, it’s not that. Come back!” 
Taylor stopped in his tracks. “Isla, then explain what exactly is going on?” 
Before Isla could speak, Mrs. Olsen had already approached them. 
Since recovering from her nightly coughs, she had been resting well recently, and her complexion had greatly improved. She was no longer as pale as paper, yet she remained frail, with a sickly look. 
Still, she stood with the grace and uprightness of bamboo in winter. 
She began to speak slowly. “Is it about the incident trending on social media?” 
Isla’s pupils contracted, and lowering her head, she covered her face and began to cry. “Mom, I really didn’t mean to do it, Connor Hill came to see me, and I was terrified. He threatened me not to tell anyone, or he would come after me! I didn’t dare to speak at that moment…” 
Mrs. Olsen’s tone was filled with disappointment. “If you didn’t do it, why didn’t you tell the truth when the police questioned you?!” 
Isla sobbed. “Because Jake thought it was me who did it, he was being especially nice to me. I really like Jake, and I don’t want us to part, so I didn’t deny it… I never expected the Horton family would turn this into an issue and blow it up on social media…” 
Mrs. Olsen scoffed coldly. “Isla, even now, you’re still making excuses for your vanity and deceit!” 
Isla suddenly looked up. “Mom! I really didn’t mean it. Can’t you help me? Talk to the Horton family. I know you have a way… Tell them not to call off the engagement!” 
Mrs. Olsen sighed. “The Horton family has called off the engagement now? 
Then you should just stay at home. I haven’t been well before and didn’t bring you up properly. From now on, I’ll keep an eye on you!” 
After checking the news on Twitter, Taylor immediately intervened. “Shirley, don’t be upset. It’s just a small matter. She’s just a little vain and hasn’t seen ’ through the illusions of fame and gain yet. Don’t worry…” 
Mrs. Olsen shook her head at once. “Taylor, don’t make excuses for her’ Don’t indulge her anymore. To spare the rod is to spoil the child; it’s our fault as parents for not raising her right. From now on, we can no longer pamper her like this…” 
No sooner had she finished than Isla sharply raised her head and looked at 
Mrs. Olsen incredulously. “Mom! I’ve been wronged! Not only wouldn’t you comfort me when I come home, but you scold me instead!” 
Leaving those words behind, she got up and ran upstairs. 
Suddenly, there was an alarmed shout from the nanny upstairs. “Miss!” 
Mrs. Olsen and Taylor hurried upstairs only to find Isla had run to the third-floor garden, climbed up on the railing, and was poised to jump. 
Mrs. Olsen’s legs gave way. “Isla!” 
“Mom, go to the Horton family right now.. I want this marriage! Otherwise I’ll jump!”
###Chapter 116 - 116: Confession
Chapter 116: Confession 
Translator: Henyee Translations 1 Editor: Henyee Translations 
Isla screamed in rage, knowing that Mrs. Olsen had an extraordinary background and could definitely help her settle this matter. 
Just like the Allen family from Clance… 
The eminent Allen family of Clance was one the Horton family didn’t wish to offend easily, yet Mr. Allen had been very courteous to Mrs. Olsen. 
Watching her, Isla cried out, “Mom, I know you can do it! Help me just one 
more time, one last time…” 
Mrs. Olsen looked at her frenzied daughter, a flicker of disappointment flashed through her eyes. 
She appeared weak but had always been strong-willed, otherwise, she wouldn’t have come this far. 
Mrs. Olsen let out a bitter laugh, her weakened legs gradually straightened, and her trembling body began to regain composure as she sneered, “Then go ahead and jump!” 
Isla was stunned. 
Mrs. Olsen looked down, “This is the third floor. If you jump, you’ll at most break some bones, and even if you have to sit in a wheelchair for the rest of your life, the Olsen family can provide for you!” 
Isla bit her lip in anger. “Mom!” 
Taylor was also extremely surprised. “Shirley! Don’t say such angry words! Isla, don’t be impulsive! We can talk this out. Come back here! 
But Mrs. Olsen sneered. “Taylor, my failure to raise our daughter has nothing to do with you. She wants glory and riches so much that she might as well jump!” 
Taylor wanted to say something, but in the next moment, he heard Isla’s roar. 
“You don’t care if I end up crippled, but do you not care about the child I’m carrying?!” 
Upon hearing that, Mrs. Olsen was dumbfounded, “What?” 
With tears in her eyes, Isla said, “I’m carrying Jake’s child. I won’t die from jumping here, but what about this baby? 
Mrs. Olsen’s jaw tensed. 
Crying, Isla pleaded. “Mom, I want to marry Jake, not just for the sake of luxury, but for this child! I beg you. I don’t want to be a single mother. I don’t want my child to be born without a father… 
Her words pierced Mrs. Olsen’s heart like a sharp knife. 
It was as if she saw her younger self… 
Taylor’s eyes flickered as he supported her. “Shirley, don’t be so cruel to the child… Isla is still young. It’s forgivable to make mistakes, as long as she corrects them.” 
Isla knew she could only persuade Mrs. Olsen with a soft approach, so she cried harder. “Mom, I know what I did was wrong. I admit I wooed Jake because I was jealous of Keira because you always cared about her. But later, I truly fell in love with Jake. I don’t want to lose him. 
“But the gap between our family and the Hortons is too big. I thought I could use Dr. South as leverage to increase my bargaining power, but I didn’t expect Dr. South would be Keira… Jake thinks I lied to him, but I didn’t! I really didn’t know Dr. South was Keira. It’s Keira who deceived us! 
“Later, Jake started to treat me worse and worse, and I could only cling to what 
I could to keep his heart. I’m not a bad person, Mom. I’m sorry…” 
Taylor also held Mrs. Olsen’s arm, “Shirley, no matter what, Isla is your only daughter. You didn’t send her back to Clance back then because you wanted her to have a simple life. How can you bear to see her like this?!” 
How could she bear it… 
Of course, she couldn’t. 
Mrs. Olsen’s clenched fists slowly loosened, and eventually, she seemed a bit desolate. Her tone finally softened. “Alright, I’ll help you!” 
Isla was her daughter. She couldn’t watch Isla die. 
After sending off the first branch of the family, Keira found breakfast rather enjoyable. 
In the morning, Lewis busied himself at Horton Group catching up on recent work, but he rushed back by noon to have lunch with Keira and old Mrs. 
Horton. 
In the afternoon, Keira held old Mrs. Horton’s arm, accompanying her on a stroll around the manor. 
The Horton residence was very large, and she accompanied old Mrs. Horton on a walk around it, which was also to help her sleep better at night. Considering her advanced age, it was always good to move her limbs, so she wouldn’t seem so stiff. 
As the two were strolling, they suddenly overheard several people whispering. “That’s just shameless, after causing such a scandal, she dares to show up again…” 
“Mrs. Olsen has rarely been seen in public these past years, and seeing her today, she looks so pale. The madam didn’t let her in, so she just stood outside the door. What if she falls seriously ill?” 
“What can be done about it? She brought it on herself! 
“If I were her, having raised such a daughter, I would have hidden myself away long ago; 1 don’t know what she was thinking, showing up at the Hortons. You have no idea, it’s so embarrassing…” 
Keira was taken aback when she heard this and briskly approached them. 
“Whom were you just talking about?” 
“We’re talking about Isla’s mom, Mrs. Olsen. She came with Isla to apologize, but the madam wouldn’t see her, so she just stood outside and didn’t leave.” 
Keira’s pupils constricted. 
How could she do that with Mrs. Olsen’s frail health? 
She hurriedly looked at old Mrs. Horton, “Grandma, you…” 
Old Mrs. Horton just patted her arm. “Go if you have something to do; I’m fine. I’ll have Fiona take me back.” 
Fiona and a family doctor followed them on their walk. 
Besides, they were at the Hortons, so Keira didn’t have much to worry about. 
She nodded and ran toward the gate! 
Where old Mrs. Horton lived was a distance away from the main entrance. 
It took Keira over ten minutes of running to reach the entrance. 
Just as she stepped out of the small gate within the large iron gates, she saw Mrs. Olsen, supported by Isla, standing at the entrance, coughing. It was a wide highway flanked by large lawns… 
Mrs. Olsen was allergic to grass seeds, and now her coughing made her complexion even worse. 
Keira rushed over and pulled out the medicine she always carried for Mrs. Olsen. “Ma’am, take some medicine first!” 
Mrs. Olsen nodded, took some water from the car, and after taking her medicine, she felt much better. 
Keira then asked, “Ma’am, why go through this… Is it really necessary?” 
She glanced at Isla. 
Isla stood behind Mrs. Olsen, not hiding the hatred in her eyes. She glared fiercely at Keira. “Keira, if you truly care about my mom, speak up for me in front of old Mrs. Horton! Spare my mom from suffering here!” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately spoke up. “Keira, this has nothing to do with you. You should go back!” 
But Keira held her arm, “How can your affairs have nothing to do with me?” 
Mrs. Olsen felt a warmth in her chest upon hearing this. 
She patted Keira’s hand but ultimately sighed, “Keira, although you are also Taylor’s daughter, Isla’s issue truly has nothing to do with you. Better not get involved in this matter. Please leave.” 
At these words, Keira paused slightly, her chest suddenly tightening. 
After a moment of silence, she suddenly spoke up. “I’m not Taylor’s daughter..
###Chapter 117 - 117: Reality
Chapter 117: Reality 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback and looked at her. 
Then she gave a bitter smile. “Fine, I know you have never acknowledged this father, but this matter has nothing to do with you. You should leave.” 
Keira tightened her jaw, not offering further explanation, as now wasn’t a good time. “Mrs. Olsen, let’s talk about my issue later. You should go back to the car first…” 
Melissa wasn’t an easy mother-in-law to deal with. Isla had embarrassed the first branch of the family, and after her failed scheme against old Mrs. Horton she had even been outmaneuvered and lost two percent of the shares. How could she possibly agree to meet with Mrs. Olsen? 
However, Keira’s position was awkward, and she couldn’t really ask old Mrs Horton for help… 
As she was pondering, footsteps came from the Horton residence’s large iron gate, followed by Fiona approaching with a smile. “You must be Mrs Olsen When guests arrive, there’s no reason for them to wait outside. Please come in with me!” 
Mrs. Olsen was startled, “And you are?” 
Fiona didn’t say much. “I am the Horton family’s butler.” 
Mrs. Olsen then looked toward Keira. 
Keira pursed her lips, hesitated for a moment, but ultimately said, “Mrs. Olsen, please go in first.” 
She knew that it was old Mrs. Horton who had sent Fiona over. 
She also understood that she couldn’t use old Mrs. Horton’s affection and trust to help Isla, but she really couldn’t just stand by and watch Mrs. Olsen suffer. Mrs. Olsen didn’t know the reason behind it all and nodded. She coughed and entered the door. 
Old Mrs. Horton had sent someone to greet the guests personally, so even if Melissa was reluctant, she had to give old Mrs. Horton this courtesy. 
The group soon arrived at the main house’s living room. 
Mehssa was sitting arrogantly on the sofa. “Mrs. Olsen, what are you doing? If I don’t want to see you, will you wait outside indefinitely, not embarrassed by the disgrace?” 
She hadn’t even offered a seat to the visitors. 
Keira stepped forward, about to say something, when Isla grabbed her arm. 
“You better keep quiet. Don’t offend my future mother-in-law and ruin this marriage for me!” 
Keira gave Isla a cold look. 
Just because of this, was it alright to let Mrs. Olsen beg and lower herself here? 
Mrs. Olsen didn’t notice the disagreement between the two children and merely coughed before walking over to a sofa and sitting down. 
Melissa scoffed sarcastically. “Mrs. Olsen, such manners, a product of fine upbringing. I hear Keira is the illegitimate daughter you raised. No wonder she’s so well-mannered!” 
Mrs. Olsen looked up at this, smiled gently but spoke with strength, “Indeed, I have raised Keira, and thank you for your compliments.” 
Melissa choked, “You…!” 
Mrs. Olsen then interrupted her. “Mrs. Horton, I came here to discuss the matter of our children… cough, cough, cough… I would like to speak with you privately if that’s alright?” 
Melissa immediately wanted to retort, but upon looking up, she saw Mrs. Olsen sitting there with a confident smile as if she was sure of herself. Melissa remembered Jake mentioning that Mrs. Olsen seemed to be from Clance and had wide connections. 
Melissa scoffed. “Fine, let’s see what you have to say!” 
She ordered the maids in the living room. “You all may leave.” 
Mrs. Olsen also looked at Keira and Isla. “You two as well.” 
Keira looked at her worriedly, but in the end, she stood up and left the room. 
Isla also left the room with a face full of joy. 
The two halted their steps on the open space just outside the living room. 
Keira glanced at the room from time to time, but when she turned her head, she saw Isla holding her phone, messaging Jake, her face seemingly adorned with a smile… 
Unable to restrain herself, Keira blurted out, “Mrs. Olsen is hustling about inside for you, and who knows what lowly deals she’s agreeing to with Mrs. 
Horton right now. Aren’t you worried at all? How can you be so bold and confident?” 
Upon hearing this, Isla gave her a glance. “That’s my mother. Isn’t it natural for 
a mother to bustle about for her own daughter?” 
After speaking, her expression suddenly turned cold. “Right, I forgot your own mother wasn’t good to you, so you’ve never experienced this feeling have you?” 
Keira clenched her fists tight. “You…!” 
Isla immediately gloated. “Then let me tell you what it feels like to have a mother who cares for her own daughter. Today, when I came home crying, my mother was really upset for me, so she took the initiative to come and plead my case.” 
Keira said angrily, “The Horton family is the richest in Oceanion. What can 
Mrs. Olsen offer to help you?!” 
The look in Isla’s eyes suddenly became sinister. “If she can’t offer anything, then she’ll just have to kneel and bow her head until Mrs. Horton agrees!” “You…!” 
“Keira, let me repeat myself. That’s my mother! Whatever she does for me is only right and proper! Didn’t you say you don’t owe me anything? Well, now I’ll let you fully understand the reality!” 
Suddenly, Isla stepped in front of her and sneered. “The person you owe is my mother, and as I am her daughter, you inherently owe me too! If I’m not doing well, neither is my mother… If you really want my mother’s negotiation to go smoothly this time, you’d better seek out old Mrs. Horton to speak for me’ At least if Mrs. Horton agrees, it will help loosen old Mrs. Horton’s stance! Otherwise, even if my mother persuades Mrs. Horton, old Mrs. Horton might also suffer some indignities…” 
Keira’s fists were clenched so tightly that, upon seeing the triumph on the other woman’s face, she wished she could tear her to shreds! 
She herself respected Mrs. Olsen as both a teacher and a motherly figure, yet 
the woman in front of her didn’t cherish her at all… 
Yet, ironically, Keira understood that Mrs. Olsen was Isla’s mother… 
It seemed normal for a mother to make any sacrifice for her daughter, and 
Keira had no right to interfere. 
At that moment, Keira felt an overwhelming sense of powerlessness. 
She had thought of many ways Isla might salvage the marriage, such as bringing up the baby or deceiving Jake, but she had never anticipated that Isla would go home and torment her frail mother. 
Keira took a step back, distancing herself from Isla, and looked worriedly toward the living room again. 
Half an hour later, Mrs. Olsen walked out of the room. 
The moment she stepped out, Keira hurriedly came forward to support her. 
Just as she was about to ask a couple of questions, Isla rushed over, pushing 
Keira aside to take hold of Mrs. Olsen’s arm. “Mom, how did it go? Did Mrs. Horton agree?” 
Mrs. Olsen seemed exhausted, and she managed a rueful smile. “Yes, she agreed.” 
“Mom, I knew you could do it! I love you, Mommy!” 
Isla acted coyly. 
However, Mrs. Olsen didn’t caress her hair as she usually would but coldly pushed her away and turned to Keira. “Keira, see me out, will you?” 
Keira immediately took her arm. “Mrs. Olsen, please take your time.” 
Mrs. Olsen patted her hand and then spoke, “Don’t ever say that Taylor isn’t your father again…” 
After all, she had personally witnessed Poppy’s amniocentesis and the paternity test with Taylor, and there could be no mistake. 
Keira was momentarily stunned, “I really am not….”
###Chapter 118 - 118: Parentage
Chapter 118: Parentage 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Mrs. Olsen turned to look at her, “What?” 
Isla, who was following behind them, immediately tensed and clenched her fists upon hearing this. 
She stepped forward, wanting to interrupt their conversation, “Mom, Keira, I…” “Your matter can wait.” Mrs. Olsen cut her off and then turned to Keira. “What did you just say?” 
Keira took it seriously. “Mrs. Olsen, I don’t want to hide it from you. You can kick Poppy out of the house. I’m not Taylor’s daughter…” 
Before she could finish, Mrs. Olsen suddenly blacked out and collapsed! 
“Mrs. Olsen!” 
Keira was shocked. 
“Mrs. Olsen is just tired. There’s nothing to worry about. A good rest will do,” said old Mrs. Horton’s family doctor after examining Mrs. Olsen. 
Keira immediately breathed a sigh of relief. 
Old Mrs. Horton patted her arm. “You’re just too nervous! Isn’t your mom in her forties now? She’s still young. There won’t be any problems.” 
After finishing, she frowned. “But your mother is too thin and too weak; she needs to eat more meat!” 
Keira smiled bitterly and was about to explain when a shrill voice came from the side, “Great-grandma, that’s my mom! Not Keira’s mom!” 
Old Mrs. Horton gave her a glance. “Humph, she’s the mother of my granddaughter-in-law. You bad woman!” 
Isla, biting her lips in anger, glared fiercely at Keira. “Is that what you tell other people? Keira, you truly have no shame!” 
Keira couldn’t be bothered to argue with her and even thought that Isla was really cold-blooded. 
Isla didn’t care about Mrs. Olsen’s health but was quibbling over a title here… 
Keira turned to the family doctor. “When can Mrs. Olsen wake up?” 
The doctor said, “In about two more hours.” 
Keira nodded and looked to old Mrs. Horton, “Grandma, could you let Mrs. Olsen stay here…” 
“Of course, there’s no problem. The mother of my granddaughter-in-law is family. She can stay here!” Old Mrs. Horton was very cheerful. 
But as soon as she spoke, Isla’s voice carried over. “Don’t bother. I’ve already informed my dad, and he’s on his way to pick her up. We won’t trouble you any further, great-grandma.” 
Keira frowned. “There are various medical devices here, and the family doctor is very good. At least let Mrs. Olsen stay her until she wakes up.” 
But Isla insisted. “Keira, she’s my mom. If I say it’s not necessary, then it’s not!” 
Keira clenched her jaw and looked at Mrs. Olsen. 
It was now winter, and although the winter in Oceanion wasn’t as cold as in the north, the wind was blowing outside. There was a distance from here to the parking lot… 
Keira took a deep breath, wanting to persuade her again, but a hurried footstep came from the door, and Taylor strode in. “How’s Shirley?” 
He was anxious and rushed forward as soon as he saw Mrs. Olsen, making sure she wasn’t in danger before he finally relaxed. 
Then he realized that he was out of sorts and turned to old Mrs. Horton,” Mrs. 
Horton, thank you for taking care of Shirley…” 
Old Mrs. Horton pursed her lips and snorted, “Granddaughter-in-law, your bad dad is here.” 
Taylor was momentarily embarrassed, knowing that old Mrs. Horton was still holding a grudge over the previous incident in that clothing shop. He dared not say much more but only asked, “Mrs. Horton, the parking lot is a bit far from here. Could I bring the car over…” 
Old Mrs. Horton liked peace and quiet, and she usually didn’t go out much. Therefore, there was no parking space in front of her little courtyard because she didn’t want cars passing by in the middle of the night, disturbing her. Although Old Mrs. Horton was reluctant to talk to him, this matter concerned Mrs. Olsen, so she nodded, “Alright.” 
Taylor breathed a sigh of relief. After he made a call for the driver to bring the car, he then proceeded to take off his coat, wrapped Mrs. Olsen with it, and bent down to pick her up. 
His gaze on Mrs. Olsen was filled with extreme care, and the way he held her resembled someone cradling a rare treasure, a demeanor that couldn’t be feigned. 
Keira had always trusted him completely in that aspect. 
The love and protection Taylor showed toward Mrs. Olsen had been apparent to Keira since her childhood. 
It couldn’t be fake. Besides, nobody could pretend for so many years. He behaved perfectly in every aspect. 
For so many years, Mrs. Olsen was the only one in Taylor’s eyes. 
Back in the day, he even refused to accept Poppy, and for many years, even though Poppy and Keira lived with the Olsen family, Taylor never even glanced at them. 
Even Taylor’s fatherly love for Isla was because of his love for Mrs. Olsen… Now that he was taking such thorough considerations, Keira felt it wasn’t appropriate to obstruct any further, so she followed them out the door. Just as they reached the entrance, Melissa walked over. Her demeanor, once haughty when she first met Mrs. Olsen, was now somewhat nervous. “My god, what happened to Mrs. Olsen?” 
Isla immediately said, “It’s nothing…” 
However, Taylor didn’t even pause. “It’s too cold here. I need to get Shirley into the car first.” 
His impolite behavior made Melissa stop in her tracks. 
Isla quickly explained, “Dad is just too worried about Mom…” 
Melissa twisted her mouth awkwardly, then promptly grasped her hand. “Isla, my child, with your mother’s background, why didn’t you mention it sooner? Anyway, tomorrow morning, I’ll have Jake pick you up, and you two should go get your marriage certificate!” 
After that, she gave a forced smile. “The Internet isn’t being kind to you right now, and you understand, the Horton family cares a lot about face. We might not be able to hold a grand wedding ceremony, but we’ll have an opportunity to make up for it later!” 
Isla hadn’t anticipated things to move so quickly and was overjoyed. “Great, I’ll wait for Jake to pick me up!” 
She wanted to say more, but the Olsen family’s car honked, and Taylor frowned at her. “Isla, are you coming or not? The car is cramped, and your mother is uncomfortable lying down.” 
Isla immediately said, “Coming.” 
Keira stood by the car, anxiously looking through the window at Mrs. Olsen. 
As Isla approached to get in the car, she suddenly turned toward Keira with a piercing look. “Keira, my mother despises people who interfere with others’ marriages the most. If you want her to worry less about you, you’d better leave the Horton family and go live with your husband!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
The Olsen family’s car quickly left the Horton residence, and Melissa then walked into old Mrs. Horton’s villa, smiling. “Grandma, Isla is pregnant with Jake’s child, so the marriage is going ahead as planned. To avoid any embarrassment for them, I’ve decided to have them get the marriage certificate tomorrow. You don’t , do you?” 
When Keira heard this, she hesitated for a moment. 
She was unsure whether to stop this marriage or to turn a blind eye. 
Isla’s child was Connor’s… Logically, she should reveal the truth. 
But if the Horton family didn’t agree to the marriage, Mrs. Olsen would have to come begging again. 
She couldn’t bear that thought. 
As she wavered, old Mrs. Horton spoke. “I’ve said before. I don’t care about Jake’s marriage. She can join the family, but I won’t give her any shares. That’s not happening.” 
Upon hearing this, Melissa frowned. 
She hesitated on the spot but eventually said, “That’s fine.” 
After that, she said triumphantly, “Grandma, do you know about the background of Jake’s mother-in-law?” 
Keira looked at her, curious as well. 
Ever since she was young, Keira felt that Mrs. Olsen was different from the rest. She had a unique elegance in every movement. 
She really wanted to know what family Mrs. Olsen came from..
###Chapter 119 - 119: Husband and Wife
Chapter 119: Husband and Wife 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira only knew that Mrs. Olsen’s family was from Glance, but throughout all these years in Oceanion, she had never made contact with them. 
Moreover, no one from her maternal family in Clance had ever visited her. 
Yet the last time Mrs. Olsen appeared, she had been treated with such courtesy by the Allen family… 
This time she didn’t know what Mrs. Olsen had said to Melissa to make the latter change her attitude so drastically. Keira really wanted to know what kind of family could raise someone like Mrs. Olsen. 
Old Mrs. Horton shook her head. “I have no idea. What’s our in-law’s background?” 
Melissa laughed. “She didn’t specify her background. However, she mentioned that she was acquainted with several prestigious families in Clance and that she could introduce some connections for Jake, which could be beneficial since the Horton family, because of Lewis’s circumstances, doesn’t have many contacts there. If Jake could penetrate the market in Clance, he would definitely lead the Horton family to even greater heights in the future. Isn’t that right, Grandma?” 
Only then did Keira understand why Melissa wanted Isla to marry into the family, even if it meant not getting any shares. 
Most families in Clance were powerful and influential. 
Originally, the Horton family had sought an alliance with them, which led to the arranged marriage of Lewis’s parents. Unfortunately, not only did this marriage fail to open up the market, but it also turned the Horton family into a thorn in the side for those in Clance. 
If Jake could forge this path, his position within the Horton Group would undoubtedly rise with the tide! 
If he could bring sufficient benefits to the Horton family, even if he was at a disadvantage in terms of shares, he could still replace Lewis as the next CEO! After all, Melissa’s acceptance of Isla was all because of her interests. 
And the exchange that just took place between Melissa and old Mrs. Horton was a trade. 
Old Mrs. Horton wouldn’t stop Isla from joining the family, and Melissa would no longer insist on the five percent of shares. 
Seeing that she wanted to leave, old Mrs. Horton still couldn’t help but speak up persuasively, “Having interests tied together is ultimately unreliable. You still need to ask Jake about this marriage arrangement.” 
Mehssa thought old Mrs. Horton was trying to prevent the rise of the first branch of the family and narrowed her eyes, “Grandma, Lewis did find someone sincere, but how did that turn out? Aren’t the couple living apart, and now they don’t even have a child? If you have free time, you should pay more attention to his personal issues, especially since you’re keeping such a woman in the house as a mistress… Let’s not have any more scandals.” 
After a glance at Keira, she sneered and left. 
Old Mrs. Horton didn’t understand the implication. “How are they living apart? My granddaughter-in-law, aren’t you and the brat living at home? How strange people speak!” 
Keira soothed her, “Grandma, she’s talking nonsense. Don’t take it to heart.” 
But old Mrs. Horton sighed again. “Nevertheless, she did have a point. You and the brat have been married for two years now. Why isn’t anything happening? My granddaughter-in-law, is the brat not up to the task?” 
Keira was shocked. 
How would she know if Lewis was up to the task? 
She quickly asked, “Grandma, what’s for dinner tonight?” 
Right, what should we have?” 
Thinking she had successfully changed the subject, Keira didn’t expect old Mrs Horton’s next words to be, “What should we eat to boost virility? Oysters?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
So, when Lewis came home for dinner that evening, he was greeted with a menu that included: stir-fried oysters, roasted oysters, shrimps, steaks, as well as ten other dishes. 
Lewis didn’t initially realize anything was amiss. He washed his hands, changed into his loungewear, and sat down at the dining table. 
Old Mrs. Horton started to put food on his plate. “Brat, eat up!” The food on Lewis’s plate slowly piled into a small mountain before his eyes. He couldn’t help but interject. “Grandma, stop. I can’t finish all this.” “How can you not finish?” Old Mrs. Horton looked him up and down seriously, “You’re too thin, no wonder you’re not performing well, you need to eat more.” Lewis was baffled, “Not performing well at what?” 
Just as old Mrs. Horton was about to speak, Keira, frightened, immediately shouted, “Eating! Grandma means you’re not good at eating!” 
Lewis, completely puzzled, turned to old Mrs. Horton. 
Old Mrs. Horton continued. “Right, eat more.” 
Keira breathed a sigh of relief, then heard the old lady say, “If you don’t eat more, how are you going to give me a great-grandson!” 
Keira was speechless. 
Lewis’s gaze swept across the dishes on the table and suddenly everything clicked. 
His face instantly turned red, and he coughed once before lowering his head to start eating. 
After dinner, the couple prepared to chat with old Mrs. Horton for a while. 
However, Old Mrs. Horton pointed toward Lewis’s room and said, “No need to keep me company, you newlyweds. Go make a baby already!” 
Keira couldn’t take it anymore and with a bitter smile, she said, “Grandma, Mr Horton and I…” 
“Oh my, my chest hurts.” Old Mrs. Horton suddenly furrowed her brows and clutched at her chest, then looked at her, “What were you going to say, granddaughter-in-law?” 
Keira recalled the time she and Lewis talked about divorce, and the old lady fainted and was rushed for emergency care. She immediately changed her tune. “It’s nothing.” 
She glared at Lewis but saw he seemed to have a smile on his lips and, surprisingly, he didn’t refuse. 
Old Mrs. Horton then held onto Fiona’s hand, “I’ll lie down here for a while, you 
two should go to bed early too. Go on, go…” 
Keira walked awkwardly to the door of Lewis’s room under old Mrs. Horton’s watchful gaze. 
Both turned their heads back simultaneously only to see old Mrs. Horton looking at them intently, fists clenched. “You can do it. You can do it!” 
Then she covered her chest again, “Oh, I feel uncomfortable.” 
Keira wanted to say something more, but her wrist was suddenly taken by Lewis, and he said quietly with downcast eyes, “Miss Olsen, Grandma can’t be agitated.” 
Keira helplessly followed him inside. The moment the bedroom door closed, the old lady got up from the couch with Fiona and approached the door. She’ listened intently to the sounds from inside. 
“Fiona, do you think I can have a great-grandchild tonight?” 
“With a little effort, definitely!” 
Seeing all this through the peephole, Keira was speechless. 
Keira cleared her throat. “I guess Isla’s pregnancy must have excited Grandma.” 
Lewis raised an eyebrow, keeping his gaze on her. 
He walked over and sat on the couch. 
They didn’t know whether it was the dishes they ate earlier, but the room felt a bit warm. The usually spacious bedroom now somehow seemed a bit cramped. 
Lewis loosened his tie, trying to change the subject. “I heard Mrs. Olsen came today and secured the marriage?” 
“Yes.” Keira briefly explained the situation of the day, then asked, “Should I reveal that Isla’s child isn’t Jake’s?” 
Don’t worry about that.” Lewis’s voice was a bit hoarse. “Did you think the Horton family bloodline would be that easily confused?” 
Keira was taken aback. 
Lewis went on to say, “What my sister-in-law is after is Mrs. Olsen’s connections.” 
Mentioning this, he spoke indifferently. “By the way, I investigated Mrs. 
Olsen’s background today. Are you interested to know?” 
Of course, she was interested. 
Keira walked over and sat opposite him, only to feel his gaze like fire as if it would devour her completely. She too felt a heat rush to her cheeks. 
She quickly said, “What did you find?” 
As she finished, she didn’t hear Lewis’s response. 
When she turned her head to look, she saw the man clutching his fists tightly, and his forehead beaded with fine sweat. 
Keira was startled and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
The next moment, her waist was gripped by a large hand, and everything seemed to spin. By the time she regained her senses, she was already pinned beneath him. 
His breathing was scorching, and red flames seemed to flicker in his eyes. 
Keira tried to push him away, but she found she had no strength at all. 
That was… 
Her pupils contracted in an instant. 
They weren’t in their right minds! 
Did old Mrs. Horton play a trick? 
As panic set in her heart, she tried to push Lewis away, but he seemed to be beyond self-control, and with a fierce movement, he lowered his head and swallowed all her words….
###Chapter 120 - 120: Husband
Chapter 120: Husband 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
It was so hot… 
His body was very cool. 
Especially the breath in his mouth, which was like a pool of clear water, making Keira wish she could immerse herself in it. 
Having spent some time with Lewis, she had developed mutual affection with him. It seemed there was no problem in just going with the flow. 
That thought almost made Keira give up resisting. 
No. 
Keira suddenly came to her senses. 
She and Lewis were just fond of each other, but they had never actually expressed their feelings clearly; she couldn’t just… 
With that thought, she suddenly bit down on Lewis’s lips. 
A metallic sweetness instantly filled both their mouths. 
Lewis, in pain, released her, and his drunken gaze suddenly became clear. 
The two looked at each other for a moment before he abruptly stood up. 
Keira also moved back, widening the distance between them. 
Lewis rubbed his temples and, looking down at his own disheveled and embarrassed state, and said, “I’m going to take a cold shower.” 
Leaving those words behind, he rushed into the bathroom. 
Keira also felt her cheeks heating up. 
She patted her face and took a medicine bottle out of her pocket. After swallowing a pill, the discomfort in her body gradually subsided. 
She couldn’t help but look at herself in the mirror. 
Her cheeks were flushed red, and her eyes were watery. She was too embarrassed to look at herself. 
She quickly shifted her gaze away. 
About ten minutes later, Lewis came out of the bathroom, bringing a cold aura with him. He wore a bathrobe, and his tall figure and distinct facial features 
were imposing. 
His ears were still a bit red, but his eyes had regained their usual clarity. 
“Sorry.” 
He kept a distance from Keira. “I was out of line just now. 
?It’s fine. I didn’t take it to heart,” Keira said subconsciously, then felt that her words might be taken the wrong way, but it seemed inappropriate to say anything else at that moment.
The awkward atmosphere spread through the room again. 
The heat she had suppressed with medicine was showing signs of resurgence. 
Keira cleared her throat to change the subject. “You just said you found out about Mrs. Olsen’s background?” 
“Yes, part of it,” Lewis answered earnestly. “Clance is a sensitive area for me; it’s somewhat inconvenient for my people to gather information. We only found out that Mrs. Olsen comes from the South family in Clance. It’s a family that seems somewhat mysterious. I’ll have my people look further into it.” 
“Okay.” 
Keira nodded. 
In the end, after old Mrs. Horton went back to her room, Keira quietly slipped back to her own room. 
She lay on her bed and closed her eyes. 
Ten minutes later, Keira abruptly opened her eyes and touched her lips… Images of that kiss flooded her mind; she simply couldn’t fall asleep! 
In the bedroom separated by just a wall, Lewis was also tossing and turning, unable to sleep. His mind was full of Keira’s delicate features and her amorous eyes. Then there was her pert, cute nose, and further down, those cherry-red lips seemed to be waiting for someone to kiss them… 
Another wave of heat came over him. 
Lewis fiercely threw off the blankets, gasping deeply. 
Wasn’t it said that the medicine would wear off automatically after an hour or two? Why was he still feeling so restless? 
The next morning, Lewis got up and exercised a bit in his room. When he went out for breakfast, Keira was nowhere to be seen, and he felt a slight sense of 
relief. 
During breakfast, old Mrs. Horton asked, “Where is my granddaughter-in-law?” 
Lewis paused for a moment before replying, “She was tired last night. Let her sleep.” 
Old Mrs. Horton’s eyes instantly lit up. 
When Keira woke up, she felt that old Mrs. Horton’s attitude was off. “Granddaughter-in-law, does your back hurt? Come, have a seat on the sofa. “Granddaughter-in-law, do your legs hurt? Do you need someone to give you a massage to relax? 
“Granddaughter-in-law, are you tired? If you are, you can go back to bed…” Keira pursed her lips, cutting off old Mrs. Horton. “Where is Mr. Horton?” “He went to work,” old Mrs. Horton complained. “I told him not to go. You’d definitely be upset that he ran off after your first time.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
What was all this about? 
She found it absurd and was about to say something to old Mrs. Horton when there was a noise at the door. 
Fiona the butler, walked in.” Mrs. Horton, they’re saying something happened in the’front yard. Today, young Master Jake and Miss Isla have registered their marriage. Since Isla has the Horton family’s child, she cannot live outside. So, starting today, she’s moving in!” 
Upon hearing this, old Mrs. Horton responded coolly, “Understood.” 
Fiona laughed and continued. “There’s one more thing. Madam Melissa said that she wanted to rest for a while, so during this period, all the household matters will be arranged by Miss Isla. She also asked me to tell you that if there is anything at your end or Miss Olsen’s end, you can talk to Miss Isla.” 
Upon hearing this, Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Melissa actually relinquished the power to manage the household so easily? 
Isla had some tricks up her sleeve! 
But old Mrs. Horton sneered. “The matters at my end are arranged by you, and they have nothing to do with her.” 
Fiona just smiled and didn’t say a word. 
Keira then stood up. “Grandma, I’ll go have a look.” 
Old Mrs. Horton knew she wanted to inquire about Mrs. Olson’s health, so she didn’t stop her. 
Keira left the house, intending to head toward the front yard when she saw a figure not far away. Upon seeing Keira, the person immediately walked toward her. It was Jake! 
Now, whenever Keira saw him, she felt somewhat bewildered. 
The passionate classmate from their college days had become utterly unrecognizable… 
While she was contemplating this, Jake approached her, anger evident on his face. “Keira, I never thought you would really latch on to my uncle like this!” 
Keira frowned, not wanting to get entangled with him. As she tried to walk past him, Jake’s dejected voice followed. “Do you think that by debasing yourself you can take revenge on me?” 
Keira stopped in her tracks. 
She looked at Jake as if he were crazy. “Jake, you’re thinking too much. I never planned to get involved with Mr. Horton just to take revenge on you…” 
“You still won’t admit it?!” 
Jake’s eyes were red-rimmed with anger as he clenched his fists. He suddenly took out his phone and showed her a photo. “This was taken last night. How do you explain this?!” 
Keira looked at it, only to see a picture from last night when she was in Lewis’s room. 
The photo was taken through a window behind a layer of white sheer curtains, blurrily showing a man pressing a woman underneath him on a sofa. 
Indeed, it was her and Lewis! 
Keira’s pupils shrunk as she frowned. “Who gave you this photo?” 
“That’s not important!” 
Jake glared at her. “What is important is, you’re already married, yet here you are seducing my uncle, playing the mistress. Does your husband know?” Looking at his furious countenance, Keira suddenly let out a scoff.. “Do you even know who my husband is?
###Chapter 121 - 121: Granddaughter-in-Law
Chapter 121: Granddaughter-in-Law 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
“Whoever your husband is, that’s no excuse for you to be someone else’s mistress, a homewrecker!” 
Jake’s gaze was sharp as he stared at her. “Or is that what you are? Your mother was someone’s mistress. Have you inherited her genes? Do you think you’re destined to be a mistress and that you can’t be comfortable unless you’re wrecking someone’s home?” 
His provocative words sounded a bit insane. 
Keira only found it ludicrous and couldn’t be bothered to argue. “Think what you like.” 
That apparently further enraged Jake, and he angrily grabbed her arm. “Keira, I order you to leave my uncle at once!” 
Keira scoffed. “Under what authority are you ordering me?” 
Jake clenched his fists. 
At this moment, Isla’s voice rang out. “Keira, Jake, what are you guys doing!!” 
She strode over angrily. 
Her gaze swept from Jake to Keira, then she showed a pitiful expression. “What are you two doing behind my back here, grabbing at each other?” 
Her voice was shrill, quickly drawing the attention of the surrounding security guards and maids. 
The Horton residence was vast, and many people worked there. Isla roughly estimated there to be over a hundred! 
Seeing that everyone was looking over, she cried out even more miserably. “Keira, back in university, Jake chose me! Now that you’re with Mr. Horton. Why are you still pestering Jake?” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She narrowed her eyes as she looked around. 
Sure enough, quite a few were pointing and murmuring/ 
“I heard she’s the illegitimate daughter of the Olsen family, always competing with Miss Olsen for things… even in university, she competed with Miss Olsen for Young Master Jake…” 
“Exactly, her mother was a mistress, so she’s just not content with a plain life, right? She hasn’t seen much of the world. Isn’t that why she grabs whatever she sees?” 
“Miss Olsen and Young Master Jake just got married, and she’s already after Young Master Jake. How shameless!” 
“That’s not right. Didn’t she seduce Mr. Horton? Didn’t you see the photos from yesterday?” 
“Ah, she seduced Mr. Horton. Does she try to stir up Young Master Jake’s jealousy? This woman is terrifying. Is she evil or something? She’s twisting both men around her finger…” 
“How shameless and disgusting!” 
II II 
Such comments made Keira frown. 
She suddenly realized that old Mrs. Horton had always respected her choices and would at most use her poor health as an excuse to force her to live with Lewis to develop a relationship. She wouldn’t have drugged her and Lewis! 
So, the drug last night wasn’t administered by old Mrs. Horton. 
Was someone plotting against them to take those photographs? 
Was it Isla or Melissa? 
Was it aimed at her, or to defame Lewis? 
Keira felt ridiculous for a moment and pulled away from Jake’s arm. “Jake, tell everyone. Am I pestering you?” 
Jake was being stared down by her captivating eyes, and his aura weakened as he subconsciously said, “No…” 
Before he could finish, Isla stepped forward, took his arm, and glared at Keira. “If you’re not clinging to him, is it Jake who’s clinging to you? We just got married today, and we’re in the sweetest time of our lives. I’m definitely going to tell old Mrs. Horton so she can see your true colors and kick you, the troublemaker, out of the Horton family!” 
Kick her out of the Horton family… 
Upon hearing this, Jake’s eyes suddenly turned cold and menacing. 
If Keira were to be driven out, wouldn’t the link between her and his uncle be severed? In Oceanion, wouldn’t Keira have no choice but to obediently surrender, to be molded as he pleased? 
Having understood this, Jake said coldly, “Keira, I’ve been polite to you out of respect for our past as classmates, but since you’ve seduced my uncle, why bother me anymore? I’m married now, and from today on, Isla will be the only one in my heart! Please have some self-respect in the future!” 
Keira frowned. 
She looked at Jake and suddenly let out a mocking laugh. 
From that moment on, that spirited and handsome young man from university was truly gone… 
Jake’s words confirmed the accusations of Keira’s seduction, and Isla immediately bit her lip and began to accuse Keira. “Keira, you’re already married. I know your husband is no good and doesn’t have a proper job. He can’t support you, but Mom always taught us to be self-reliant since we were young! If you really can’t find a good job, we can help you, but how could you do such a thing?” 
She lowered her head and began crying with restraint. “Ever since we were kids, you’ve always competed with me for everything. You can act; you please Mom, and she favors you. I could endure all that, but Jake is all I have now. How could you take him from me too? I’m already carrying Jake’s child. Do you want my child to be born into a family torn apart by your mother’s deeds?” 
Isla knew exactly what the family cared about most, and with just a few words, she elicited everyone’s sympathy. People began pointing fingers and murmuring about Keira. 
“Oh my God, how shameless! Even stealing someone else’s mother…” 
“When Mrs. Olsen came visiting yesterday, I noticed she treated Keira better than Miss Isla. I was wondering what was going on, so that’s the reason…” 
“Mrs. Olsen is confused too. Can’t she tell who her real daughter is?” 
“Gosh, she and her mistress mother are unbelievable. Although we’re used to seeing affairs in wealthy families, I’ve never seen a mistress so brazenly enter a home like this before. Just hearing about it makes me furious…” 
II II 
As the group was in the midst of their condemnation, Melissa and old Mrs. Horton received the news and hurried over. 
Since old Mrs. Horton was closer, she arrived first and immediately roared, “Don’t bully my granddaughter-in-law!!” 
Her words left everyone stunned. 
What did old Mrs. Horton just say? 
Granddaughter-in-law? 
Could Keira possibly be Lewis’s wife?! 
While everyone was reflecting, Isla continued her tearful accusations. “Keira, you are truly heartless. You’ve even deceived old Mrs. Horton. She has dementia and can’t recognize people, so you lied to her, saying you’re her granddaughter-in-law. That’s how you got into the Horton household and climbed into my uncle’s bed! How can you be so unashamed to stoop so low?” 
Jake also said angrily, “Keira, we used to be classmates, and I showed you some respect. Now, make things clear to my grandmother, and we won’t pursue this matter any further!” 
The two spoke as if they were righteous and just. 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately shielded Keira. “Jake, your aunt is right there. How can you speak to her like that?!” 
Jake took a step forward. “Great-grandmother, you’ve been deceived by her! She can’t possibly be my aunt!” 
“She is!” Old Mrs. Horton looked directly at Fiona.. “Hurry up and call that brat back! Tell him his wife is being bullied!”
###Chapter 122 - 122: Tip-off
Chapter 122: Tip-off 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Fiona immediately nodded, took out her mobile phone, and intended to go aside to make a call. 
But a large hand reached over and snatched her phone away. 
Jake sneered, “Fiona, having this woman here is nothing but a calamity. She has been deceiving Great-grandma all along. We’re also considering the Horton family’s well-being. You don’t need to make that call. After we send this person away, when my Uncle comes back tonight, I’ll explain everything to him.” 
Fiona frowned. “Mr. Jake, we should still wait for Mr. Lewis to come back and decide on this matter! After all, Miss Olsen is a guest of him and old Mrs. Horton!” 
“A guest? I see her as nothing but a shameless woman clinging to my uncle!” 
Jake flatly said, “The photos of her and my uncle have already spread. This is very bad for the company’s image. What I’m doing is for my uncle’s good.” 
Old Mrs. Horton was so angry that her chest heaved. “Jake! You disobedient boy! I’ve said it. She’s your uncle’s wife; you can’t treat her like this!” 
Jake cast his eyes down and said nothing. 
Melissa had already hurried over, exchanged a glance with Isla, and the two quickly went to Old Mrs. Horton’s side, each taking an arm of her. 
Isla said gently, “Great-grandma, it’s cold here. Let’s get you back to your room first, so you don’t fall ill.” 
Melissa also heaved a sigh. “Grandma, you are really confused. Lewis’s wife is studying abroad; she hasn’t returned. You mistook this Miss Olsen for someone else!” 
“I didn’t mistake her for anyone!” 
Old Mrs. Horton struggled, refusing to leave. 
Melissa was conscious of old Mrs. Horton’s health and didn’t dare to be rough. 
But Isla hated the old woman to her core. It was all because of this damned old wretch that Keira was so favored in the Horton family! 
Angered, she pinched old Mrs. Horton hard. 
Old Mrs. Horton cried out in shock, “Why are you pinching me?” 
Isla feigned ignorance. “Great-grandma, I didn’t! You’re mistaken again…” 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately looked toward Isla, bent down swiftly, and reached old Mrs. Horton. She immediately grabbed Melissa by the arm, sending a shock through her hand and making her release old Mrs. Horton. 
Keira’s other hand then struck Isla’s face hard! 
“Slap!” 
Isla saw Keira charging over, thought of the past instances when she had been hit, and already had stepped back to evade, but she didn’t expect that she would still get struck. 
Clenching her fists, she suddenly took a step back and deliberately fell to the ground, “Keira, what are you doing?” 
She then clutched her lower abdomen, “My belly…” 
Jake instantly looked at her with concern. 
Indeed, Jake had been tricked by Isla some time ago and spent a night with her in a hotel. Hence, he truly believed that the child was his. 
He bent down to help Isla up, then turned his furious glare towards Keira, “You can speak without having to resort to violence, can’t you?” 
Keira ignored him and checked on old Mrs. Horton, “Grandma, are you alright?” 
Old Mrs. Horton rolled up her sleeve to reveal a bruise on her arm and complained with a sense of grievance. “Granddaughter-in-law, she pinched me!” 
Keira suddenly turned around, her gaze on Isla fierce. 
That chilling look made even Jake feel as if a surge of lethal intent suddenly raced up his spine, sending a shiver down his back. 
He stepped back, looked at the surrounding security guards, and ordered, “What are you dawdling for? Get this woman out of here now!” 
“Let’s see who dares!” 
Keira shouted fiercely, her piercing gaze directed at the security guards. “You don’t believe I am Lewis’s wife, and you don’t care about old Mrs. Horton’s safety either?! If you dare to make a move and jostle the old lady, Lewis won’t let you off when he comes back!” 
It wasn’t that she was afraid of them or afraid to engage physically; she was just worried that the scene might distress old Mrs. Horton. 
Sure enough, the security guards were frightened and, although they surrounded Keira, they dared not move. 
Melissa stepped forward. “The family doctor said that the old Mrs. Horton is in good health. She’s not that fragile! Go on, throw this woman out for me!” 
But those around her still hesitated and didn’t dare to act. 
They had all witnessed Lewis’s methods! 
When he returned to the country this year, Melissa, representing the first branch of the family, wanted to put him in his place by intentionally having the kitchen send him cold meals. 
As a result, Lewis immediately took some people and smashed up the kitchen! 
A few chefs and those helping in the kitchen were injured, and afterward, they were never compensated and were fired under the pretext of neglecting their duties. 
To this day, those chefs were still unable to find work! 
Moreover, Lewis wasn’t just assertive at home, but also at the company. Anyone who dared to defy his orders had been dealt with long ago. 
These security guards knew very well who could be bullied and who couldn’t! 
Seeing they still hadn’t made a move, Melissa shouted immediately, “If you don’t act now, I’ll fire you! And don’t worry, I’ll take the blame if anything happens!” 
Hearing this, a few security guards stepped forward, slowly encircling Keira and old Mrs. Horton but still not laying a hand on them due to their concern for the old lady. 
Seeing this, Isla immediately yelled, “Keira, old Mrs. Horton isn’t suited for this scene. If you really care about her well-being, let Fiona take her back to her room!” 
Fiona, who was anxiously circling outside the crowd, quickly broke into the security circle upon hearing this and supported old Mrs. Horton. 
Keira urged her. “Grandma, you go back with Fiona.” 
“I won’t. I must protect my granddaughter-in-law!” 
Old Mrs. Horton was very angry. 
Fiona then spoke up, “Ma’am, my cell phone was taken away. If you come with me, we can call the master using the landline and let him come back!” 
Old Mrs. Horton was taken aback. 
Keira said, “Right, you go and spread the word quick.” 
Indeed, the current scene had agitated old Mrs. Horton, and she seemed somewhat confused, “Right, I must find that brat to save my granddaughter – in – law!” 
Keira then patted her arm. “Grandma, then please go with Fiona.” 
Fiona took the opportunity to steady Old Mrs. Horton and led her away. 
Fiona also whispered, “Miss Olsen, a wise woman doesn’t fight when the odds are against her. You should leave with them first, and I’ll immediately call the master to help you!” 
Keira lowered her eyes. “I understand. You two go inside..”
###Chapter 123 - 123: Lewis Arrives
Chapter 123: Lewis Arrives 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Outside the courtyard. 
Over half a dozen security guards surrounded Keira, closing in step by step. 
Seeing this, Jake found it unbearable, so he shouted, “Keira, just surrender and leave the Hortons. You won’t have to suffer! Otherwise, this is my home. You’re intruding, and if we kill you, we’ll bear no legal responsibility!” 
Isla, supported by him, bit her lip upon hearing this, a flash of ruthlessness sparking in her eyes. 
Even at a time like this, Jake was still concerned about Keira’s safety. 
That Keira was simply a disaster! 
No matter what, she had to be driven out today. 
Thinking this, Isla also feigned concern. “Keira, you should go. Don’t worry, I’ll arrange a job for your husband in the Horton family. If you really have nowhere to go, you can also return to the Olsen family…” 
Keira turned to look at her, a scornful smile on her lips. “You can’t even tolerate me here in the Horton’s. Would you really be at ease if I actually went back to the Olsens?” 
Isla’s gaze flickered. Of course, she couldn’t bear it! 
But it was still better than having Keira stay here, clinging to Jake, and it would be always on her mind! 
Isla hung her head. “What’s there to worry about? If you could go back and take care of Mom and Dad, I’d be happy…” 
“Hypocrite.” 
Keira uttered that word coldly. 
Isla’s eyes reddened, and she was still pretending. “Keira, please go. If you stay here, one minute you’re seducing Mr. Horton, the next you’re messing with Jake. You’re going to cause discord between Lewis and Jake!” 
Keira scoffed. “Stop trying to put Jake on a pedestal. If I could seduce Lewis, how could I possibly settle for Jake?” 
Jake’s face stiffened. 
Isla also twitched at the corner of her mouth. 
Melissa said angrily, “How is my son any worse than Lewis? In terms of looks…” 
She paused for a moment. 
While Jake was indeed a sunny, handsome boy, compared to Lewis’s exquisitely handsome face, he really did fall somewhat short. 
She quickly changed the subject, “In terms of knowledge…” 
No sooner had these words come out than she paused again. 
Jake being admitted to the top-tier university in Oceanion was indeed impressive, but over the years, Lewis hadn’t been an ordinary playboy abroad. He had completed graduate studies at Stanford University, which was incomparable. 
Melissa swallowed, steeling herself to continue, “…is hardly much less than his younger uncle. My son is still young, six years younger than his uncle! Besides, Jake is much more obedient and even-tempered than Lewis. He’s easier to control! You’ll never be more to Lewis than a lover, but if you hang on to my son, you might just end up being promoted to a wife! As if nobody knows what little schemes you have in your heart!” 
Hearing this, Isla clenched her fists. 
Melissa’s words had struck a chord; that was exactly why she had targeted Keira as soon as she entered the Horton household! 
Jake was easily swayed; Isla could deceive him, and so could Keira! 
Moreover, Jake genuinely liked Keira. 
The way he looked at Keira was filled with barely concealed possessiveness. 
Therefore, she had to drive Keira out today, lest she stay and become tangled with Jake in the future. 
Keira hadn’t expected Melissa to come up with so many wild ideas and laughed scornfully. “It’s only you who thinks Jake is a treasure. In my eyes, trash should stay in the trash can! Just don’t get divorced and go causing trouble for others. Isla, Jake, I wish you a harmonious union. Stay trapped forever!” 
Furious and humiliated, Jake shouted, “Keira! Is that really what you think of me?!” 
His whole body trembled with rage. 
The four years of care and pursuit he gave her, were they really so worthless in her eyes? 
Isla also clenched her fists. “Keira, don’t talk big here. If you really had let go of Jake, how could you have gotten entangled with Uncle Lewis? You deceived Great-grandma and moved into the Horton home. Wasn’t it just to meet with Jake?” 
Hearing this, Jake felt the oppression in his chest ease a bit. 
Melissa scoffed. “She’s just being stubborn, that’s all. Does she really think she’s Mrs. Lewis? You are nothing but his mistress! And you dare to look down on my son… In all of Oceanion, who can compare to my son?” 
ively speaking, among Oceanion’s second-generation rich, Jake was indeed outstanding. 
Oceanion University was among the top ten universities in the country. How many of those wealthy heirs could get in through their own exam scores? Most of them just went abroad to get a degree. That was all. 
And the Horton family was the number one wealthy family in Oceanion… 
That was also why Isla insisted on competing with Keira for Jake! 
After Melissa said these things, she looked at Isla. “Daughter-in-law, why bother with so much nonsense with her? I think she just needs a good beating! Security, teach her a lesson for me. Let her understand the price of belittling my son!” 
As soon as these words were spoken, the surrounding security personnel immediately surged forward! 
Jake’s brows knitted together, and he couldn’t help but start to caution them. “Don’t be too harsh with her… 
Before he could finish speaking, his arm was gripped by Isla. 
Isla sighed. “Keira has always been very stubborn and never willing to give in. Let her suffer a bit, so she won’t disrespect you again in the future.” 
Hearing this, Jake paused, but he said no more. 
Elsewhere. 
Lewis was in a meeting at Horton Group when he received a call from the old Mrs. Horton and immediately stood up. 
He instructed Tom. “Get the car ready! Let’s go home now!” 
“Yes,” Tom followed him in panic, and they both immediately exited, leaving a group of senior executives in the room looking at each other in bewilderment. 
“Did something happen to old Mrs. Horton?” 
“Wasn’t it said that the old lady’s condition was stable?” 
“I’ve heard a bit of gossip…” 
“What? Tell us quickly!” 
“I’ve heard that Mrs. Horton might have returned to the country. Mr. Horton always kept Mrs. Horton’s information confidential, which shows how much he values her. Could it be that something has happened to Mrs. Horton?” 
II II 
None of the speculations reached Lewis’s ears. 
He hurried to the underground parking lot and headed straight for the driver’s seat, “Get out.” 
The bewildered driver got out, and in the next moment, Lewis took his place. 
The driver was stunned. “Mr. Horton, where are you going? I…” 
Before he could finish, the sound of the gas pedal being floored echoed, and the Bentley shot out rapidly! 
A business car was driven by Lewis with the fervor of a race car. 
Tom ran breathlessly after him, and upon seeing the situation, he gestured to the other bodyguards. “What are you waiting for? Hurry up and follow!” 
Lewis sped all the way to the Horton residence. 
He didn’t park the car in the parking lot but headed straight for the courtyard outside old Mrs.. Horton’s quarters!
###Chapter 124 - 124: Identity
Chapter 124: Identity 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Before they could get close, cries of alarm were already audible. 
Lewis’s frown deepened even further, and he pressed harder on the accelerator. 
With a drift and a sharp turn, the car screeched to a halt in front of old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard gates. 
Lewis anxiously pushed open the car door, expecting to see a woman trembling in humiliation over being mistreated, but as soon as he stepped out, he was stunned by the scene before him. 
Keira stood there tall and upright, her gaze sharp. She exuded an aura of authority, with a group of security guards sprawled around her on the ground. 
The housemaids stood trembling at a distance. 
Jake was also stunned, clearly not expecting Keira to be so capable in combat. 
His shocked gaze fell upon Keira, who at that moment seemed so pure and untouchable. She elevated above all, making him realize for the first time that the reason he couldn’t catch up with her in university wasn’t that she didn’t like him, but rather… he might not be good enough for her. 
His jaw tightened. 
The Keira he knew was a loner, preferring solitude in school, yet obedient and clever, diligently completing any homework or cleaning tasks set by teachers and fellow students. 
But at that moment, he suddenly felt as though he had never really known her. 
She stood aloof from the world, looking down with an air of superiority. 
He suddenly understood that in university, she wasn’t really afraid of teachers or classmates, she just thought it beneath her to bicker with them. 
Like a lone wolf that had strayed into a pack of huskies. 
She tried hard to blend in with the crowd, making him truly mistake her for an outcast husky… 
Isla hadn’t expected this situation either. 
At the Olsen’s, Keira was just a scapegoat who couldn’t fight back. When had her fighting skills become so formidable? She took down over a dozen security guards with ease! 
When she looked at Jake, did she see admiration in his eyes? 
This made Isla bite her lip hard; she cried out, “Keira, how dare you raise your hand in the Horton residence? Call the police! We must call the police!” 
These words snapped Melissa back to her senses. Frightened, she took a few steps back to distance herself from Keira and then took out her phone to start dialing. “Fine, you dare to fight back against security. Let’s see if you have the guts to resist the police!” 
Unfortunately, before the call could be made, her phone vanished from her hand. 
It had been quickly snatched away by Keira, who charged over. 
Keira wore a nonchalant smile. “Didn’t you just stop Fiona from calling Mr. Horton? What do you think? Will I let you call the police?” 
Melissa, terrified, stepped back again. She tripped and tumbled to the ground. 
Only then did she hear the sound of Lewis’s car and, turning her head to see Lewis, Melissa cried out as if seeing a savior. “Lewis, come quick! This woman, she’s gone mad!!” 
Keira tilted her head slightly, her icy gaze turning toward Lewis. 
The violent air around her hadn’t subsided, and her bloodthirstiness was still rising as if she would strike down anyone who dared stop her. 
Lewis strode over and took her hand, frowning deeply as he examined her. “How could you resort to violence?” 
These words caused Keira’s expression to darken. 
Isla seized the opportunity to also cry out. “Yeah, Uncle, we were having a nice chat with Keira, but then she suddenly started hitting people… She didn’t even worry about disturbing old Mrs. Horton, aggravating her health…” 
On hearing this, Melissa immediately chimed in. “That’s right, Lewis, you must take control! This is the first time someone dares to be violent in the Horton residence. She doesn’t respect us at all! This woman is too barbaric! Can’t she talk nicely? Where is the demure and gentle manner of a lady in her?!” 
Jake stared intently at Lewis holding Keira’s hand, his lips bitten tightly, his heart filled with reluctance. 
Keira then said coldly, “Do you think I shouldn’t have taken action?” 
“Of course.” Lewis frowned. 
Keira’s expression darkened, and she was about to withdraw her hand when she heard his concerned voice. “Look, you’re bleeding. Have you forgotten you have anemia? Do you not know how precious your blood is to you?” 
Keira was speechless. 
She was slightly stunned. 
She had never expected that Lewis would say she shouldn’t have taken action for this reason. 
Her heart warmed slightly, and the chill on her body quietly dissipated… 
Lewis, however, seemed not to notice the change in her demeanor and looked directly at the nanny next to him, commanding. “Go to the yard and call the family doctor right now!” 
Before long, the nanny came back with the family doctor. 
The family doctor hurried over to Keira, his face full of concern. “Miss Olsen, where are you injured? Is it serious?” 
II II 
Keira fell silent, then shamefully raised her hand. 
The family doctor saw the tiny cut that was already clotting, and his mouth twitched. “Am I too late? It’s already scabbed over.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Nor did Lewis. 
The family doctor helplessly took some iodine and treated Keira’s wound. 
But after meeting Lewis’s almost cannibalistic gaze, he silently took out a cartoon-patterned bandage and applied it to her wound. 
This dramatic scene left everyone present dumbfounded. 
Melissa was the first to come to her senses, “Lewis, you’re really going too far! Are you determined to protect her?! Do you have any idea how arrogant she was just now?!” 
Only then did Lewis turn to her. “Miss Olsen has always influenced others with virtue. You must have pushed her too far.” 
“You…” Melissa was livid. 
Isla stepped forward. “Uncle, she wouldn’t leave Jake alone and has been trying to carry on with both you and Jake. Mother and I thought it would affect your relationship, so we suggested driving her away.” 
“Is that so? Messing around with him?” Lewis looked deeply at Jake.” I forgot to remind you all. For Grandmother’s safety, I just happened to install some cameras near the yard. Let’s check the surveillance and see whether it was Miss Olsen pestering Jake or the other way around.” 
Jake was stunned. “That’s not necessary. I just had some things I wanted to make clear with her…” 
Melissa immediately changed the subject. “Lewis, actually, my suggestion for her to move out of the Horton family was for your sake. Your wife will be back in the country soon, right? When she comes home and sees her, it’ll be chaotic! Lewis, you can’t keep a woman like that!” 
Isla added opportunistically, “And Uncle, you don’t know how arrogant she was when you weren’t here! She said she is the hostess of this house, that she is your wife…” 
Keira frowned. 
She had never said that from the beginning, and with Lewis hearing it now, she hoped he wouldn’t think she was being presumptuous. 
Just as she was about to explain something to Lewis, she saw the man looking at her, a glint flickering in his narrowed eyes, and his lips slowly curling up. 
At that moment, old Mrs. Horton came running out, frantic.. “Brat, tell these bad people whether your wife is actually your wife or not!”
###Chapter 125 - 125: Daughter
Chapter 125: Daughter 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations 
Upon Old Mrs. Horton’s words, the crowd immediately quieted down. 
Everyone’s gaze uniformly shifted toward Lewis. 
Keira saw his lips pursed slightly before she quickly changed the subject. “Grandma, I’m a bit cold. Let’s go back to the room first.” 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately spoke nervously. “My granddaughter-in-law is cold, so we must hurry back, or she’ll catch a chill, especially since we’re in the preconception period… colds can’t be allowed…” 
Having said this, she grabbed Keira’s hand and walked toward the courtyard. “My granddaughter-in-law, this is your home! You are not going anywhere else! From now on, you’ll stay right here!” 
Keira helplessly touched her forehead. 
She stole a glance back at Lewis. 
Both of them held special statuses, and their marriage was tied to too much. 
Moreover, the unspoken understanding between the two hadn’t yet been agreed on, so it was best to be cautious about going public. 
Melissa spoke up. “Lewis, Grandma is senile and has been fooled by this girl. She’s not a good person, and she can’t stay in our house! You must not be confused either!” 
Lewis didn’t bother to explain much, his voice somewhat grave. “Sister-in-law, you don’t have the say in Grandma’s courtyard! Besides…” 
His gaze swept around the surroundings, looking at the security guards. “You dared to lay hands on my guest in Grandma’s courtyard. None of you need to show up tomorrow!” 
Leaving behind those words, he went into old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard. 
The security guards who were beaten immediately cried out, “Mr. Horton, it was Ms. Knight who ordered us to act. We didn’t want to do it…” 
Just as Tom arrived and saw the scene unfold, he stepped forward with a smile. “You claim to be wronged? You don’t even know who the master of this house is! Get lost! Otherwise, I assure you that you won’t find work elsewhere!” 
The group of people immediately felt silent and left, resigned. 
Tom looked around with an implied warning, “Get out of this place, okay? It should be very clear in your employment contracts what you can and cannot say about Horton’s family matters.” 
The onlookers promptly bowed their heads and left respectfully. 
Before long, only Melissa, Isla, and Jake remained. 
Melissa spat toward the doorway in anger, then turned to grumble at Isla. “Without understanding the situation, why did you make senseless outcries here? It landed me in such a position that I thought we could drive this little slut out!” 
Isla lowered her head in distress. “Melissa, it’s my fault.” 
Melissa took several deep breaths and turned to look at Jake who hadn’t yet come to his senses, and she immediately felt an uncontrollable rage. She glared at Isla. “I really don’t know what kind of witchcraft this little slut has used to bewitch the old Mrs. Horton and these two men like this! Isla, I don’t care by what means you do it, but you must drive her out! Otherwise, forget about me handing over the house’s authority to you!” 
With that, she stormed off. 
Isla stood in place, thinking of how just moments ago Keira was so protected by old Mrs. Horton and Mr. Horton, then looking at Jake who was staring blankly at the entrance of old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard, she felt something stuffy in her chest. 
She lowered her head. “Jake, I didn’t bring some of my personal clothing over. 
I’m going home to get them.” 
“Okay.” 
Jake seemed as if he hadn’t really paid attention to her words. 
Isla left for the Olsen residence, fuming. 
She might not be able to drive Keira out, but there was someone whose words 
Keira would definitely listen to. 
She entered with a worried expression and saw Taylor and Mrs. Olsen sitting on the living room sofa watching TV. When they saw her come home, Taylor was surprised. “Didn’t you move to the Horton residence? Why have you come back?” 
Mrs. Olsen’s attitude, however, was very lukewarm. She was still angry about Isla insisting on marrying into the Horton family. 
That’s when Isla lowered her head and said to Taylor, “I’ve come back to get some clothes. I also wanted to mention that Keira… She’s not having a great time at the Horton’s place.” 
Taylor didn’t pay any attention to the topic at hand. 
But Mrs. Olsen gave her a look. “What’s wrong with Keira?” 
Isla sighed. “Her attitude with Mr. Horton is ambiguous, and everyone is gossiping about her.” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately frowned. “Keira is staying at the Horton’s place to take care of old Mrs. Horton. Where did you hear all this nonsense? Keira isn’t the type to fool around. I believe in her character, and I don’t want to hear this sort of thing from you again!” 
Isla knew it would be like this. 
She felt intense hatred inside. Mrs. Olsen had never trusted her like that! 
Fortunately, she had evidence… 
Lowering her head, Isla said, “That’s what I thought too, but today at the Horton’s, a piece of evidence is being circulated. It’s an intimate photo of Keira and Mr. Horton…” 
Having said this, she took out her phone, opened up the photo, and handed it over to Mrs. Olsen. 
Mrs. Olsen frowned as she looked at the photo. Her first reaction was that it was a setup, but as she looked closer, her pupils contracted slightly. 
Taylor had already started cursing loudly. “Shameless! How could I have such a shameless daughter? She’s already married, and she’s still messing around with Mr. Horton?” 
With tears in her voice, Isla said, “Because of her, my mother-in-law now thinks I’m the same sort of person, and she’s asking me to find a way to get Keira out of the Horton’s place… But Keira won’t listen to a word I say, and today she even publicly defied Melissa at the Horton’s, saying that even if Mrs. Horton herself tried to drive her away, she wouldn’t leave… She also said, she also said…” 
Taylor frowned. “What else did she say? Out with it. You’re making me anxious!” 
“She said that her mother has been living in our house since she was a child, and that in the future she wants Mrs. Horton to learn to be more magnanimous from her and accept that it’s normal for a man to have concubines… Father, mother, with her causing such a scene, how can I keep my head up at the Horton’s place from now on!” 
Mrs. Olsen suddenly spoke up. “That’s impossible! These words don’t sound like something she would say!” 
Isla bit her lip. 
However, Taylor shouted angrily, “What’s impossible about it? Shirley, you’ve been deceived by her! She really is living at the Horton’s now, right? And her ambiguous attitude with Mr. Horton is also true! No wonder last time at the hospital, Mr. Horton helped with arranging a hospital bed, and he’s always been nice to her since then. It seems she hooked up with Mr. Horton a long time ago! Only you, who are kind-hearted, think she won’t change!” 
Mrs. Olsen looked dumbfounded at him. 
Every time Keira came up, Taylor’s attitude made her feel utterly bewildered. 
Even though she was his daughter, why would he suspect her with the worst possible motives? 
She suddenly recalled the day before, Keira said she wasn’t Taylor’s daughter… although she had fainted afterward, she still remembered those words. 
Previously, she always thought it was said in a fit of anger. 
But considering Taylor’s attitude every time Keira’s name came up… 
Mrs. Olsen suddenly asked, “Taylor, is Keira really your daughter?” 
Taylor was taken aback, his expression changing slightly. 
This slight change didn’t escape Mrs. Olsen’s sharp gaze, and she frowned.. “Is 
Keira really not your daughter?!”
###Chapter 126 - 126: Like
Chapter 126: Like 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Mrs. Olsen’s gaze was sharp. 
She seemed delicate and weak on the outside but was resilient and tough on the inside. 
Taylor knew her too well. He immediately said, “I have never considered her as my own daughter. Shirley, I’ve told you before. In my heart, only your daughter is my daughter.” 
Mrs. Olsen’s jaw tightened. “Is that so?” she asked. 
Taylor sighed. “I was against letting them live with us from the start. You know that, don’t you?” 
Only then did Mrs. Olsen nod. 
Isla wasn’t there to listen to the couple’s declaration of their true feelings. She cut to the chase. “Mom, Keira has always listened to you. Please go talk to her. She’s now living at the Horton’s, where the nannies look down on her…” 
Mrs. Olsen lowered her gaze. 
She had always been an open-minded parent. 
Whether it was to Isla or Keira. 
That was why she had never intended to intervene in Isla and Keira’s marriages. 
Isla had forced her hand. She had to use extreme measures to help Isla join the Hortons, which had deeply disappointed her. 
As for Keira… 
When she found out Keira was Dr. South, Mrs. Olsen felt joyous. A sense of achievement swelled in her as though her own daughter had come of age. Now, one daughter had let her down, and unexpectedly, the other had also done something foolish. 
Keira had always been a good kid; she couldn’t have been so reckless. Was there perhaps a misunderstanding? 
Indeed, Mrs. Olsen was becoming somewhat anxious. She thought for a moment, took out her phone, opened WhatsApp, and sent a message to Keira. “Keira, you’ve been married for so long, and I still haven’t seen your husband. Bring him over for dinner when you have the time.” 
After sending the message, she lowered her head. 
She wanted to see what kind of man Keira’s husband was. 
If he was unreliable, then she would find a way to make them divorce and allow Keira to pursue a new life. 
If he was dependable, then she would persuade Keira to live together with him, as living apart from one’s spouse is never good. 
When Keira received the message, she had just finished lunch with old Mrs. Horton. 
After the commotion that morning, her spirits had been somewhat low. After lunch, old Mrs. Horton insisted on not taking a nap but stubbornly turned to Lewis. 
“Brat, why didn’t you explain to everyone today that my granddaughter-in-law is indeed your wife?” 
Keira looked up slightly upon hearing that, about to say something, when old Mrs. Horton anxiously asked, “Are you considering divorcing my granddaughter-in-law later?” 
Lewis paused for a moment. “Of course not, Grandma, don’t worry.” 
Old Mrs. Horton then looked at Keira, “Granddaughter-in-law, what about you?” 
Keira hesitated. Realizing that Lewis’s gaze had also fallen on her, she finally spoke, “I won’t either.” 
“That’s more like it!” 
Old Mrs. Horton grabbed Lewis’s hand with one hand and Keira’s with the other, holding their hands together before speaking earnestly. “In this world, It’s difficult to find someone you like, and it’s equally hard to find someone ’ who likes you. Finding mutual affection is even harder. Therefore, you must take responsibility for your future and not let go of each other easily.” Upon hearing these words, Keira instinctively looked at Lewis. 
Just as he looked up at her. 
For a moment, their eyes met. 
Keira sensitively caught a flash of uncertainty darting through his eyes. 
He still hadn’t decided if he really wanted to be with her. 
This realization made Keira calm down, and she instinctively tried to withdraw her hand, but it was held tightly by his large, warm hand. 
Keira looked up at him, only to see him clench his jaw. 
She raised an eyebrow, signaling the man to offer an explanation. 
Lewis’s gaze flickered slightly before he looked away. 
Old Mrs. Horton’s words interrupted the silent questioning between them. “Brat, I’m asking you, do you like my granddaughter-in-law or not?” 
Keira turned to look at him. 
Lewis hadn’t expected the old lady to suddenly blurt out such a question and hesitated, unsure how to respond. 
A wave of disappointment suddenly swelled in Keira’s chest. 
Was it all just her wishful thinking? 
She clearly felt that Lewis was fond of her… 
She lowered her gaze, about to say something when Lewis’s deep voice rang out. “Yes.” 
Keira was slightly stunned. 
Her heartbeat raced. 
Old Mrs. Horton then turned to her, “Granddaughter-in-law, do you like…” Before she could finish her sentence, Keira had already changed the subject. “Grandma, it’s time for your nap.” 
Old Mrs. Horton paused mid-speech, then laughed. “Okay, okay, I’ll take my nap. My granddaughter-in-law is shy; I won’t ask you anymore.” 
After that, she smiled and walked toward the bedroom, leaning on Fiona’s hand. 
Once inside the door, the little old lady’s confused state vanished, and her eyes became sharp. She peered through the peephole in the door. “Fiona, they’ve both confessed their love to each other; they should be together soon, right?” Fiona didn’t know what to say. 
The two outside the door still felt somewhat awkward. 
Dressed in a suit, Lewis stood tall and commanding, drawing attention wherever he was. His superior appearance, together with his appropriate conversation, made it difficult for Keira not to like him. 
She dared not look into Lewis Horton’s eyes and coughed lightly before asking, “Did you say that just to please Grandma?” 
Lewis clenched his jaw slightly, “No.” 
Keira nodded, her gaze a little unfocused. 
At that moment, her phone rang. 
Keira picked it up to see a message from Mrs. Olsen. After reading the content, she raised her eyebrows slightly. 
Lewis Horton inquired, “What is it?” 
Keira Olsen handed him the message to read. “Isla must have gone home to tattle. Mrs. Olsen is worried I really became your lover, so she plans to ask me to come home for a chat!” 
Lewis laughed. “So will you go back?” 
As Keira was replying to the message, she said, “I’ll go back and have a look. 
Mrs. Olsen fainted yesterday, so I’m a little concerned.” 
“Alright,” Lewis smiled. “Then I’ll go with you.” 
Keira Olsen suddenly looked up, incredulously, “What?” 
“I said I would go with you,” Lewis replied with a smile in his eyes. “Didn’t she tell you to introduce your husband to her? What’s the matter, you don’t want to bring one?” 
Keira was surprised. 
Well, that wasn’t the case! 
She took a step back in silence, swallowed hard, and then cleared her throat. Alright then, I’ll reply to her message.” 
Lewis continued. “Alright, I’ll have someone prepare some gifts. You regard Mrs. Olsen as your mother, so when I visit my mother-in-law, I can’t come empty-handed.” 
Mother-in-law… 
Keira’s cheeks flushed even redder. She turned her head and replied to Mrs Olsen’s message. “Okay, I’ll come tonight..”
###Chapter 127 - 127: Gift
Chapter 127: Gift 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Olsen Family. 
After receiving Keira’s message, Mrs. Olsen breathed a sigh of relief. 
She had been afraid that Keira wouldn’t bring her husband back at all, which would mean she had made up her mind to be with Mr. Horton… 
Mrs. Olsen looked toward Taylor. “Keira is bringing her husband home tonight; let’s get the kitchen ready,” she said. 
Taylor seemed a bit impatient. “If she’s coming, she’s coming. What’s there to prepare? Shirley, you’re just too good to her!” 
Despite his words, he gave a nod to Aunt South. 
Aunt South then headed to the kitchen. 
Isla listened to the conversation between the two, narrowing her eyes. 
So, Keira was finally going to bring that pauper of a husband to their doorstep?! 
Good, she would make Keira pay today! 
With a smile, she said, “Then I’ll get Jake to come home for dinner too. After all, it’s Keira’s husband’s first visit to our house. We are sisters, so their husbands are brothers-in-law.” 
After saying this, she took out her phone and sent Jake a WhatsApp message. “Jake, come over for dinner tonight?” 
Hearing that, Mrs. Olsen couldn’t help but frown and interjected, “Remind Jake to bring fewer gifts when he comes.” 
Isla was taken aback. 
She clenched her fists tightly! 
Of course, she understood why Mrs. Olsen would say such a thing because Keira’s husband came from a poor background, someone not fit for the public eye. Was Mrs. Olsen afraid that Jake would overshadow him?! 
She felt anger, thinking that Mrs. Olsen’s favoritism had gone too far. 
Seeing her displeased expression, Mrs. Olsen quickly explained, “Isla, don’t think too much. Tonight is to welcome Keira and her husband. His humble origins shouldn’t be highlighted too much compared to Jake’s.” 
Mrs. Olsen simply didn’t want to embarrass Keira. 
With a smile, Isla replied, “Sure! I’ll remind Jake.” 
Although she said that out loud, over WhatsApp, Jake had already replied, “Don’t want to come.” 
A tightness gripped Isla’s chest as she typed. “Tonight Keira’s husband will visit, so I thought to ask you to join us.” 
Jake’s reply was quick. “What time?” 
Isla clenched her fist. “He should arrive around six, so come around five-thirty.” 
Jake said, “Okay, is there anything I need to bring?” 
Although Jake could be arrogant, he was dependable in action. The Horton family’s good upbringing didn’t allow for impolite behavior. 
Seeing his response, Isla continued. “We got our certificate today, and it’s kind of like your first time coming to my home, so you shouldn’t skimp on the necessary gifts. But my mom just mentioned not to choose anything too expensive, to keep Keira’s husband from feeling inferior.” 
She knew Jake all too well. 
Just mention Keira’s husband, and he’d surely act rebelliously. 
Sure enough, the next moment, Jake’s message came through. “It’s my first visit, so it wouldn’t be good to appear too shabby. I’ll bring whatever I want, and you don’t need to worry about it.” 
The corner of Isla’s lips curled slightly. 
She put down her phone and looked toward Mrs. Olsen. “Mom, I’ve already reminded Jake. I told him not to bring too much stuff; I won’t compete with Keira for attention.” 
Mrs. Olsen’s face finally relaxed a lot. “Good.” 
At half-past five in the afternoon. 
The humming sound of a car engine came from outside. 
The sound was unmistakably Jake’s sports car. 
A hint of a smile flashed in Isla’s eyes as she joined Taylor and Mrs. Olsen to welcome their guest, only to see a blue Porsche parked in the courtyard. 
Jake, in a high-end tailored suit, stepped out of the car. 
His appearance brought a beaming smile to Isla’s face. 
That sports car was a limited edition, and Jake’s outfit was worth several hundred thousand. Then they saw Jake walk to the front of the car, open the hood, and begin to take out some gifts. 
The gifts were packed tightly, filling the entire vehicle! 
The Olsen family’s housekeeper immediately went up to help, carrying three to four gift boxes at a time, yet there were still more to be fetched. 
With no other choice, she placed the items in the living room before running back for more. 
After three or four trips, the floor of the living room was covered with over a dozen gift boxes, every item looking extremely valuable, including high-grade caviar, top-quality wines, and some jewelry pieces. 
Any single item was worth several hundred thousand. 
The total value of these gifts was estimated to be in the millions. 
Isla’s eyes were filled with envy! 
It was no wonder the Hortons were the wealthiest family in Oceanion, their generosity was overwhelming. 
She turned her head to look at Mrs. Olsen, whose expression seemed a bit off as if she wanted to say something, so Isla spoke before her. “Jake, didn’t we say that it was just a casual family meal, and Keira’s husband is coming too. There’s no need to bring so many gifts…” 
Upon hearing this, Jake casually replied, “I know. I’ve already cut down the usual amount by thirty percent. After all, this is my first time visiting my in-laws’ home, and I wouldn’t want to bring too little and come off as rude.” 
After saying this, he looked toward Mrs. Olsen and Taylor, “Taylor, Shirley you don’t mind, do you?”? ’ 
Mrs. Olsen was always polite to outsiders, especially to this son-in-law, and she could only suppress her displeasure, responding with a light smile. “Not at all.” 
Taylor then stepped forward. “Next time you come, don’t bring anything. 
You’ve gone to too much expense.” 
“How could it be too much for my in-laws? I still feel it’s too modest and that I haven’t properly honored Isla.” 
Jake chatted with Taylor as the two of them entered the house. 
Gifts from guests ought to be placed in the living room until the guests leave, at which point they can be put away; the sight of the gift boxes made Mrs Olsen imagine how awkward it would be for Keira and her husband when they arrived!? y 
She frowned and took a deep breath before signaling to Aunt South. 
Aunt South came over. 
Mrs. Olsen then said, “Prepare some gifts and wait outside for Keira and her husband. If they arrive, give the gifts to them…” 
Even if the gifts didn’t match in quality, they couldn’t fall too short in quantity. 
She was now somewhat regretting having invited Keira for dinner. 
She cast another glance at Isla. 
Isla complained. “Mom, I really did tell Jake. Look, my chat history is here. I think the Hortons are just too generous, and maybe he genuinely thought he had already brought too little…” 
Mrs. Olsen didn’t know what to say. 
She took another deep breath and gave further instructions to Aunt South. “Tell the staff, when Keira’s husband arrives later, don’t show any improper expressions.” 
“Yes.” 
After arranging all this, Mrs. Olsen still felt uneasy. 
She sighed and ultimately took out her phone, sending a message to Keira to give her some mental preparation. “Jake and Isla are here too, with quite a few gifts. Keira, you should understand one thing. The intention matters more than the gift. I don’t care about those things.” 
Keira replied, “Understood, Mrs. Olsen. We’re on our way and will arrive at the Olsen residence in about half an hour..”
###Chapter 128 - 128: Here Comes
Chapter 128 - 128: Here Comes
After sending the message, Keira looked toward Lewis. 
He didn't seem to have dressed up deliberately today. 
However, Keira still noticed that he had changed into a wrinkle-free shirt, and the coat also seemed new… 
He was tall and was very suitable for wearing a suit, and overall, his long legs were especially eye-catching. 
He was very handsome and exquisite. 
Keira's attire was very casual. She wore an apricot sweater paired with light-colored jeans, looking rather youthful. 
Together, the two were quite a pleasing sight. 
Lewis had already prepared the gifts, and once Tom finished loading them into the car, he came in and said, "Mr. Horton, Miss Olsen, the car is ready. We can depart now." 
Both nodded and walked toward the parking lot. 
Old Mrs. Horton waved and smiled as she sent them off. "Fiona, look at this perfect pair. My word, I wonder how cute my future great-grandchild will be!" 
Keira had just walked out of the door and nearly tripped over herself when she heard this! 
She and Lewis had just made a bit of progress, and the old lady was already imagining great-grandchildren? 
She couldn't help but look toward Lewis with a mix of laughter and tears. 
She saw his ears turn slightly red. 
The two got into the Bentley, and the car drove away. 
Keira had never thought about competing with Isla for anything, so she didn't pay much attention to the gifts and simply said, "Mrs. Olsen never judges someone based on their status, nor does she look down on anyone because of their background. So later, she might not speak to you with so much reverence…" 
Lewis smiled. "Miss Olsen, you might have some misunderstanding about me." 
Keira paused. 
Lewis then said, "I have great respect for my elders, and my upbringing doesn't allow me to act inappropriately." 
Keira smiled. "Really? How come I remember someone who absolutely refused to believe we were married and always felt I was pestering him? It seemed like he had the security chase me away several times." 
"…" 
Lewis was at a loss for words and explained, "I didn't know at the time, I…" 
"Just killing." 
Keira cut him off, laughing again. 
Tom became more curious when the subject was brought up. "Miss Olsen, you can't blame my boss. The matter of your marriage was too incredible. Nowadays, everything's online, and the courthouse is very strict. How could a marriage occur without both parties present… But I do remember that you, Miss Olsen, had several identities back then, all for part-time work?" 
Keira nodded. "Yes, I moved out of the Olsen family when I was in junior high and didn't have living expenses, so I looked for part-time jobs." 
This shocked Tom. "You were still a minor back then, right?" 
"Yes, so I could only do odd jobs, and some that required physical labor." 
Keira seemed to recall those tough times, her gaze tinged with nostalgia. "Actually, looking back, I was quite happy those days." 
Without the pressure of being seen as the illegitimate daughter, without Poppy's constant nagging, and without the overwhelming presence of Isla… 
Though her life was lonely and poor, it was her most free time. 
Tom sighed. "You must have had a hard time." 
"Not really," Keira said lightly. 
She didn't just casually gloss over her past struggles; she truly felt it was quite good. 
Back then, she took on many jobs, and later when her businesses grew stronger, she started her own company. Afterward, she became Dr. South, and Samuel took care of those small businesses. 
By now, she owned a maintenance service factory, a private kitchen restaurant, a delivery company... Oh, and it seemed there was also a construction crew. 
She had also carried bricks at a construction site back then! 
Keira thought of this and turned to look outside the car. 
The weather was getting colder, and unexpectedly, drizzle began to fall outside. 
A southern city like Oceanion had never snowed; the winter rain carried moisture and chill. 
The car drove steadily on the road. 
Suddenly, Keira caught sight of someone at a construction site ahead wearing a yellow safety helmet, dressed in filthy overalls, and with a dirt-smudged face wet from the rain. 
With gloved hands held above his head, he looked at the dismal weather helplessly, seemingly trying to dash from the construction site to the 24-hour convenience store across the street to take shelter from the rain. 
Keira suddenly remembered her first job. She had been turned down by many places for being a minor and had no choice but to work in physical labor at a construction site. 
It was also on a rainy day like this when she first started the job. 
She had no umbrella, and even less the heart to take a taxi. 
She could only sprint home through the rainy night, completely drenched. 
At that time, if someone had offered her an umbrella... 
Just as this thought crossed her mind, Keira suddenly spoke up. "Could you pull over for a moment?" 
The driver, somewhat baffled, still followed her request and stopped the car at the roadside. 
Keira picked up the blue umbrella she took when she left the house, got out of the car, ran over to the construction site, and thrust it into the worker's hands. 
The worker was taken aback for a moment, his dirt-streaked and unrecognizable face broke into a look of joy. He spoke with an odd accent. "Thank you, thanks a lot!" 
Keira waved her hand and hurried back to the car. 
"Let's go." 
The car slowly resumed its journey, and Keira's lips curled into a smile. The umbrella she had just given away felt like it was to the young and helpless her from years ago. 
She didn't see that after their car turned a corner, a luxury car suddenly stopped at the roadside. 
Then two bodyguards in black emerged from the vehicle, holding a large black umbrella, and approached the dirty worker. "Sorry, boss, we were held up in traffic and arrived late. How was your inspection of the construction site?" 
The man glanced at the small blue umbrella in his hand and smiled. "In the language of Crera, it was quite fruitful!" 
Having said that, he got into the car, not minding the filth he was bringing to the backseat, and placed the umbrella down carefully. He then said, "Go check for me where that Bentley ahead went." 
"Yes." 
... 
Keira had no idea that she had just shown sympathy for a real estate tycoon, and at this moment, they were quickly approaching Olsen's house, which was just around the corner. 
The Olsen family. 
Mrs. Olsen kept track of the time. She and Taylor led Isla and Jake in tow and came to the living room entrance, ready to greet Keira and her new husband upon their arrival. 
Taylor couldn't help but say, "Shirley, you're being too polite. They're the younger generation, and they're not from a proper family. Do we really need so many of us here to welcome them?" 
Yet, Mrs. Olsen frowned. "We cannot judge a person by their status." 
As they spoke, a car pulled up at the Olsen's house. 
Mrs. Olsen's face lit up with joy, and she stepped forward, looking directly into the car. "Keira, you've arrived, and your husband is...?" 
But then, everyone was stunned.
###Chapter 129 - 129: Stock Market
Chapter 129 - 129: Stock Market
But the car that stopped in front of them was Lewis's exclusive black Bentley. 
Everyone was somewhat surprised to see this car. 
Isla and Jake even exchanged glances, both confused. 
Why had their uncle come back with Keira? 
Taylor also frowned, a flicker of panic and concern flashing in his eyes. 
Could Keira's husband be … 
They were lost in thought when Keira got out of the car, and everyone immediately turned to see who was behind her, but they saw … 
No one else got out. 
They all peered through the car door, looking inside the car, and indeed there was no one else except the driver. 
Mrs. Olsen asked in puzzlement, "Keira, where is your husband?" 
Upon hearing this, Keira paused for a moment. 
Two minutes ago. 
Just as their car had made a turn and was about to arrive at the Olsen residence, Lewis's phone suddenly rang. 
He glanced at the caller ID, and his expression immediately turned grave; he answered the call at once. 
Whatever was said on the other end, Lewis ground his teeth. He looked at Keira apologetically. "I have a very important matter …" 
"Go," she said. 
Keira had never been a sentimental woman; she immediately spoke up. 
But Lewis hesitated, "What about Mrs. Olsen …" 
"There will be plenty of other opportunities for getting acquainted. Let the car stop so I can get out," she said. 
Lewis was usually unreadable in his actions, but this time he looked anxious, clearly an urgent matter was at hand. 
He thought for two seconds, then immediately said, "Stop the car." 
The car stopped at the side of the road, and as Keira was about to get out, Lewis held her arm. "You take the car. The gifts are all in the trunk. I think I can handle this in an hour, and then I'll come and pick you up." 
Leaving those words, he and Tom got out of the car. 
The moment the two men got out of the car, Lewis's bodyguards stopped at the curb in another car. 
Lewis hurried into the car and quickly left. 
Thus, Keira arrived at the Olsens' alone. 
Upon hearing Mrs. Olsen's question and about to say something, her gaze swept over Isla and Jake, and she understood that if she claimed that Lewis was her husband, these two would again accuse her of wishful thinking. 
Sometimes the truth was simply not believed. 
Keira didn't wish to disrupt dinner or exacerbate Mrs. Olsen's concerns, so she simply said with a composed demeanor, "He's busy with something and will come later." 
Taylor couldn't help but interject. "What could he possibly be so busy with?" 
Isla immediately laughed. "Dad, don't say that. Being with family might be the most important thing to you, but for ordinary people, earning some overtime pay is better than anything. Isn't that right, Keira?" 
Mrs. Olsen, not wanting Keira to be embarrassed, quickly interjected. "It's good as long as he can come." 
The driver got out of the car, opened the trunk, and began taking out the prepared gifts one by one. 
The number of gifts wasn't as many as what Jake Horton had brought, but the quality was just as good, if not better. 
After putting down the six gifts, the driver said, "Miss Olsen, I'll wait for you in the car." 
"Okay, thank you," 
Keira said her thanks, then held Mrs. Olsen's arm and led her inside. 
Behind her, Jake Horton suddenly let out a cold laugh, "Keira, my uncle really dotes on you. He even lent you his car and took things from the Horton family for you to give as gifts. But does he know you came with your husband to see your relatives?" 
His words were sarcastic, making Mrs. Olsen frown. 
Keira glanced at him indifferently. "Jake, how did the Horton family teach you manners? Are you so free to pry and joke about an elder's private affairs?" 
Jake was taken aback, clenching his fists. 
Keira smiled a little. 
Mrs. Olsen immediately said, "Jake, there must be some misunderstanding between Keira and Mr. Horton. Don't jump to conclusions. Keira has always been self-reliant; she isn't that kind of person." 
Jake wanted to say something more, but Mrs. Olsen said, "Keira, let's have a chat and wait for your husband." 
Keira said, "That won't be necessary. Mrs. Olsen, let's have dinner." 
Having started her own business, she understood how many things a company had to deal with each day. Lewis said he would come to pick her up, but he might not be able to make it on time. 
With Isla and Jake here... 
She just wanted to check on Mrs. Olsen, then quickly finish the meal and leave. 
Mrs. Olsen obviously understood her intentions and thus led everyone to the dining room. 
They all took their seats. 
The kitchen began to serve the dishes. 
Looking at the dishes in front of her, Isla suddenly said kindly, "Keira, did your husband have dinner? He probably hasn't had such a lavish meal, right? Maybe you should save a bit of each dish for him, so he won't have to eat leftovers." 
Keira didn't respond. 
Isla and Jake were truly a match made in heaven. They never knew when to stop. 
She smiled faintly. "My husband can certainly afford a meal." 
Isla immediately explained, "That's not what I meant..." 
Mrs. Olsen frowned and said sharply, "Isla, that's enough! Keira is Dr. South. Even if her husband has an ordinary job, their family isn't in need of money!" 
Isla pursed her lips and said sarcastically, "Mom, how can you say they aren't short on money? Have you forgotten the last time Keira came to you to borrow money for stock trading?" 
At these words, Jake and Taylor immediately turned their gaze toward Keira. 
Taylor asked with knitted brows. "You went into stock trading? The stock market is so volatile right now; only a fool would enter the market lightly. What stocks were you trading?" 
Isla chimed in. "Keira, did you invest all the money you earned into the stock market and lose it? Is that why you haven't bought a house or a car up to now? Mom is right. As Dr. South, you shouldn't be short of money." 
Keira looked at her with a smile that wasn't quite a smile, "I'm not short of money." 
"If you're not short of money, why did you borrow from Mom to trade stocks?" Isla burst out in anger as she brought up the matter. 
Because Keira borrowed the money, Isla couldn't come up with the five million for Finley, which resulted in Connor killing Finley, and Connor had gone to jail... 
This left her with a ticking time bomb. 
After all, she didn't know when Connor might spill the secret of her parentage! 
Taylor, too, frowned and looked at Mrs. Olsen. "Shirley, you really spoil the child too much. She said she wanted to trade stocks, and you lent her the money? Throwing money into the stock market like that is unwise!" 
Mrs. Olsen defended Keira. "Keira said at the time that she had insider information..." 
"What insider information?" Jake sneered. "I think she probably got scammed! The stock market is dangerous right now. No matter how much money you have, you'd lose it all! Fine if you suffer a loss, but why drag the Olsen family down with you?" 
Keira frowned. She immediately took out her phone and passed it to them. "Who says I lost money?"
###Chapter 130 - 130: DNA Test
Chapter 130 - 130: DNA Test
Keira had never thought about making money from stocks. 
The initial request for a loan from Mrs. Olsen was just an excuse. 
But she would never let Mrs. Olsen engage in a losing deal, so after taking the money, she did put it in the stock market. 
She hadn't lied; there truly was insider information. 
As Nora, she had developed so many clinical drugs that many powerful figures, unable to wait for the drugs to hit the market, had to buy from her. 
Thus, Keira had a strong, invisible social circle. 
Just a while ago, someone who got the medicine from her shared a piece of information, which Keira didn't use for herself but used for Mrs. Olsen. 
At this moment, that particular stock showing on her phone was soaring, almost hitting the daily limit. 
Everyone who looked was stunned. 
The stocks worth sixteen million had doubled in value! 
It was an outrageous profit! 
Mrs. Olsen was also stunned. "That's so profitable! Keira, you must have invested a lot too, right? Take it out now. Stocks like this can't last forever. Earning a bit is enough." 
Mrs. Olsen was very clear-headed and never greedy. 
Keira didn't explain that she hadn't bought any and simply nodded. "I'll sell them tomorrow and transfer the money back to your account." 
Mrs. Olsen immediately said, "Don't. That money was already promised to you as dowry. Isla was right; you should buy a house for yourself, where you and your husband can live together." 
These words carried a clear implication. 
Keira looked toward Isla and Jake. 
After thinking for a moment, she didn't refuse, "Alright." 
This pleased Mrs. Olsen. 
Isla seized the opportunity to speak up. "Keira, it's not that Mom is being nosy, but being someone's mistress is ultimately something disreputable. Look at your mother... She has lived in the shadows her entire life; she's not happy at all. If you were to have children, they would be like you, with an awkward identity, garnering no sympathy. If they live well, people will say they achieved it through scheming; if not, people will say they deserve it..." 
Keira tensed her jaw and put down her fork, about to speak. 
"Shut up!" 
Mrs. Olsen harshly cut Isla off, shocked at what she was hearing. "How could you say such a thing?!" 
But Isla just sneered. 
She was already married to Jake and no longer had to consider Mrs. Olsen's feelings. She said directly, "I'm speaking the truth, aren't I? Besides, I'm doing this for Keira's own good. Or do you think that it's good for Keira to have such a status? You don't mind Poppy at all?" 
Mrs. Olsen was left speechless. 
Isla continued. "I've never seen any illegitimate daughter treated with such sincerity by the wife of the family. Dad said it himself that he wouldn't give her a second thought, but you, you treat her like a gem. Mom, does that mean in your eyes, I don't compare to her?" 
She lowered her head to wipe her tears and then looked toward Keira. "Are you satisfied seeing me being scolded by Mom like this?" 
Keira found Isla utterly nonsensical. She wondered what Isla was up to this time. 
The next moment, Jake suddenly stood up, glaring at Keira. "Enough! An illegitimate daughter keeps causing trouble in this family. Shirley, Taylor, I think you really need to reflect on yourselves! I used to think Isla had changed, but it turns out, Isla grew up in such a family. Your favoritism is the root cause of Isla turning out this way!" 
With his prestigious status, Taylor didn't dare to rebut Jake. 
Mrs. Olsen wanted to say something, but upon seeing Isla's victim-like demeanor, she couldn't bring herself to speak. She reflected on herself. 
Had she really been too harsh on Isla since childhood? 
Mrs. Olsen looked stunned. 
Jake then looked at Keira. "And you, you think you're caring for Mrs. Olsen, but do you know that you have no right to care for her? On what grounds do you care for her? Every time you show concern, it'll drive Mrs. Olsen and Isla apart!" 
After saying this, he frowned. "An illegitimate daughter should stay in her dark corner. Don't keep jumping out to disgust people!" 
He seemed to be scolding Keira, but through her, it was as if he was scolding someone else. 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
Mrs. Olsen had already spoken up to rebuke him. "Jake Horton, you've gone too far!" 
She would never grovel to him just because he had a high status. 
Taylor patted her hand, but Mrs. Olsen withdrew her hand and frowned at Jake and Isla. "A person can't choose their parents. It's unfair of you to speak to her this way!" 
Isla immediately started crying. "Is it fair for you to let her take away the motherly love that belongs to me?" 
Jake also frowned. "Shirley, you need to understand that Isla is your daughter! Keira is your enemy!" 
Mrs. Olsen wanted to say more, but Keira tugged at her sleeve. "Ma'am, don't argue with them." 
Mrs. Olsen was startled. 
Keira stood up. She looked around and put on an indifferent expression. "Ma'am, I came here today just to see how you were. Since you're in good health, I'll take my leave first." 
Mrs. Olsen pursed her lips, looked around, and finally said in resignation, "Then let me see you out." 
"Alright." 
Mrs. Olsen saw her to the door. Watching Keira get into the car, she asked, "Will you come again?" 
"No." 
Keira's reply left Mrs. Olsen feeling a void in her heart. Keira then smiled. "But we can meet somewhere else. You haven't met my husband yet. Next time, I'll formally introduce him to you." 
Mrs. Olsen's smiled, "Alright." 
The Horton family's Bentley quickly left the Olsen residence. 
Once the car turned a corner and disappeared from view, Mrs. Olsen suddenly turned around, took hold of Aunt South's hand, and handed her a strand of hair she had pulled from Keira's head earlier. "Find an agency and get a paternity test done to see if Keira really is Taylor's daughter." 
Aunt South was taken aback. "What do you mean?" 
Mrs. Olsen looked down and didn't answer. 
Aunt South understood that she shouldn't ask any further and nodded. 
Only then did Mrs. Olsen re-enter the dining room, to see Isla, Jake, and Taylor smiling and chatting again as if they would always be a happy, harmonious family without Keira around. 
Yet somehow, Mrs. Olsen always felt something was missing. 
After she walked over, she didn't mention Keira again. 
The family of four finished their meal, then returned to the sofa to chat for a while, and by the time Isla and Jake were leaving, it was already eight o'clock. 
Mrs. Olsen and Taylor saw them out of the living room, and just as they came out, the nanny came running over in a panic. "Madam, Miss Keira's husband has arrived!"
###Chapter 131 - 131: Keira's Husband?
Chapter 131 - 131: Keira's Husband?
Mrs. Olsen was slightly taken aback. 
She then realized that if Keira hadn't left, he was actually just in time. 
Taylor frowned. "He's here now. What's there to panic about?" 
The nanny smiled awkwardly. "I was just a bit scared, that's all." 
Isla snickered. "You're too timid. How intimidating can her husband be to scare you like that? Dad, Mom, let's go and see for ourselves." 
She linked her arm through Jake's and followed behind Taylor and Mrs. Olsen toward the front door. 
Once there, they all frowned upon seeing the man in front of them. 
They saw a tall man standing there, wearing work clothes. He was dirty all over and covered in mud. His face was wiped clean, revealing delicate and deep features, but his hair was a mess. He had clearly just come off a construction site. 
His eyes lit up slightly when he saw them. "Excuse me, is this Keira Olsen's home?" 
Scott Martin was an expatriate who had just returned to Crera to work on real estate projects this year. He didn't understand Crera's culture very well, let alone why, when he had knocked on the door and said he wanted to return Keira's umbrella, the nanny turned and ran upon hearing him. 
His Creran was a bit awkward, making it uncomfortable to listen to. 
Isla's frown deepened. "What dialect is that? Why is his accent so heavy?" 
Jake also showed a disdainful look. 
The man in front of them had a decent face, with deep, thick brows and large eyes. He had a bit of an exotic charm, but his clothes clearly showed he worked at a construction site... 
He hadn't expected Keira to end up with such a gigolo. 
No wonder she clung to Lewis and wouldn't let go. 
Though this man was as handsome as Lewis, when it came to family background, they were worlds apart! 
After he and Isla showed their disdain, Mrs. Olsen promptly said, "Yes, are you here to pick up Keira? She's already left." 
"Left?" 
Scott was slightly perplexed. "She's not here? Sorry, I'll come another day." 
He nodded and was about to leave when Isla suddenly said, "Wait a moment." 
Scott turned back and looked at her, puzzled. 
Isla approached him. "Hello, I'm Keira's half-sister. Why don't we add each other on WhatsApp? It would be easier to contact you in case anything comes up. After all, we're family now." 
Scott immediately nodded. "Sure, I have WhatsApp!" 
He had applied for an account upon returning to the country and barely had any contacts. 
He happily took out his phone, scanned Isla's QR code to add her as a friend, and then said in his awkward Creran, "We can keep in touch anytime." 
"Okay." 
After leaving his contact information, Scott nodded to Mrs. Olsen and Taylor, then regretfully walked away with the small blue umbrella in hand. 
Taylor snorted, "I thought she had married some impressive person. Now we can't even tell her off as we used to when she was at home. Is this all there is to her?" 
Mrs. Olsen immediately looked at him. "Taylor, don't judge a book by its cover. Keira and her husband are still young. They have potential for the future!" 
Taylor muttered softly, "A common blue collar. What future is there in that?" 
Mrs. Olsen wanted to say more, but Isla chuckled. "Dad, you can't say that. Maybe if Keira is willing to support him financially, he could become a contractor in the future, right? Then if we want to renovate our house, we could hire him." 
Mrs. Olsen immediately frowned. "Isla, watch your mouth!" 
Isla pouted. 
With the drama at the Olsen family over, Isla and Jake left in his flamboyant sports car. 
On their way back, Jake couldn't help but ask, "Why did you add him as a friend? What kind of interaction could we possibly have with such a low-life?" 
Isla was busy texting and looked up at him with a smile after hearing his question. "Tomorrow is Professor Miller's birthday, and you're planning to throw him a party, right? You've invited many classmates and joked about bringing family members. Keira will definitely be there, so we should make sure her family gets the invitation too, right?" 
After saying this, she showed him her phone. 
She messaged Scott on WhatsApp. "Tomorrow we have a class reunion. You should come too!" 
Scott replied, "Will Keira be there?" 
Isla said, "Of course. Why else would I invite you?" 
Scott said, "Okay, I'll come too. Smiley face.jpg" 
Isla sent him the hotel address. "See you tomorrow." 
Jake immediately understood the implication and sneered. 
What did it matter if Keira was Dr. South's? Her own hard-earned company hadn't yet gone public, and the annual profit was just tens of millions. 
In this international metropolis, a decent house alone would cost twenty to thirty million. What could her money possibly amount to?! 
And to be married to such a man... 
Jake suddenly looked forward to tomorrow's birthday party. 
... 
Olsen residence. 
After seeing everyone off, Mrs. Olsen went upstairs with a distant look in her eyes. 
Taylor glanced outside and asked with some confusion, "Where's Aunt South?" 
"Well," Mrs. Olsen paused for a moment and lied for some reason. "I asked her to go buy something for me." 
Taylor thought it was some woman's sanitary item and didn't inquire further. "I see. I'm going to the study to finish some work." 
"Sure, go ahead. I'm fine." 
Mrs. Olsen watched Taylor enter the study, and then she returned to her own bedroom. 
She sat quietly on the sofa, staring blankly into the air. 
Because of her poor health, she neglected Isla's discipline, and now her daughter had become unrecognizable. 
It was her fault... 
While she was thinking about it, there was noise from outside. Aunt South had returned. 
She warmed up herself before going into Mrs. Olsen's room so as not to bring in the cold air and risk Mrs. Olsen catching a relapse of her cough. 
Mrs. Olsen immediately stood up and asked, "How did the DNA test results turn out?"
###Chapter 132 - 132: Show Support
Chapter 132 - 132: Show Support
Mrs. Olsen asked with a bit of urgency. 
She didn't know what result she wanted. 
She was even less aware of what the future held. All she knew was that she urgently wanted to clarify whether Keira and Taylor were related! 
After all, the amniocentesis Poppy had undergone should have been impossible to fake. 
So how could Poppy's daughter not be Taylor's daughter? 
Unless... 
A thought flickered through her mind. 
As Mrs. Olsen was pondering, she heard Aunt South's voice. 
"Madam, what's the rush? The normal testing period is three days." 
"Right." 
Mrs. Olsen felt a little disappointed. The epiphany that had sparked in her mind was now gone because of the interruption. 
Forget it. She would wait for the results. 
... 
Keira had no idea that such drama had unfolded at the Olsen family's doorstep. 
At this moment, she had returned to the small villa in the Horton family compound, to her own bedroom. She had already messaged Lewis to tell him she was back, and there was no need for him to come and pick her up. 
But Lewis hadn't replied to her message. 
At first, Keira didn't think much of it, but when it was midnight and there was still no message on her WhatsApp, she couldn't help but glance at her phone. 
She was usually a calm person; she never fretted when someone didn't reply to her messages. 
But this time... 
Had Lewis run into some trouble? 
She suddenly felt a little concerned, so she took out her phone and sent a WhatsApp message to Tom. "Is Mr. Horton still busy?" 
Tom immediately replied, "Yes, it's a bit troublesome." 
Keira said, "If there's anything I can help with, just let me know." 
Tom said, "Well, this isn't really something you can interfere with." 
Keira asked, "Why?" 
Tom said, "I dare not say it. You should ask the boss when you have time." 
Keira frowned when she saw the last message. 
What kind of matter couldn't be mentioned? 
She slightly tilted her head. 
Could it be that Lewis had a mistress on the side? 
The thought seemed ridiculous to her. 
For some time now, Lewis had been spending almost every evening with old Mrs. Horton, and she was there too. Even when she was slandered as a murderer and locked up, Lewis spent those nights... 
Oh, wait, that wasn't right. The night she was hospitalized, Lewis didn't come back all night. 
Was there any connection between these two days? 
Keira shook her head and decided to stop thinking about it. 
She just lay down and went to sleep. 
The next day, Keira slept in until nine o'clock before getting up. Pushing open the door, she saw Fiona and old Mrs. Horton sitting on the couch. 
She casually walked over and asked, "Has Mr. Horton gone to work?" 
Fiona hesitated. 
Keira asked, "What's the matter?" 
Fiona cleared her throat and glanced at old Mrs. Horton before speaking. "Well, Mr. Horton didn't come back last night." 
Keira frowned. 
She took out her phone, only to find out that her WhatsApp message hadn't been replied to. 
She tensed her jaw. 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately picked up her phone upon seeing this. "What's that brat up to? He didn't come home last night. Doesn't he know this affects you two making a baby?" 
Keira was speechless. 
No sooner had old Mrs. Horton dialed out than a ringtone rang out outside the door. 
Everyone looked up to see Lewis stride in. 
He appeared to have gone without sleep all night, with a hint of weariness in his eyes and a touch of redness in his eyes. 
He was now pulling out a mobile phone from his pocket, saw it was old Mrs. Horton calling, hung up, and then said, "Sorry, I'm back for a shower and a change of clothes." 
After he hung up, he seemed to notice the message from Keira on WhatsApp, so he looked at her, "Sorry, I didn't look at my phone last night." 
Too busy to look at his phone all night... 
What was he busy with? 
Although Keira was somewhat curious, she nodded all the same. 
She was never one to make a fuss. 
Lewis started walking to the bedroom, but then he suddenly stopped in his tracks and looked toward Keira. 
She was wearing a casual blazer and slim-fit jeans today, looking more formal than usual—it was clear she was heading out. 
He asked, "Are you... going out for something?" 
"Yes, it's..." Keira saw his tired face and swallowed the part about Professor Miller's birthday. "There's a bit of a situation at the company. I need to go there for a bit." 
She and Samuel had a company that was recently busy with the IPO, which Lewis knew about, so he nodded and left her with, "If you need help, just ask," before entering the bedroom. 
Keira wasn't exactly lying. 
After having breakfast, she did go to the company where there were documents needing her signature and some work waiting for her attention. 
She used to handle these once a week. 
It had been busy recently, and things had piled up quite a bit, so she was busy until half past eleven before heading to Professor Miller's birthday celebration after finishing up. 
... 
Lewis took a quick shower and then lay on the sofa to catch up on a couple of hours of sleep. 
He didn't set an alarm; his strong self-discipline meant he woke up precisely at eleven, changed into a new suit, readied himself, and headed out. 
It was then he realized that Isla and Jake were also there, chatting with old Mrs. Horton. 
Lewis originally didn't want to bother with them, but just as he was about to leave, he heard Isla's voice deliberately raised. "Grandma, later we're going to Professor Miller's birthday. Jake and I will attend his celebration. Keira is going too, oh, and her husband is also going." 
Lewis immediately stopped in his tracks. 
Her husband was going too? 
How come he didn't know? 
His brows twisted in a frown. He halted, turned to pour a glass of water, and wasn't in a rush to leave anymore. 
As expected, without him needing to say a word, old Mrs. Horton spoke up. "That brat is going too? Then why didn't you leave with my granddaughter-in-law!" 
Isla said, "Great-grandma, you must be mistaken. Keira isn't your granddaughter-in-law. She's married with a husband. Yesterday Jake and I saw him at the Olsen house!" 
Lewis, drinking water, was perplexed. 
He suddenly frowned, his gaze turning sharp as he looked at her, a domineering pressure immediately bearing down. 
Isla could feel the fury too. Standing up to that intimidating look, she said, "Mr. Horton, it's true. Her husband is a construction worker. He works on the building site, and he'll be going to the class reunion as well." 
A construction worker? Working on the building site? 
Lewis felt like he could hardly breathe. Was this how these people looked down on Keira? 
He suddenly realized that when he asked Keira where she was going today, she had hesitated before replying... It was obvious that she was worried she might disturb his rest. 
He hadn't accompanied her to the Olsen house last night, and today's class reunion was sure to be another affair full of comparisons. 
Lewis asked, "Where is the gathering?" 
Isla promptly said, "It's arranged by Jake, at the Emperor Palace Hotel." 
Lewis grabbed his suit jacket and turned to leave. 
Getting into the car, the driver asked, "Sir, where to?" 
"Emperor Palace Hotel."
###Chapter 133 - 133: Old Classmate
Chapter 133 - 133: Old Classmate
Keira had been dealing with some documents in the office, and by the time she finished, it was already eleven o'clock. Samuel had an engagement at the Emperor Palace Hotel, so the two went together. 
Underground parking garage. 
Samuel grabbed the driver's side door, looking unsurely at Keira. "Boss, are you sure you're driving?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Got a problem?" 
Of course, Samuel wouldn't say anything. 
He walked to the passenger seat with great inner conflict, then buckled up his seatbelt with a look of despair. 
Keira sat excitedly in the driver's seat, starting the car. 
The intense roaring sound of the sports car echoed in the underground garage, making Samuel cringe and close his eyes. 
Then, he felt the car shake violently for a moment before it slowly started moving. 
He wished he could shrink into his seat so no one would see his face. 
Embarrassing! 
So embarrassing! 
Who would drive a sports car at thirty miles per hour? 
He quietly turned his head to look at Keira, who was driving carefully. "Boss, aren't you in a hurry?" 
"Nope." 
Keira said, "The birthday banquet doesn't start until twelve, and it's just a five-kilometer journey from here to the Emperor Palace Hotel. An hour is more than enough." 
"..." 
Samuel twitched the corner of his mouth. "Boss, don't you think... you're driving too slowly?" 
Keira looked seriously ahead. "It's much faster than walking. I'm not on a highway, and besides, I lack iron in my system. I usually need to pay attention to safety. What if there's a car accident?" 
"..." 
Samuel covered his face, feeling the other cars whizzing past, their curious glances making him want to crawl into a hole in the ground. 
The dignity of his sports car had been lost all along the way! 
Finally, the car arrived at the Emperor Palace Hotel parking lot, and Keira got out of the driver's seat. "Haven't driven for a long time. The experience was quite nice this time." 
Turning her head and seeing that Samuel hadn't gotten out of the car, she went around to the passenger side and opened the door. "Mr. Morgan, aren't you getting out?" 
Samuel twitched the corner of his mouth and then got out of the car, taking the keys Keira threw to him. "I have an appointment with a client at eleven-thirty. I'm off." 
He hurried up the stairs. 
Keira went to the elevator entrance and waited for the elevator. 
Suddenly, someone spoke up. "Keira Olsen?" 
Keira turned around in surprise, only to see a college peer, Charles Riley, standing next to her, also waiting for the elevator. 
When Charles saw her turn around, a flash of shock passed through his eyes. "It really is you!" 
Keira nodded, greeting him. "Hello." 
Charles was a bit surprised. 
Keira was truly stunning. Even in college where she was a loner and didn't interact much, she was voted the campus belle. But she rarely communicated with her classmates. Even if someone greeted her, she would just nod and leave as if nothing happened. 
It was as if she wouldn't consider anyone worth her attention. 
But now, she has changed a lot. There seemed to be a light in her eyes, which made Charles unable to recognize her for a moment. 
However... 
Charles glanced a few times toward the sports car parked in the parking lot and then asked, "Haven't you found a job yet? Graduation was almost two months ago, right?" 
Keira looked at him blankly. "What?" 
Charles pointed at the sports car. "I just saw you get out. Are you working as a designated driver now?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
Just as she was about to say something, Charles said, "I've just joined a really awesome company. Do you know who the head of that company is?" 
Keira shook her head. 
Charles smiled. "It's Dr. South! Surprised?" 
Keira was indeed quite surprised. "What?" 
Charles pointed to the sports car. "You just took that order, right? You don't even know what you missed. That Mr. Morgan who was just here is the person in charge of our company, but actually, the boss of our company is Dr. South!" 
Charles lifted his chin, his face showing a smile and pride. "Dr. South, eh? Who in the new energy sector doesn't know him? He's simply awesome. In these two months at the company, just by looking at internal documents, I've learned so much." 
Keira nodded. "I see." 
Charles looked at her again. "Keira, it's indeed a bit tough for college graduates to find jobs. I remember you had good grades in college. Do you want me to refer you internally?" 
When Keira was in college, she always kept a distance from Isla. 
She strived to minimize her presence. 
Therefore, very few of her college classmates knew of her relationship with Isla. 
Besides, the worldviews of her college classmates were pretty much set in stone, and most of them had sympathy for the underdog. 
Keira felt the kindness in Charles's offer and smiled. "Thanks, but that won't be necessary." 
Dazzled by her smile, Charles scratched his head in an honest manner. The bubbly young man didn't think much about it. He thought she was just being shy, so he immediately said, "Our company is quite hard to get into, but I'll refer you. Keira, you don't need to be shy. It's common for college classmates to ask each other for referrals." 
The elevator arrived, and the two entered. The elevator doors slowly closed. 
Charles continued. "Back in college, I didn't interact with you much, but we were all classmates. We should get in touch more. Let's exchange WhatsApp details, shall we?" 
He took out his phone and opened up a QR code, "You can scan me." 
"..." 
Faced with such an enthusiastic classmate, Keira hesitated for a moment but eventually scanned and added him as a friend. 
Charles saw her friend request and immediately smiled. "Your avatar is the same as Dr. South's, all yellow. It's pretty rare to see that kind of avatar." 
Keira said, "...It's a sunflower." 
"Really?" Charles opened Keira's avatar and looked at it closely. "Haha, it really is." 
Just as he was thinking this, Charles suddenly realized something, and he quickly opened up the company's WhatsApp group. 
The group owner of the WhatsApp chat group was Dr. South. 
Charles had already tried to click on the big boss's WhatsApp countless times to study it in detail. 
Even though on the first day of joining the company, Samuel sternly instructed them not to add Dr. South on WhatsApp privately, curiosity was hard to resist. 
Unfortunately, Dr. South had disabled the feature to add him through group chat, so ordinary employees in the company could only look longingly at that avatar. 
At this moment, Charles couldn't help but look at that avatar again. 
Was it a sunflower? 
Because the photo was taken so close, the entire image was just a field of yellow, so he had never paid attention before. 
He tapped on the avatar, wanting to enlarge it for a closer look. 
But as soon as he clicked on it, he discovered... 
Huh?! 
How come he and Dr. South were friends?! 
He rubbed his eyes, thinking he saw it wrong. 
But looking at it again, they definitely were friends. 
Charles was stunned, and then he suddenly realized something and abruptly looked up at Keira!
###Chapter 134 - 134: Comparison
Chapter 134: Comparison 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The elevator arrived. 
Keira stepped out of the elevator and headed toward the reserved private room. 
Charles swallowed hard, took a few quick steps, and came up beside her. He still couldn’t believe it and wanted to confirm something, but he didn’t know what to say. 
It was then he realized that when someone was extremely surprised, they actually couldn’t speak. 
Charles pointed to his phone, then pointed at Keira. 
Keira smiled at him kindly, and then Charles just followed her into the private room, looking somewhat dumb. 
The Horton family had a solid status in Oceanion, and Emperor Palace Hotel was a part of Horton Group’s enterprises, so it was very easy for Jake to book a VIP private room here. 
The large private room featured a huge table that could seat twenty to thirty people. 
When Keira entered the room, there were already a dozen or so people inside. 
They all just graduated this year, so the discussion wasn’t about trivial family matters but about work. 
As soon as Keira and Charles entered, the room quieted down momentarily. 
The gaze of the male students all fell on Keira. 
After all, during their school days, this seemingly unapproachable beauty was so aloof that the only legends in the class were about her, and the only person who could have a few words with her was Jake. 
Keira was the goddess in the hearts of many male students. 
Seeing Charles entering with Keira, and noticing that his eyes were somewhat glazed over as he dumbly followed her, it wasn’t until she reached a seat that he suddenly realized something and hurriedly pulled out a chair for her. “Please… please have a seat.” 
This was his boss, the owner of the company! 
Charles’s actions, however, led to a misunderstanding, and everyone started teasing him. 
“Charles, what’s your relationship with Keira?” 
“How did you come together? Come on, what happened after graduation that we don’t know about?” 
Charles panicked and immediately waved his hands. “Don’t talk nonsense!” 
Him with Dr. South?! 
He wouldn’t! 
Leaving these words, Charles took a seat next to Keira. 
This was an opportunity to get on good terms with the boss, and he couldn’t let it slip by. 
Next to them was a young woman named Erin Davis. She had kept an eye on them since they entered the room. She had always liked Charles during college. They were WhatsApp friends and had been in frequent touch over the past two months, but nothing was settled yet. 
Now, Charles’s attentive gesture to Keira was more than Erin could bear. 
She spoke in a sarcastic tone. “Keira, I heard from Isla that you hadn’t found a job yet.” 
Keira raised an eyebrow and looked at her without saying a word. 
Erin continued. “You don’t have to feel embarrassed. There are so many classmates here today. If you haven’t found a job, you can ask everyone to introduce you to one. Oh, our receptionist just quit, and we’re hiring. Do you want to give it a try?” 
Keira frowned. 
Charles then spoke up. “Don’t be ridiculous. How could D… I mean, how could Keira possibly work as a receptionist!” 
Erin scoffed. “What? Do you look down on receptionists? It’s a proper job! And do you think being a receptionist is so easy?” 
Charles immediately said, “That’s not what I meant, but Keira… the field she studied doesn’t match with being a receptionist!” 
“But she hasn’t been able to find a job. Maybe because her grades in her major weren’t that good, right? Keira has one advantage, though; she’s pretty and could be the face of the company. I’m thinking of her best interests. After all, it’s been more than two months since graduation. Doesn’t Keira feel the pressure to earn a living?” 
Keira frowned and snorted. “I don’t need you to worry about my affairs.” 
She knew that at a class reunion like this, she was bound to encounter ostracism. 
After all, when Isla transferred to her department in the university, she had indeed spurred the other girls to isolate Keira. 
But today was Professor Miller’s birthday; he was like a teacher and a father to her, so she had to be here. 
Keira carried an air of aloofness. With her words, Erin was speechless and seemed a bit angry as she said condescendingly, “I overstepped. I was just worried that you were struggling to find a job. Since you’re ungrateful, I’ll just drop it!” 
A young man also thought Keira’s attitude a bit inappropriate, so he frowned and said, “We’re all classmates here. Maybe the tone of our conversation isn’t the best, but it’s for your own good, Keira. There’s no need to be so dismissive, right?” 
Erin pretended to be apologetic. “Don’t say that, I shouldn’t have brought it up at the reunion. After all, this is Keira’s private matter, and it was indeed embarrassing for her. Keira, if you’re really bothered by this, then I apologize.” 
The young man let out a cold laugh. “I don’t understand why we can’t talk about this at a class reunion. Isn’t this a fact? Is it all about saving face without asking for help? Keira, sometimes in life, you shouldn’t care about such ethereal things too much. It’s better to be down-to-earth!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Her gaze became even colder. “Sometimes, the best thing to do is not to meddle in others’ business, right?” 
“You!” 
The young man was angry and pointed at her. He only managed to say one word before Erin grabbed his arm. “Okay, okay, let’s not talk about this anymore. Next topic?” 
The man scoffed, “She really doesn’t appreciate good intentions!” 
Seeing she had the upper hand, Erin laughed and changed the subject. “Actually, talking about jobs, among us, Charles found the best job! Do you know who he’s working under?” 
Everyone became curious all at once. “Who?” 
Erin looked at Keira and asked, “Keira, do you know?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She didn’t understand why this person suddenly called her out; she simply took a sip of her tea, glanced at Charles, and said, “I’m not too sure.” 
Erin immediately laughed. “Hasn’t Charles told you? He works under Dr. South!” 
As soon as these words came out, everyone was stunned, and then they turned toward Charles with curiosity, bombarding him with questions. 
“Is Dr. South a man or a woman?” 
“What kind of question is that? Definitely a man, a cultured and scholarly middle-aged man!” 
“Charles, have you met Dr. South in person? Can you get me his autograph?” 
“My gosh, to think a classmate of mine works under Dr. South. I’ll be proud to tell everyone about it!” 
“Charles, come on, tell us about Dr. South’s work!” 
“Even if you can’t reveal Dr. South’s private matters, you can talk about your new research projects!” 
Charles, who was already impatient with everyone ridiculing Keira, immediately turned to her upon hearing this. “Dr. South is not as far away as you think, but rather right before your eyes..”
###Chapter 135 - 135= True Identity
Chapter 135= True Identity 
Translator: Henyee Translations , Editor: Henyee Translations 
When Charles made this statement, everyone was stunned and looked at him 
in confusion. 
“What do you mean? Will Dr. South come today? 
Charles couldn’t help but feel a vague sense of exhilaration. 
It was as though a maestro was right beside them, yet these people were blissfully unaware. 
He was about to say something… 
Keira gave him a fleeting glance. 
Even though she didn’t speak, Charles immediately understood. 
Dr. South had kept her information so confidential because she didn’t want to 
be exposed. 
Thinking about it, he could understand why. 
With so many classmates here, all involved in new energy, if they knew she was Dr. South, Keira would never have a moment’s peace. 
He coughed and frowned, saying, “Is Dr. South’s business something you can inquire about? Honestly, I just met Dr. South in person today myself!” That’s how cheeky boys often talked, and it sparked laughter among the crowd. 
“Right, right, we’re not worthy of inquiring…” 
“Dr. South is now the top expert in our industry. Our company has always wanted to cooperate with him, but Mr. Morgan from your company is impenetrable. No matter how many gifts our boss has sent him, it’s been no use.” 
“Your Mr. Morgan is pretty slick, too…” 
The conversation veered off, as everyone started to complain about their bosses and corporate life, including someone who said, “Interns at our company have absolutely no rights! They spend their days buying coffee for the staff, dealing with printing, doing grunt work – it’s ridiculous! 
“Same with us, but I don’t indulge them. I’m a graduate of Oceanion University, so why should I do menial tasks for them? They don’t pay me double the 
salary!” 
“Hahaha, looks like college graduates are reforming the workplace!” 
Amidst the lively discussion, more people continued to arrive. 
They were old classmates, each joining in the chat. 
Keira was low-key and didn’t talk much. She was soon overlooked by others, which she found rather pleasant. 
After a while, most of the classmates almost arrived. High-profile individuals like Jake and Isla finally made their entrance. 
The moment the two appeared at the entrance, everyone immediately stood 
up. 
“Mr. Horton is here!” 
“Whoa, today we’re feasting in such a fancy hotel, and it’s all thanks to Mr. 
Horton!” 
“I hesitated at the door and hardly dared to come in. It’s so luxurious – how much would a meal here cost?” 
“You don’t know? This hotel is owned by the Horton family. Mr. Horton is treating us to dinner, and it probably doesn’t cost him a thing! 
The crowd jested playfully, each chiming in as they gathered around Jake, escorting him to the table and offering him a seat next to the place of honor. Seeing these old classmates, Jake felt a tinge of nostalgia for the innocent days of college, and the austerity in his eyes seemed to lessen for a moment. 
Isla was like a perfect ornament, gracefully sitting next to him, arm in arm. 
After he and Isla sat down, he looked around and asked, “What’s everyone talking about?” 
“Hey, aren’t we just discussing work? It’s been two months since graduation, and most of us have found jobs or have been admitted to grad school…” 
Jake took the opportunity to speak. “Well, if there’s anything work-related that 
I can help with, just let me know.” 
Someone immediately laughed and said, “Forget it. Who doesn’t know that the Horton Group only hires masters and doctoral graduates? We’re only undergraduates. Even if we got in through your connections, we would only embarrass you if we can’t do the job well! 
“Hahaha, we don’t want to struggle at the Horton Group. There’s no way we can keep up!” 
While everyone was laughing, Erin shifted her glance and suddenly said, “Speaking of which, there’s actually someone among us who hasn’t found a job yet. Mr. Horton, do you remember Keira? Maybe you could help her out?” 
Erin and Isla still kept in touch, but not much. 
By bringing this up, her intention was to embarrass Keira. Everyone knew that during college, Jake pursued Keira for four whole years! It had started from the first year, and the entire college knew about it. Unfortunately, at the graduation ceremony, Jake heJd a bouquet of flowers but proposed to Isla instead. 
Erin felt that mentioning this was an insult to Keira. 
But as soon as she said this, she failed to notice both Jake and Isla’s expressions stiffen momentarily. 
Give Keira a job at the Horton Group? 
Dr. South didn’t need a job referral. Not only that, but Isla was currently hell-bent on getting Keira out of the Horton family. How could she possibly allow Keira to become even more entangled with the Horton family? 
Isla, displeased, looked down and said nothing. 
Jake also abruptly clenched his fists, his gaze falling on Keira. 
But Charles couldn’t listen to this anymore. “Erin, what’s wrong with you? Why are you always targeting Keira? You know perfectly well what happened between Keira and Mr. Horton. Is it fun for you to deliberately bring it up?” Charles’s blunt words made everyone at the table look disapprovingly at Erm. 
If Erin had initially appeared to be concerned about her classmate, now it was crystal clear to everyone that she was targeting Keira. 
Reprimanded by Charles, Erin felt a wave of mortification, and anger rose in her chest. She bit her lip in fury as she glared at him, then snapped angrily. “I just think Keira is the worst off among us, and I wanted Mr. Horton to help her out for old time’s sake! She probably wouldn’t dare to ask for help herself! 
What’s wrong with that?” 
Although few people believed her, someone still stepped up to mediate. “Okay, that’s enough. Let’s stop there. Charles, really, we’re having a reunion. Why are you so sensitive?” 
That made Erin instantly feel wronged, and tears welled up in her. She looked at Keira, who sat there as if it had nothing to do with her and sneered. “Exactly, what’s with all the fuss, Charles? If others didn’t know better, they might think you’re hooking up with Keira!” 
Charles was astonished. 
He was taken aback and immediately exclaimed, “How am I worthy! Don’t be ridiculous!” 
His words further agitated Erin. 
She liked Charles, but he just said he was unworthy of Keira. Didn’t that mean she ranked below Keira?! 
Erin immediately sneered. “How are you not worthy? I heard Keira’s master’s degree recommendation was canceled, and now she hasn’t gone on to grad school, nor found a job. She’s always been working part-time all through college, right? And now without a proper job, she’s just relying on her looks. What use is that? No wonder Mr. Horton didn’t choose her in the end! Look at Isla. She was admitted to Dr. South’s graduate program! Charles, don’t think you’re any better just because you work under Dr. South! Isla is Dr. South’s graduate student. Has she ever boasted or been arrogant?” 
Isla was shocked. 
She immediately clenched her fists, wishing she could silence Erin! 
It was true that after Keira’s identity as Dr. South was revealed, she accepted an offer from Oceanion University, but the graduate program was left behind. 
Bringing up that now was so embarrassing! 
She was about to change the subject when Charles already looked at Keira with surprise, asking, “Dr.. South, did you accept Isla as your graduate student?!”
###Chapter 136 - 136: Slap in the Face
Chapter 136: Slap in the Face 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
Charles was truly shocked. 
Isla and Keira had always had a strained relationship at the university; it was something everyone vaguely sensed. 
They just didn’t know why. 
Later at the graduation ceremony, when Jake proposed to Isla, it led everyone to speculate that the two women had tensions because of a man. 
So, why had Dr. South taken on Isla as her research student? 
Without thinking, he blurted out the question. 
And with those words, everyone at the dinner table turned to look at him, their eyes wide with shock. 
Someone couldn’t help but ask hesitantly, “Charles, what did you just say?” 
Charles was speechless. 
He immediately looked apologetically at Keira. 
Keira actually didn’t care. 
She didn’t want to reveal her identity because she didn’t want to be approached by too many people, but at this point, even if it was revealed, it didn’t matter anymore. 
Just as she was about to say something, Erin’s voice chimed in. “Charles, what are you implying? Are you actually suggesting that Keira is Dr. South? What kind of joke is that?” 
The others laughed. 
“Charles, you really can say anything!” 
“Don’t stir up trouble here and make a big deal out of nothing.” 
“Dr. South is so prominent in the new energy industry. How could he be a young woman in her twenties? Three years ago, he published a paper when we were just sophomores and still not very clear about the core technology of new energy!” 
“Charles, you really are a joker…” 
Seeing that nobody believed him, Charles’s stubborn nature kicked in. “Why would I lie to you guys? I work at Dr. South’s company. How could I not know who Dr. South is?! Keira is Dr. South!” 
Everyone turned to look at Keira in unison. 
Erin said, “Keira, say something! He’s claiming you’re Dr. South. Surely you wouldn’t dare admit it?” 
“Charles, just shut it. The person herself hasn’t spoken, and you know you can’t impersonate that identity, so what are you even saying?” 
“Better shut up fast!” 
“Such an international joke isn’t funny at all.” 
Charles looked at everyone with a wronged expression. “Why won’t you guys believe me?” 
He looked toward Keira. 
He wanted her to say something, but then he suddenly remembered that Keira always kept her identity private. He had just blurted it out in a moment of urgency. 
He now regretted it. 
It was wrong to reveal her identity without Dr. South’s consent. 
He didn’t dare to ask Keira to cover for him, so he could only silently sigh and hang his head. 
But to his surprise, the next moment he heard her quiet voice beside him. “He’s right.” 
Charles was dumbfounded. 
He couldn’t believe it and looked at Keira incredulously, “You, you’re admitting it?” 
“Yes,” Keira replied, holding her teacup and taking a sip. “There was really no need for secrecy to begin with.” 
Charles laughed. “That’s right, absolutely right!” 
The way the two conversed made many people frown, yet they still found it hard to believe. 
Erin’s gaze swept over Charles and Keira, finally seeming to understand something. “Charles, you’ve suddenly become so polite and protective of her today. Is that it? I remember you two didn’t really interact before!” 
Charles nodded. “We’re all classmates. There’s no enmity. It’s just that today, by chance, I found out she’s Dr. South…” 
Erin laughed. “You’ve been duped, right? Keira, you’ve got quite the tactics! You’re picking out anyone at random and spinning them around with lies. You’re pretending to be Dr. South just so Charles would protect you at the banquet, aren’t you? So hypocritical!” 
After that, she turned to Charles. “And you, you’re pretty foolish. Is anything she says the truth? How old is she? Could Dr. South be someone so young? Use your brain, will you?!” 
Dr. South’s presence in the field of new energy was incredibly strong. 
He was the sole authoritative figure in recent years! 
His papers published over these years had driven the research in new energy forward by a great leap. He alone had propelled the development of new energy. 
Thus, people in this field had a deep fascination with Dr. South. 
Dr. South was low-profile. A thousand people had a thousand different perceptions of Dr. South, but one thing presumably remained the same—Dr. South’s age. 
He was most likely in his prime, with enough experience and scholarship. How could he be a student who just graduated from college? 
This was simply ludicrous! 
The classmates simply didn’t believe it and began to speak one after another. 
“Keira is probably just joking with Charles, right?” 
“There must be some misunderstanding… But Charles, you’re already a working professional. How can you still be so naive?” 
“Dr. South joined our school as a special advisor, and Professor Miller is now the dean of the Energy School. He must have met Dr. South. Such a lie is easy to see through…” 
Charles was caught between laughter and tears. “Why don’t you believe it? Keira hasn’t lied to me. She didn’t even intend to reveal her identity. It was after I asked to add her on WhatsApp that I found out…” 
Erin sneered. “You must be bewitched! Forget Professor Miller, let’s ask Isla. Isla, weren’t you about to be recruited as Dr. South’s graduate student? You must have met Dr. South, right? Tell us, is she Dr. South?” 
Isla clenched her fists, feeling a surge of humiliation. 
How could she possibly stand up for Keira? 
She laughed dismissively, changing the subject. “I’ve given up on grad school. I thought it over, and I don’t see the use in it… It’s better to take over the family business sooner.” 
Erin was startled. “So you haven’t met Dr. South either?” 
Isla didn’t respond, while Jake frowned. “Alright, let’s drop this topic. Today is Professor Miller’s birthday. Let’s focus on discussing how to celebrate.” 
With Jake speaking, everyone conveniently shifted the topic, though some whispered. 
“Mr. Horton is still holding onto past feelings, and tries to protect Keira’s dignity!” 
“Definitely. After all, he courted his goddess for four years but ended up with nothing… That must be eating him up inside for a lifetime!” 
“But Keira is so absurd, coming up with such lies…” 
As the crowd buzzed with discussion, Professor Miller arrived, looking travel-worn. He apologized as soon as he stepped in. “I had a class this morning, so I’m late. Sorry to have kept you waiting, guys!” 
Everyone immediately stood up to welcome him, exchanging polite words. 
Just then, Erin suddenly said in a high-pitched voice, “Professor Miller, you missed quite the drama while you weren’t here! Did you know? Keira claimed she was Dr. South.. Hilarious, right?!”
###Chapter 137 - 137: Husband?
Chapter 137: Husband? 
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations 
The moment these words were spoken, the entire private room fell silent. 
Everyone turned their eyes to Erin. 
Someone whispered, “Didn’t Mr. Horton just say that this matter is over? Why bring it up again?” 
Others commented. “Well, when someone’s lies are too outrageous, should they not be called out? Mr. Horton and Isla spared her feelings by not exposing her, out of consideration for past relationships, but we shouldn’t cater to her behavior.” 
Jake and Isla, who had been in high spirits, both stiffened at these words. 
Jake immediately glanced at Isla. 
Isla coughed and tried to shift the topic. “Today is Professor Miller’s birthday. Let’s raise our glasses and wish Professor Miller a happy birthday first!” 
At her words, everyone started raising their glasses. 
Keira stood among the crowd, also picking up her glass with an indifferent expression. Only Charles seemed indignant and displeased. 
Professor Miller was ushered to the seat of honor, and he too picked up his glass upon seeing this. 
“Sir, happy birthday to you. We wish you good health! Many happy returns!” 
After the students congratulated him in unison, Professor Miller beamed and raised his glass. Just when everyone was about to sit down, he suddenly addressed Keira. “Keira, come here. Sit next to me!” 
He pointed to the empty seat beside him. “I finally caught you. I have some questions to discuss with you!” 
These words left everyone in shock. 
All eyes turned to Keira in disbelief. 
Keira hesitated for a moment and then, with a hint of resignation, moved to Professor Miller’s side. “Professor, happy birthday.” 
“Yes, happy! I’m happy just because you came!” Professor Miller said, “I called you so many times to come meet me at the college, and you always found excuses not to come… Today, I’ve finally caught you. You can’t rush off this afternoon! You must have a long chat with me.” 
Keira couldn’t help but laugh, “Professor, I’ve genuinely been busy…” 
She had been preoccupied with taking care of old Mrs. Horton and matching wits with Isla. Professor Miller’s WhatsApp messages and calls had to be declined for the time being. 
Their conversation was intimate, and Erin sneered softly. “This Keira really knows how to play her cards right. It seems pretty people can impress just about anyone. Professor Miller is so strict with us, but he’s always smiling at her…” 
The rest of the students also found it strange and started discussing in private. 
Hearing these increasingly absurd comments, Charles spoke up. “Professor Miller, please tell everyone that Keira is Dr. South! They didn’t believe me just now when I told them…” 
Professor Miller looked at everyone with a smile. “Alright, today I’ll formally introduce her to you all. Here’s my colleague seated beside me. Your fellow student, Keira, is none other than Dr. South, the distinguished professor in energy studies at Oceanion University! She’s your classmate, and in the future, if you have technical questions, you can ask her for assistance!” 
After that, he looked at Keira. “Keira, if your classmates come to you, don’t be haughty!” 
Instant silence fell upon the entire room. 
Everyone’s eyes widened in disbelief as they turned to Keira. 
If they could still argue that Charles might have been deceived by her, Professor Miller was the dean! An authority within the college! His words couldn’t possibly be false!! 
The crowd quickly came to their senses. 
The rest of the students were quite direct and immediately apologized to Keira. 
“Keira, I’m really sorry. We truly didn’t realize…” 
“Yes, yes, please forgive us for our rudeness just now. It’s just that it was really beyond our wildest thoughts!” 
“Keira, I just followed others blindly. Please don’t take it to heart…” 
Everyone immediately gathered around Keira to apologize. They all worked in new energy, so who would dare to offend Dr. South, the big shot? 
Keira was quick to let it go and raised her wine glass. “No worries.” 
Then she drank half a glass, exuding an air of magnanimity that seemed to dissolve all past grievances with a smile. 
Everyone put their apologies into their drinks, and with a toast to Keira, that matter was put behind them. 
Only Erin stood there, dazed, watching Keira and Charles in disbelief. She had been blinded by jealousy just moments before but now finally realized what was happening. 
It turned out that Charles was so polite to Keira because she was his boss. 
But Erin knew that her sour and sharp attitude had been witnessed by Charles, and he would never pay her any attention again. Like just now, he couldn’t even bother to glance at her. 
She was secretly in love with him for four years. Things had just started getting hopeful, but that hope now suddenly vanished… 
Isla also lowered her eyes in resentment. 
She knew that once Keira’s status as Dr. South was revealed, the focus of everyone would shift to her! And indeed, it had! 
Isla bit her lip and glanced at Jake before suddenly standing up with a smile. “Professor, I have some good news to report. Jake and I are married!” 
With those words, everyone’s attention did indeed turn back to her. 
“Congratulations!” 
“That was fast, have you had the wedding feast? Remember to invite us when the time comes. We’re all classmates after all!” 
“Yes, yes, let us also witness an upper-class wedding! Marrying into wealth really is different. The two of you getting married must be a match made in heaven!” 
“My goodness, you guys are so early, so fast. You must be the first among our classmates to get married, right?” 
Erin’s gaze shifted between Keira and Isla, and suddenly she said, “Isla, you really are lucky, marrying Mr. Horton and becoming a wealthy wife. No matter how capable some people are, what of it? In the end, they still have to fight on their own, and who knows which man will benefit from that in the future! So, you see, no matter how successful your career is, it’s not as good as marrying well!” 
Upon hearing this, Isla felt much more satisfied. Marrying Jake was indeed the matter she was most proud of! 
She said with a smile, “You can’t really say that though. Not only is Keira successful in her career, but she also got married the earliest among our classmates because she registered even earlier than me, right after graduation!” 
“What?” 
The crowd was even more astonished and turned to Keira all at once. “Dr. South, you’re married too? It must be to some big industry leader, right?” 
“Yeah, yeah, who is your husband? Why not bring him along sometime and let us meet him?” 
Keira looked down and said something polite. “Next time, I’ll introduce him to everyone.” 
“There’s no need for next time.” Isla suddenly smirked and raised her phone. “He’s already here, about to enter. Keira, I was the one who called him over. You wouldn’t blame me, would you?” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Meanwhile, Lewis was at the door of the private room and heard this sentence..
###Chapter 138 - 138: Here He Comes
Chapter 138 - 138: Here He Comes
Keira looked at Isla's cellphone, only to find her chatting with someone she didn't know. 
The other party had sent a message. "I'm already at the entrance. Which private room is it?" 
Isla had sent the name of the room. 
The other party wrote, "I'll be there in a moment." 
This puzzling chat history left Keira full of bewilderment. At that moment, there was a commotion at the entrance, and everyone looked over. 
Outside, Lewis's steps halted slightly as he suddenly turned his head. 
Following behind him, Tom couldn't help but ask, "Boss, aren't you going in?" 
But when he noticed the direction of his gaze, Tom then turned his head and saw a man in work clothes, with traces of mud on him, stride in. 
Scott had specially washed his face today, but he hadn't had time to change clothes. 
Moreover, in his own country, dress codes weren't that important. Events like a high school reunion were just about everyone getting together to have fun. Someone of his background wouldn't be looked down upon, as no matter what he wore, he'd be praised anyway. 
So he didn't think much of it and, after arriving beside the two, he smiled politely and asked, "Excuse me, is this the Purple Bamboo Garden Room?" 
Lewis clenched his jaw tightly, while Tom looked up at the name of the room, nodded, and asked, "Are you also here for the high school reunion?" 
"No, I'm here to find Keira." 
Scott smiled and then pushed the door open and entered. 
Tom was stunned. He turned to look at Lewis. "Boss, what's his relationship with Miss Olsen?" 
Lewis almost gnashed his teeth and said, "How should I know!" 
Inside the private room. 
After the door was opened, Scott walked in. 
Keira wasn't sure if it was her imagination, but it seemed that in the instant the door opened, she caught a glimpse of Lewis. 
But wasn't he supposed to be catching up on sleep? 
How could he be here... 
Keira felt she must have been mistaken. As she was pondering, Erin's annoyingly sharp voice suddenly rang out. "Keira, is this your husband?" 
Husband? 
Keira looked at Scott, puzzled, feeling he seemed vaguely familiar but couldn't recall where from. After all, when she gave him an umbrella yesterday, his face was all covered in mud. With his clean face today, people could see his striking features. 
His foreign features made him exceptionally handsome. He was even better looking than the celebrities on television. 
He was such a ruggedly handsome man that just by standing there, he could make everyone else in the room seem lackluster by comparison. 
He was almost as handsome as Lewis. 
Keira was about to shake her head when Erin sneered. "Keira, he isn't a bricklayer from the construction site, is he? Why did you find someone like him? Is it because he looks good?" 
Hearing this, Isla hastily spoke up, "Erin, don't say that; every profession should be respected." 
After these words, Isla pointed to the seat beside Keira. "Excuse me, give up your seat for Keira's husband. Don't make him stand." 
The male classmate originally sitting next to Keira stood up, vacating the spot. 
Scott walked up to Keira, smiling slightly, "Miss Olsen." 
Keira frowned, "Who are you?" 
Scott was just about to introduce himself when Erin laughed. "Keira, what are you up to again? Don't tell me you're pretending not to recognize your own husband." 
Keira frowned. "I don't know him." 
Hearing this, Scott was also confused, "I, I'm not her husband." 
Although his accent was strange, he did understand the special meaning of the word "husband." 
The last time he went to the Olsen residence, nobody had mentioned that word in front of him, so he hadn't understood what they meant, but this time, he was ready to . 
Their back and forth left everyone present momentarily stunned. 
Jake's gaze fell on Scott, and with a sneer, he said, "Not her husband, yet you were visiting the Olsen residence yesterday. Keira, could it be that you disdain him, so you're denying him in front of everyone?" 
This remark made everyone turn their eyes toward her. 
Keira scowled, "Visit what Olsen residence?" 
She looked at Scott, "You went to the Olsen home yesterday?" 
Scott nodded. "I did, to bring you an umbrella." 
Isla smiled. "Yesterday, there was a light rain, but Keira had cars to pick her up and drop her off. She wouldn't need an umbrella. You're way too anxious about her... Keira, although your husband's job isn't great, he really does care about you. It's not very nice of you to treat him like this." 
Her tone of reproach was as though Keira had let down Scott. 
Keira was utterly baffled. "I honestly don't know him." 
Scott immediately waved his hands in apology/ "I'm sorry. I didn't realize this was the situation. Perhaps I shouldn't have come looking for you. I am truly not Miss Keira's husband; please, everyone, don't misunderstand her, my apologies!" 
However, the more he said this, the more the people around them were convinced. 
Who hadn't seen one or two TV dramas before? 
Children were ashamed of their parents picking up trash or collecting bottles at school and would pretend not to recognize them. The audience knew this plot all too well! 
At this moment, Scott looked just as pitiable as those parents who didn't dare acknowledge their own children. 
Everyone began to speak. 
"Keira, every profession deserves respect. Without people like your husband, there would be no high-rise buildings for us to live in. You shouldn't look down on him." 
"Dr. South, it's really okay for you to admit it. After all, you have your own status here, you don't need to marry someone so amazing anymore. You're a tycoon on your own! You have a gigolo, but we won't say anything... " 
"Dr. South's husband indeed looks very handsome, and he doesn't rely on marrying Dr. South or living off a woman. He continues to work outside, making a living with his own hands, so he can't be bad..." 
Charles was also baffled. 
The company was recently preparing to go public. He was aware of that, and not long ago, when he went to report to Mr. Morgan, he had overheard a conversation. 
It was about how Dr. South would marry someone—anyone—just to help with the company's IPO. 
So Dr. South and Scott really were husband and wife, right? 
They must be a contractual couple... 
But seeing Scott's expression, it was clear that he was deeply in love with Keira, while she was very cold to him. 
Even though he understood the marriage was for show, Charles still felt Keira was being too harsh. Not yet sure of the truth, he kept silent. 
Erin then said sarcastically, "Keira, you say he's not your husband, but do you have any proof? Unless you call your actual husband over here and show us your marriage certificate, otherwise, stop putting on this act here!" 
Just as she finished speaking, the door to the Purple Bamboo Garden Room was pushed open, and Lewis strode in!
###Chapter 139 - 139: Identity
Chapter 139: Identity 
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor. Henyee Translations 
Everyone turned their heads to see Lewis and were stunned. 
Someone who didn’t know who that was asked, “Who is this? 
The person next to them immediately replied, “That’s Jake’s uncle, the current man in charge of the Horton family! I saw him on the financial news channel 
just a few days ago…” 
No sooner had they finished explaining than Professor Miller stood up, exclaiming in surprise. “Mr. Horton?” 
The Horton Group gave a substantial amount of support to Oceanion University’s labs every year, and now that Professor Miller had become the dean of the Energy College, of course, he had dealt with Lewis before. 
As he stood up, the others immediately followed suit. 
Jake and Isla exchanged glances and both smiled. 
What a large-scale adultery bust! 
Jake looked down and politely called out, “Uncle, what brings you here?” Lewis glanced at Keira and Scott before looking away and said in a deep voice, “I heard it’s Professor Miller’s birthday, and I happened to be in the area, so I came to have a look. Why? Am I not welcome?” 
“How could that be!” 
Jake gestured toward Keira’s seat. “Uncle, please take a seat.” 
The seat of honor belonged to Professor Miller, who as today’s birthday star and elder, couldn’t possibly give up his seat. Given Lewis’s status, Keira immediately moved down one spot. 
Lewis walked over without ceremony and sat between her and Professor Miller. Upon seeing this, Isla cheerfully said, “Mr. Martin, what are you waiting for? 
Please, take a seat.” 
Scott, hearing this, gave Keira a look, thought for a moment, and sat next to her. The classmate who had been sitting next to Keira immediately stood up and vacated his seat, allowing Scott to sit down without hesitation. 
And so… 
Keira found herself sandwiched between Scott and Lewis. 
Keira, suddenly feeling a chill coming from Lewis, was puzzled. 
She looked at Lewis, bemused. 
Just as she was about to ask why he came over, Professor Miller spoke first. ‘■Keira, didn’t you have some misunderstanding with Mr. Horton before? Has it been resolved now?” 
Keira smiled. “Yes.” 
“That’s good to hear.” Professor Miller sighed in relief. 
Even though Keira was Dr. South, she was merely a research staff, and for the Hortons, the wealthiest family in Oceanion, snuffing her out was as simple as lifting a finger. 
Professor Miller then turned to Lewis. “Mr. Horton, it’s good that you’re here. I have some experimental data that I was just about to report to the Horton 
Group…” 
He began to talk to Lewis. 
This left Keira with no chance to inquire further. She sighed in resignation and suddenly felt a tug at her sleeve. 
Keira turned her head to see Scott looking at her. 
The man’s expression was warm and smiling. “Miss Olsen, do you remember who I am now? Could we add each other on WhatsApp?” 
Keira had already figured out what was going on. 
This man had no ill intent. He was called over for no reason, and considering he had taken time off from his construction site to come here, Keira found it difficult to refuse outright, so she merely nodded and took out her phone. 
Scott scanned her QR code and sent a WhatsApp request. 
Not far from them, Charles saw what happened and immediately said, “Did you see that? Dr. South and this gentleman just added each other on WhatsApp. They really didn’t know each other!” 
Erin couldn’t stand him speaking up for Keira and immediately scoffed. “Brown-noser, you’re so eager to clear things up for your boss. What? Is she going to give you a promotion and raise? 
Charles said, “You….!” 
Erin instantly turned her gaze to Keira. “Who can’t act? It’s just a scan of a 
code.” 
However, Charles had already believed Keira, and at the same time, he had realized something. Even if she really wanted a temporary, there was no need for her to marry a construction worker from a job site. 
He hadn’t spoken yet when a male student beside them spoke up. “Enn, that’s enough. Targeting Keira over and over today is indeed too much! I also think that Keira wouldn’t marry a migrant worker. In college, she didn’t even give 
Mr. Horton….” 
The words “a second thought” were forcibly swallowed down. 
He gave a sheepish smile. 
Jake’s gaze, however, turned gloomy. 
Erin snorted. “She was just putting on airs, right? Later, she wanted him, but Mr Horton didn’t want her. I remember sitting behind Keira at the graduation ceremony. When I saw Lewis proposing to Isla, Keira’s eyes widened! Do you think she really didn’t want it? She just couldn’t have it!” 
Upon hearing this, Jake was slightly startled and suddenly turned his gaze toward Keira. 
Did Erin’s words mean… that if the surprise he had prepared for Keira at graduation had been given to her, she would have accepted his love?! 
Jake had pursued her for four years, always feeling like he had no chance. 
The final act was merely to draw a conclusion for himself. 
It never occurred to him that she would be an illegitimate daughter. Upon learning of this, he was furious, yet all the surprises had already been arranged, and his classmates were ready to play along. Out of desperation, he intentionally chose Isla. 
For a moment, Jake didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh. 
She had cared about him at one point! 
But what of it?! 
Her background doomed her to be someone he could never truly consider. His mother would never allow him to marry an illegitimate daughter! 
Jake steeled himself, and when he looked up again, the bewilderment in his eyes had vanished, replaced by a more forbidding air. 
Erin continued. “Isla comes from a wealthy family and has a well-matched marriage with Mr. Horton. The two together make a powerful union. And what is Keira?” 
Charles sneered. “Keira is my boss, Dr. South! What do you think? Certainly better than someone like you, right? But would you go for a migrant worker as 
a husband?” 
Erin was speechless. 
And just then, Isla suddenly spoke up. “Actually, I’m also puzzled, Keira. Why would you choose such a person? When he came to visit yesterday, Dad and <om were both stunned…” 
She deliberately emphasized this sentence, leading Erin to question in confusion. “Isla, you’ve been saying all along that she went to your place. Why would she take her husband there?” 
Isla immediately showed a look of embarrassment. “That… Well, Keira, I’m sorry. I let it slip by accident…” 
Keira suddenly tensed up. 
Beside her, Lewis’s gaze darkened. Just as he was about to speak, Keira suddenly grabbed his hand under the table. 
Lewis was taken aback, then saw Keira slowly raise her head. 
Her back was straight, her eyes shifting from despair to a slow determination. Her identity had always been a pain she didn’t want to talk about, but she knew she had to learn to face it openly. 
Keira began to speak, enunciating each word deliberately. “Because I am the Olsen family’s illegitimate daughter..”
###Chapter 140 - 140: Husband
Chapter 140 - 140: Husband
Although Keira knew that she wasn't Taylor's daughter, she was indeed raised as the illegitimate daughter of the Olsen family. 
In the past, she cared a lot about this and even felt that her blood was tainted. 
Under Poppy's relentless brainwashing, she felt she had let down the Olsen family and Isla. 
She recalled that when she was going to leave the Olsen family, Poppy wouldn't let her go and wanted her to slave away for the family. She knelt for ten grueling hours. 
At thirteen years old, she dressed in thin clothes, kneeling in the cold winter. 
After a full ten hours, she stubbornly looked at Poppy and asked, "Can I now leave the Olsen family?" 
Ever since then, she never brought up her own identity again. 
Jake accused her of deceiving him and keeping it from him, but in reality, she didn't intentionally hide it. She just didn't know how to break the news. She had already decided, back then, that if Jake confessed his love to her by graduation, she would reveal her identity. 
Looking back now, she suddenly felt that her past twenty-something years were actually confined by Poppy. 
Poppy crafted a cage called "illegitimate daughter" and firmly bound her within it. 
But how important was a person's background, really? 
Keira had already come to terms with it. She just hadn't learned to face it openly. 
Now, she was finally able to face it. 
"..." 
The whole private room was silent. 
Everyone looked at Keira with disbelief, then turned toward Isla and began whispering among themselves: 
"Oh my God, are they actually sisters?" 
"What sisters? That's an illegitimate daughter, which means Keira's mother is 'the other woman'! If I were Isla, I would hate her to death, right?" 
"But it doesn't seem like it, right? Keira has always been working hard on work-study programs. I heard she earned her tuition by working part-time…" 
While a few people were whispering among themselves, Erin suddenly realized something and burst out loudly. "Keira, so that's what you are. Why didn't you tell everyone?! Your background is just disgusting! Your mom is the mistress, isn't she? She wrecked another family, and you yourself are a vixen, seducing every man. How could I have a classmate like you?!" 
She turned to Isla. "Isla, aren't you too kind to her? Why didn't you speak up about this earlier?" 
Back in primary and middle school, Isla would stir things up so that all her classmates knew, and at that age, children knew that stepmothers and mistresses were the scariest, which would make them detest Keira. 
But since high school, that trick no longer worked. 
After all, there were few people like Erin who harbored personal prejudices against Keira, and most were... 
"This is the 21st century already. Is there still anyone who judges others by their background? What's the matter? You're so arrogant! Is your family royalty or what?" 
"That's so funny. My ancestors are relatives of aristocrats, but am I arrogant? What's wrong with someone's background? Can a person choose their own parents?" 
"Really? You're a descendant of a noble family?" 
"Can't you tell a joke? Go away…" 
A few people couldn't stand Erin's attack and shot back at her. 
"Heroes are not judged by their origins, and whatever Keira's background may be, it isn't something she chose. As long as she's outstanding in her own right, who would bother asking about her origins?" 
"Speaking of origins, if we dig three generations back, who isn't descended from humble beginnings?!" 
"Erin, how great is your background? What do your parents do? Does your family own a palace?" 
Erin was struck speechless by the questions. She then retorted angrily, "You've all been bewitched by that seductress, haven't you? All the boys are speaking up for her! Unbelievable!" 
Her words enraged the silent female classmates. 
The girls spoke less not because they were less straightforward than the boys, nor did they rant and rave like them. But now that they were called out, they started chattering. 
"Erin, you've gone too far! We're all classmates, and even though Keira might have been a bit reclusive at school, she's actually got a nice personality! There was a time when I was on duty and couldn't reach something up high, and it was Keira who helped me!" said a petite girl. 
Another voice chimed in. "I think you're just jealous because you like Charles, but he's always speaking up for Dr. South. Don't make it about boys and girls. People are annoyed with you, regardless of gender because of the way you act!" 
"Exactly, you think you're so great, that your background is so superior. Can you surpass Dr. South in terms of research achievements?" 
"..." 
Everyone was denouncing Erin. 
Isla watched from the side, lowered her gaze, and let out a cold laugh. 
See, if she told the truth, she would end up just like Erin... 
Watching Erin about to be reduced to tears by the crowd's scolding, Isla said, "I agree with you guys. So Keira, you really shouldn't just marry someone at random because of your background... You should ask Dad for his opinion... Dad was very upset and felt sorry for you when he saw your husband yesterday..." 
At these words, Erin suddenly found a new angle of attack. She stood up abruptly as if this posture would give her an advantage over everyone else! 
She let out a cold laugh and then confronted the men who had just spoken. "You say you don't care about family backgrounds, but would you really be willing to marry her?" 
All those men were immediately at a loss for words. 
Erin sneered. "Her mother is a notorious homewrecker. A daughter born from such a woman is bound to be lascivious by nature. Aren't you afraid she'll make a cuckold out of you someday? Moreover, if your relatives and friends ask about your wife's family, what will you say? Marriage isn't just between two people but between two families. Can you honestly say that your parents, knowing her circumstances, would agree you to marry her?" 
Her words left most of the men dumbfounded. 
Everyone had just graduated. Who was thinking about marriage yet? 
Erin then let out a defiant laugh. "Ha! None of you dare to guarantee that you could marry her for sure, do you? With her kind background, which decent family would accept her? 
"Whoever marries her will be a laughingstock! Mr. Horton liked her so much that he pursued her for four whole years, but isn't it for this very reason that he didn't end up with her? Even someone like Mr. Horton couldn't settle the problem, so what makes you think you could?" 
Erin then turned to Scott. "So, she just randomly picked a construction worker, right? Only someone of that status wouldn't mind her background! After all, an illegitimate daughter can only be matched with a lowlife!" 
The room fell silent for a moment. 
Isla smiled triumphantly at this turn of events. 
That was exactly the effect she wanted! 
Keira was really that shameful, huh? No matter how impressive she was, she could only match up with a construction worker! 
Just as this thought crossed her mind, a deep voice from Lewis broke the silence. "Have you said enough?" 
Everyone turned to look at him, only to see the man's deep gaze and hear his calm voice. "Who says her husband is a construction worker?"
###Chapter 141 - 141: Clear Up
Chapter 141 - 141: Clear Up
As soon as these words were said, the room fell silent. 
Isla and Jake both looked over at Lewis. The whole point of calling him over was to see Keira's husband and put them on the spot. 
But now, was Lewis actually going to stand up for Keira? 
Isla was momentarily at a loss for words. 
Erin, on the other hand, had nothing to lose and blurted out, "Mr. Horton knows her husband? With the way he's dressed, could he be anything other than a construction worker? Even if he's not a laborer, at best, he could be a contractor, right?" 
These days, even contractors could make a lot of money. 
But in Erin's mouth, it seemed like even this job was somewhat contemptible. 
Lewis's gaze darkened, and just as he was about to speak, someone knocked on the door, and a man in a suit walked in. "Sorry to intrude." 
Seeing him, someone in the crowd immediately exclaimed, "Mr. Hill?" 
The man in the suit, Mr. Hill, was slightly taken aback. "You know me?" 
"Well, yes. Our company has recently been working with yours, trying to provide you with a constant temperature energy system. You might not remember me, I'm just an intern at my company," the young man said with an awkward smile. 
Someone whispered from the side, "Who's that?" 
The young man said, "He's an expatriate who has returned to Crera to pursue the real estate business. I heard their family's enterprise has spread across the globe, and now he's expanding into the Crera market. He's quite impressive!" 
"Really? What's someone like that doing here? Could he be looking for Mr. Horton?" 
In the room, only the Horton family had the status to discuss matters with such a family. 
However, Lewis frowned. 
The real estate market in Crera was currently in decline, and Horton Group's real estate business had already completely transformed. He couldn't remember having any cooperation with the Martin family. 
As he was pondering, Mr. Hill bowed respectfully to Scott Martin and took out a contract from the document bag he was carrying. "Boss, I've thoroughly investigated the construction site you just inspected, and it meets all our investment standards. Here's the contract; it was quite urgent, so I brought it over. Please sign it." 
After that, he also nodded apologetically to the people around the table. 
The crowd was dumbfounded. 
Lewis frowned and looked toward Scott Martin, his gaze turning abruptly cold. 
Under the table, Keira had just been holding his hand to prevent him from speaking, and even when she brought up her own background, she hadn't let go, seemingly seeking strength from the gesture. 
Now, with everyone's attention shifting, Keira wasn't being scrutinized as closely anymore, so she relaxed and attempted to withdraw her hand. 
But the next moment, the large hand she had been holding took control and grasped hers! 
Keira tugged hard but couldn't pull her hand back. 
She looked at Lewis in surprise and saw a possessive look and a hint of jealousy on his face. Was that...jealousy? 
Following his gaze, Keira saw Scott. 
Keira couldn't help but feel a mixture of amusement and dismay. 
The appearance of Scott seemed to have triggered a sense of crisis in Lewis... 
She thought for a moment and decided not to move. 
Right now, everyone's attention was focused on Scot, who could feel the burning stares of the crowd. Yet among those gazes was one filled with incomprehensible hostility. 
After signing the paper, Scott looked up and saw Lewis staring at him. 
Scott gave him a warm smile, then turned to Keira. "Miss Keira, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Scott Martin." 
He extended his hand toward Keira. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She could only shake hands with Scott Martin using her other hand, the one Lewis hadn't grasped, and then she quickly let go. Despite that, Lewis's expression still turned gloomy. 
Scott seemed as if he hadn't noticed the tension and once again looked at Erin. "I'm not a construction worker, just so you know. The reason I'm dressed like this is that I was busy with an inspection just now, which seems to have led to all these misunderstandings. I apologize for that." 
Erin was shocked. 
Her mouth hung open wide enough to fit an entire egg. 
She awkwardly looked at Scott, and then back to Keira, finding herself at a loss for words. 
Charles's eyes immediately lit up. "I knew it! How could someone like Dr. South marry a bricklayer? Turns out he's quite the big shot!" 
"One is Dr. South, the other is a real estate tycoon. They're a perfect match, aren't they?" 
" I just googled the Martin family. My God, they're kind of impressive!" 
"..." 
Isla and Jake frowned, looking toward Keira in confusion. 
How could it possibly be... 
How could she possibly have married such an influential figure?! 
Jake felt it was impossible to take Keira away from such a man to become his lover... 
He subconsciously glanced over at Lewis. 
He noticed that his esteemed uncle also had a darkened expression; inexplicably, he felt a twinge of satisfaction. 
Yes, for someone like Keira, even if Jake couldn't have her, it seemed his uncle might not stand a chance either... 
While he was thinking this, Isla suddenly said, "Keira, is this really your husband?" The question made Keira give her a somewhat mocking smile. "Do you hope it's true?" 
Isla was taken aback. 
Keira didn't beat around the bush and flatly said, "He's not my husband." 
Scott also let out a sigh. "I'm not Miss Olsen's husband. She helped me out with an umbrella in the rain yesterday, and I was returning the umbrella. And somehow Miss Isla added me on WhatsApp, then summoned me here, saying I could meet Miss Olsen, so I came..." 
He explained very clearly. 
Isla immediately felt relieved. "I see, it was all a misunderstanding!" 
Keira looked at her reaction, finding it ludicrous. 
When Scott Martin was thought to be a construction worker, they denied knowing each other, but Isla didn't believe them and led the charge in attacking Keira. 
But as soon as Scott Martin turned out to be a real estate tycoon, with just a few words, Isla believed him. 
Keira said casually, "As long as you believe it, that's fine. It saves me from being tagged with another hat." 
The remark laid bare Isla's intention, leaving her feeling embarrassed. She laughed it off. "My bad for the misunderstanding. But, Keira, who really is your husband? Why not bring him here for all of us to see... I'm sure everyone is curious. Just who is so fortunate and doesn't care about your status to have married someone as outstanding as you?" 
She stressed the word "outstanding" with a satirical tone. 
Professor Miller, upon hearing this, also looked at Keira. "Keira, bring him along next time so I can have a look and see if he's right for you." 
Keira smiled faintly, about to nod. 
But unexpectedly, she heard the deep voice of the man beside her, filled with a possessive assertiveness. "There's no need for next time. He's already here."
###Chapter 142 - 142: Husband and Wife
Chapter 142 - 142: Husband and Wife
Lewis's words once again quieted the private room. 
Everyone looked at him in shock. 
Even Professor Miller was confused. "He's here? Where?" 
Lewis straightened his back and watched as Professor Miller bypassed him, starting with Scott Martin. He examined each of the men sitting in their seats, but after a full circle, he found no one. 
Professor Miller asked, "Keira, who on earth is it?" 
Lewis was speechless. 
Seeing the change in the man's expression, Keira couldn't help but snicker internally. 
From the first time she saw Lewis, he had always been serious. This was the first time Keira had seen so many emotions on his face. 
She smiled but said nothing. 
Isla frowned. "Keira, did you marry one of our classmates? Who exactly is it? Stop keeping us in suspense!" 
At that, Lewis spoke up, "Her husband is me!" 
"..." 
Suddenly, there was silence in the room, and everyone's gaze abruptly shifted to the two of them. 
Isla wanted to say something, but after opening her mouth and then meeting Lewis's cold face, she swallowed her words. 
Lewis raised Keira's hand, which he had been holding tightly under the table, showed it to everyone, and then specifically gave Scott a wary look. "Mr. Martin, I'm glad my wife could help you. If there's anything in the future, you can contact me." 
Scott was speechless. 
Lewis then looked around at everyone and signaled to Tom, who immediately smiled and said, "Mr. Horton and Miss Olsen have arranged a few bottles of fine wine to celebrate Professor Miller's birthday. They'll be served shortly. Enjoy your meal and drink, and this meal will be on Mr. Horton's account." 
The classmates were very appreciative, immediately raising their glasses. "Thank you, Mr. Horton. Thank you, Dr. South!" 
At that moment, the atmosphere of the entire birthday banquet seemed to reach its climax. 
Lewis had intended to dine with everyone, but his cell phone suddenly rang. 
After he answered, whoever was on the other end said something that made Lewis's expression change drastically, and he said, "I'll be right there." 
After hanging up, he looked at Keira apologetically. "I might need to leave now." 
"Go ahead," Keira said nonchalantly. 
Lewis paused, glanced at the people around him, and then said again, "I'll leave the car for you, and have the driver take you home later." 
He then stood up, straightened his suit, and was about to leave when he passed by Scott Martin. He suddenly said, "Mr. Martin, everyone here is Keira's college classmates and teachers. Your presence seems to keep them from relaxing completely. Why don't we leave together?" 
"..." 
Scott pursed his lips but politely stood up. "Alright then." 
However, as he was leaving with Lewis, he still turned to look back at Keira. "Miss Olsen, I'll be in touch with you frequently in the future." 
These words darkened Lewis's face a few shades more. 
Once the two men finally left, the atmosphere in the private room completely relaxed, and everyone acted as if they had seen off a superior. They slumped back in their chairs and let out a deep sigh of relief! 
"Who would've thought that one day I'd get to dine with such important figures? I reckon today's lunch is the peak of my life!" 
"Now I'll never be short of something to talk about! To think that people I could only see on financial channels are actually having dinner and drinks with me... My God!" 
"Alright, they've left, but we still have Dr. South!" 
Professor Miller couldn't help but smile. He turned to discuss an academic issue with Keira when Isla suddenly saidm "Keira, aren't you being... shameless?!" 
As soon as she said this, everyone immediately looked at her. 
Charles frowned. "Isla, I see it now. This whole time, it was you who were picking fights. Erin was just a pawn you used. So, what is it that you want to do now that Erin has stopped talking?" 
Isla didn't expect to be called out and bit her lip in anger. 
She lowered her gaze to think for a moment, then simply laughed. "I don't want to do anything. I just think Keira has gone too far! She actually managed to persuade Mr. Horton to put on such a grand act with her!" 
Her words stunned the people around her. 
Keira frowned. "Are you ever going to stop?" 
Isla sneered. "Can't I talk about the things you've done yourself? Everyone in the Horton family knows Mr. Horton got married two years ago, whereas you got married after graduation. Tell me, how did the two of you manage to get married across those two years?" 
Keira frowned. 
There were complicated reasons behind it, and she hadn't clarified them. 
She said indifferently, "Mr. Horton and I are indeed legally married. Whether you believe it or not is up to you." 
"Still being stubborn here! Jake, isn't the wife of our uncle always abroad?" 
Jake had wanted to say this all along but didn't dare to speak due to the pressure from Lewis. Now, he immediately sneered. "Indeed, Keira, I courted you for four years. How come I didn't know that you were my aunt by marriage?!" 
Isla sighed. "It's all because of her face. She pleased Mr. Horton and got him to join her in deceiving us. Keira, I really didn't expect that. Your mother is a mistress, and you, already married, would rather have an affair and be someone else's mistress..." 
Jake chimed in. "Probably a genetic trait in the family, right? Can't stand not being someone else's mistress?" 
Their words were too harsh! 
Compared to Erin's words just now, it was an even deeper insult to Keira's character! 
Even Professor Miller, who usually didn't intervene in student affairs, couldn't stand it anymore "Enough! Isla, Jake, shut your mouths!" 
Isla looked at him. "Professor Miller, knowing she is Dr. South, you're biased toward her, but does someone of her questionable personal morals deserve to be a distinguished professor at the school? Aren't you afraid it'll affect the school's reputation?!" 
Caught off-guard, Professor Miller stammered. "You...!" 
As a cultured man, he didn't know how to argue with Isla and could only turn to Keira. "Keira, tell me, is what she saying true?" 
Keira's gaze was somber. "Mr. Horton and I are indeed legally married. If the school has concerns about this, I can present the marriage certificate." 
"You're still hardheaded even now?" Isla scoffed, then suddenly said, "Oh right, there might be something you don't know yet." 
Keira frowned. "What?" 
Isla said, "In two days, it's our great-grandmother's 86th birthday celebration. The Horton family is going to host it on a grand scale. While I and my mother-in-law were preparing, I saw the guest list. Our uncle's wife will be returning on that day to make an appearance. Keira, maybe you don't know that. My uncle's wife has already returned to the country! I've even got her phone number. I can call right now to see who she really is!" 
Having said that, Isla took out her mobile phone and opened the number she had recorded. 
Keira glanced at it and couldn't help but laugh. 
Wasn't that her own number?
###Chapter 143 - 143: Aunt
Chapter 143 - 143: Aunt
Isla had already dialed the number after saying that, a triumphant smile on her face as if to reveal the true face of the person in front of everyone. 
Of course, the number she dialed wasn't the one that Keira usually used. 
What Isla didn't know was that Keira had several phone numbers. One was commonly used and also what her acquaintances knew. 
There were also several numbers designated for different identities. 
There was one exclusively for Dr. South, one for Nora the researcher, and several more. Sometimes she couldn't even remember which was which, so she turned them all off. 
"Contact me via email if there's anything. Don't disturb my normal life." 
So, when Isla dialed the number, the response from the other end was, "Sorry, the number you have dialed is switched off..." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Isla, on the other hand, put down her phone but still insisted, "Keira, what are you so proud of? I asked around already, and my aunt doesn't like to be disturbed, which is why she turns off her phone. Since she's going to attend my great-grandmother's birthday banquet, that means my uncle is planning to make her identity public! By then, I'll see how you will deal with it!" 
Keira shrugged. "Then you don't need to worry about it." 
Seeing her unyielding demeanor, Isla suddenly laughed, "You don't really believe, do you, that my uncle holds deep affection for her? Keira, guess who made the call just now that took my uncle away?!" 
Keira was slightly startled upon hearing this. 
Isla went on. "As far as I know, my aunt hasn't been in good health and had always resided in a sanatorium abroad. During her days back in the country, she has also been staying in a sanatorium, and my uncle went to see her several times. They have deep feelings for each other. Back in the day, to marry her, my uncle went against everyone's advice. For him to come here today is a joke! A call from my aunt and he immediately left you!" 
Keira's fingers tightened. 
Suddenly, she remembered the day she was released from prison and hospitalized. Lewis was called away for an entire night. She also thought about last night when a phone call took him away, and he didn't accompany her to the Olsens'... 
Plus just now... 
No matter how busy a person's career was, they wouldn't encounter emergencies so frequently. 
Unless... 
This emergency was one thing or one person! 
Had he run into some trouble? 
Keira's brows knitted slightly with worry for Lewis. 
But the concern on her face was misinterpreted by the others. 
Isla immediately laughed. "You have nothing to say now, do you?" 
She then looked around at the others, her eyes turning slightly red. "I know, maybe you all think I've been too aggressive today, but I just don't want my aunt to lead a life interrupted by a third party like my mother did. Keira's mother is the biggest rift between my parents, and it took them a lifetime to mend. Keira, I hope you won't make any more mistakes. Have a good life with your husband, and don't let your future children become another rift between my uncle and aunt!" 
Her emotionally charged words made it impossible for anyone at the table to blame her anymore. 
Indeed, Isla herself was a victim, and her targeting Keira seemed somewhat justifiable. 
Even Charles opened his mouth and then closed it again, not sure what to say to defend Dr. South. He eventually only managed a faltering, "I believe Dr. South isn't that kind of person." 
Jake scoffed. "Facts speak louder than words! If anyone here doesn't believe what Isla says, I can send out the invitations! Then everyone can see for themselves who my aunt really is!" 
The certainty with which Isla and Jake spoke made everyone feel as if they had to believe them. 
Keira, unable to carry her marriage certificate around to prove these things, simply lowered her gaze and said lightly, "Then we shall wait and see." 
She had already understood this principle: sometimes, some things one said weren't necessarily believed by others. 
The birthday party ended in discord rather than joy. 
The classmates left one after another, while Professor Miller looked at Keira with concern. "Keira, are you really married to Mr. Horton?" 
Keira sighed, "Professor, it's true." 
Still worried, Professor Miller said, "Keira, you're still young with a promising future. Just don't be misled by Mr. Horton's appearance and go astray." 
"..." 
Keira's mouth twitched, wondering if Lewis knew he was being compared to the likes of a seductress. Would he be infuriated to death? 
After sending off Professor Miller, Keira turned around and saw Charles looking at her from a short distance away, his expression hesitant as if he had something to say. Worry was written all over his face, "Dr. South..." 
Keira said, "Just call me Keira. We're classmates. There's no need to be so formal." 
Charles cleared his throat. "Well, Keira, if you need any help, just tell me, or if you have any difficulties, you can also confide in me. I'll help clear things up among our classmates..." 
Keira rubbed her forehead. 
She understood what Charles meant. He had always been the responsible one among their classmates and had shown such excellent quality that Samuel had chosen him to join her company. 
Charles also didn't believe that she and Lewis were married. He was worried that she would be slandered and wanted to help her explain... 
Keira sighed. "I saw that Jake gave you an invitation just now, right? Then let's meet at the banquet." 
Charles still looked concerned. "Are you sure?" 
"Yes." 
"...Alright." 
Charles walked away, only half-convinced. 
At that moment, Keira's phone rang. She picked it up, and Samuel's voice came through, "Boss, I was going to deal with your classmate Erin, but I found out someone beat me to it. She's been fired by her company, and she won't be able to find work in Oceanion again." 
A fierce glint flashed in Keira's eyes. 
She was never one to be bullied. How could she possibly let Erin go after being humiliated by her repeatedly at the banquet today? 
It was just a minor punishment to serve as a warning to others. 
Keira asked, "Is it possible to find out who helped?" 
"There are two forces, one is the Horton family, probably Lewis's doing. The other is an expatriate named Scott, a well-known real estate tycoon from abroad. He's been making quite the stir since coming to Crera, but why he would help you, I have no idea." 
Keira said, "Who knows." 
After hanging up, she noticed a new message on WhatsApp, sent by Scott. "Miss Olsen, I really like you. Can you give me your parasite?" 
Keira was confused. 
A murderous intent suddenly erupted in her eyes. 
What was Scott's deal? He helped her earlier but now sent a weird WhatsApp message to harass her? 
... 
Meanwhile, Scott, sitting in a luxurious car, was looking at an umbrella in his hand with a smile, telling his assistant, "This parasol marks the beginning of my fate with her. Asking her for it as a keepsake shouldn't be too much, should it?" 
The assistant said, "Not at all, but Boss, are you sure you wrote the right words in your text message?" 
"Of course," Scott said confidently. "I learned the Creran language well. I used handwriting input, so there's no mistake!" 
"..." 
The assistant doubted his confidence. 
But text messages were quite private for people like them, and it wasn't appropriate for the assistant to check for his boss. 
Scott carefully placed the umbrella down, then looked to his assistant. "Get me an invitation to old Mrs. Horton's birthday banquet." 
Although he had left the private room, the events that had unfolded weren't hidden from him. 
Miss Olsen and Lewis didn't seem to be husband and wife. 
If Lewis appeared with his wife at the event, then he would need to support Miss Olsen! 
"Ding." 
His phone chimed, and Scott 's eyes brightened, "See, Miss Olsen replied to my message!"
###Chapter 144 - 144: Birthday Banquet
Chapter 144 - 144: Birthday Banquet
Scott glanced at WhatsApp, only to receive a message saying, "I don't care who you are. Stop saying strange things." 
Scott was slightly taken aback and looked at his assistant in confusion. "Miss Olsen's tone is a bit weird. I don't she'll give me her parasol." 
The assistant replied, "Maybe it's because you two aren't very familiar with each other yet, Boss. You could send Miss Olsen more messages, and it'll be better when you're more acquainted." 
Scott thought for a moment. "What should I write?" 
The assistant suggested, "You could talk about everyday stuff, things like what happens around you or how you feel about things." 
Scott appeared contemplative. 
The car exited the garage, and Scott turned his head, suddenly spotting a pile of dog poop on the ground. He frowned slightly, took out his phone, and continued messaging Keira. 
… 
Lewis left that Bentley for Keira, and she didn't hesitate to get in. 
On the way back to the Horton mansion, her phone vibrated again. She picked it up and was surprised to find another message from Scott on WhatsApp. "I just saw a pile of dog poop in the garage, totally blew my mind!" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Her mouth twitched, and she thought this guy must have some serious issues. 
With a smirk, she replied, "I suggest you go and see a neurologist." 
The car soon returned to the Horton estate. 
In the afternoon, Melissa and Isla got the whole Horton family busy. 
Old Mrs. Horton was 86 years old this year, and the doctors had declared she only had a few months left. Everyone knew there would be no birthday like this next year, so they made it a grand affair. 
Even from old Mrs. Horton's courtyard, one could hear the commotion from the main house. 
Almost every one of the more than a hundred people in the Horton residence was bustling about. 
By the night after next, probably every notable figure in Oceanion would be there. A lot of ingredients needed to be prepared, and nonperishable items were already being brought in by the truckload. 
Old Mrs. Horton grimaced. "They're making such a big fuss over a banquet. It'd be better to show me a bit more respect. Lewis will worry about me less!" 
Keira just laughed. "Maybe everyone shows respect in their own way." 
Old Mrs. Horton took her hand. "Granddaughter-in-law, do you know what I want the most for my birthday gift?" 
Keira paused, then answered, "Tell me. As long as I can do it, I promise I'll get it for you." 
After that, realizing what old Mrs. Horton was about to say, Keira quickly interjected. "But it can't be a great-grandson. With just two days' notice, I can't produce one for you!" 
Old Mrs. Horton laughed. "It's alright if there's no great-grandson. You see, I actually just want you to stay by that brat's side. Can you promise me that if I'm gone, you won't let him be too lonely by himself?" 
Keira was stunned. 
During her time with the Horton family, she had begun to understand something. 
The old master of the Horton family was indifferent toward Lewis, probably because Lewis's mother's divorce years ago made him view Lewis as a disgrace. 
He was especially biased toward the first branch of the family, treating them like close relatives. 
Lewis currently held 51% of the Horton Group's shares because he was holding old Mrs. Horton's shares in trust. If anything happened to old Mrs. Horton and her shares were inherited by her children and grandchildren, Lewis's stake in Horton Group would decrease, and the first branch would look for an opportunity to attack... 
Lewis was so outstanding, yet he was always guarded against by his biological father, plotted against by his elder brother, and abandoned by his biological mother when he was only seven months old. 
In this family, aside from his grandmother, he truly had no one else to care about. 
Keira suddenly felt a pang of pity for him. 
She looked at old Mrs. Horton. The old lady's eyes were clear and bright at that moment. Her face was etched with the marks of time, and her eyes were filled with tenderness and helplessness. 
It was as if she was saying that she wanted to accompany Lewis for a few more years, but fate wasn't on her side... 
Keira felt a pang in her heart and nodded vigorously. "Okay." 
Old Mrs. Horton then smiled. "I'm glad. The brat told me that at this banquet, your identities will be made public! My granddaughter-in-law, you'll finally stand rightfully by his side. I'd like to see who dares to gossip then!" 
Only then did Keira understand why Isla had said that Lewis's wife would be present at the birthday banquet; it was something Lewis and old Mrs. Horton had announced to the public. 
She couldn't help but feel amused. "Okay!" 
Just as they finished their chat, the sound of footsteps approached. Isla, leading a group of people, walked in mightily. "Great-grandma, Melissa asked me to select a gown for you to wear that day. What do you think?" 
Old Mrs. Horton waved her hand dismissively. "What I wear doesn't really matter; it's all about my granddaughter-in-law!" 
She merrily took Keira's hand, and together they looked through a bunch of gowns, finally settling on a light blue one. "This color complements your skin tone. Others wouldn't look as good in it as you do!" 
Seeing her enthusiasm, Keira nodded. "Okay." 
A dark light flickered in Isla's eyes as she watched the two of them. 
But she said nothing and watched them select the dress. She then led the people away. 
Halfway through, Isla suddenly stopped. She turned back to look at the gowns and finally picked out one similar in style to Keira's light blue dress. Smiling sweetly, she said, "I'll keep this one as well." 
"Yes." 
The brand manager responded respectfully. 
The nanny beside Isla couldn't help asking, "Ma'am, why keep this dress? Do you plan to wear it yourself?" 
Isla gave her a glare. "How could that be possible?" 
Why would she wear that dress? To compete with Keira for attention? 
The thought had barely crossed her mind when Isla tightened her fists. 
From a young age, she knew she couldn't compare to Keira's beauty. 
Keira was tall and stunningly pretty while Isla, more resembling Taylor, looked good if dressed up, but otherwise was quite average. 
That was why, in the Olsen family, she never allowed Keira to wear gowns. 
So why would she put herself up for comparison now? 
Keeping the dress was only for... 
The corners of Isla's mouth curled up. "My aunt has returned to the country and will be home that day. I suppose she hasn't prepared any gowns, so I'm helping her get one ready." 
What was the simplest way to pit two women against each other? Obviously, a dress clash! 
Her legendary aunt had never shown her face, and she definitely wouldn't want to be overshadowed by Lewis's lover, would she? 
By then, Isla wouldn't need to instigate anything. Her aunt would confront Keira directly! 
A look of satisfaction appeared in Isla's eyes. 
She quickly returned to the main house. 
In the evening, when Jake got home from work, he started changing clothes and looked at her. "How are the preparations for the banquet going?" 
Isla smiled. "Don't worry, everything is ready. Keira's reputation will be ruined, and she won't be able to save face!" 
Jake nodded. 
Soon, two days passed by. 
The time for old Mrs. Horton's birthday banquet had finally arrived!
###Chapter 145 - 145: Perfect Match
Chapter 145 - 145: Perfect Match
The Horton family had been bustling since the morning. 
When Keira woke up and stepped out, she saw Lewis unexpectedly not off to work early, but sitting on the living room sofa. 
She stretched languidly and sauntered over, raising an eyebrow to ask, "Don't you need to go to the office today?" 
She had just woken up. Her well-rested cheeks were glowing and shiny without any makeup. Her skin was fair, and her lips were plump and red. 
In her loungewear, she was the very picture of relaxed comfort. 
Lewis withdrew his gaze, glanced at the time, and said indifferently, "I have a meeting at ten, something to take care of at three in the afternoon, and I'll be back by the dinner party." 
Keira nodded. "Then why aren't you leaving yet?" 
Lewis cleared his throat and stood up. "Grandma wants us to try on the clothes first." 
Keira blinked in surprise, "Huh?" 
Lewis walked over, his tall stature looming as he approached, and with a slight cough he said, "Follow me." 
Keira trailed behind him, and they reached the dressing room where she immediately spotted the evening gown old Mrs. Horton had chosen for her. Under the light, the gown shimmered with golden threads, and at the neckline lay a gemstone necklace. The combination was quite luxurious. 
Next to the gown hung a black tuxedo. 
The tie was blue, and the cufflinks matched the jewelry with the gown. They were clearly designed for a couple. 
Keira immediately understood why Lewis had been somewhat bashful just now. She found old Mrs. Horton to be incredibly adorable! 
She was always playing little tricks in situations like these. 
Keira smiled as she looked at Lewis, catching a fleeting glimpse of joy on his face. Though expressionless, it was apparent he was in a good mood. 
Keira stepped forward to grab the clothes. "Is your trouble sorted?" 
Lewis blinked, "What?" 
"The urgent issue over the phone..." 
Lewis frowned slightly, and through his subtle expression, Keira realized the problem was probably still there. She was about to ask if he needed help when Lewis suddenly drew closer. 
Step by step, he closed in, forcing Keira to retreat until she was backed against the closet. But he didn't stop his advance. Instead, he leaned down slowly toward her. 
Keira's eyes widened, and her heartbeat accelerated wildly. 
In the next moment, he whispered in her ear. "Miss Olsen, shouldn't you be considering whether these two pieces of clothing match, rather than that?" 
His breath against her neck tickled, making her skin flush involuntarily. 
...She had been teased! 
Keira struggled to calm her racing heart. Just as Lewis was about to look up, she suddenly smiled, grabbed his collar, and pulled down, making him bend forward and lean in closer to her again. 
Keira also leaned into his ear. "Then Mr. Horton, do you think there's anything inappropriate with these clothes?" 
"..." 
Lewis had been teased right back! 
His gaze fixated on the lips so close to his, momentarily dazed, then he said, "How can I tell without trying them on?" 
"Let's try them on then." 
Keira let go of his collar. 
They both took a step back, each exhaling slightly with relief, then picked up their respective clothes and entered the opposite dressing rooms. 
The moment she closed the door, Keira leaned against the wall, her hand on her wildly beating heart, but there was a smile on her lips. 
Two minutes later. 
Keira had changed into her gown and walked out, her attention immediately captured by Lewis's appearance. 
He always carried himself with such seriousness, turning suits into uniform attire, but now, adorned in a tuxedo, his tall and handsome qualities were instantly highlighted. 
At this moment, he looked like a gentleman stepping out of a European royal portrait, exuding an air of nobility. 
As Keira was sizing him up, Lewis was also looking at her. 
She usually preferred comfortable clothes and seldom wore formal gowns. Even without makeup, she was already dazzling... 
As they were looking at each other, old Mrs. Horton's voice rang out. "Fiona, look at them. They're truly a match made in heaven, a perfect pair! The children they'll have will definitely be good-looking!" 
She was sneakily peeking from the doorway. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Lewis also flushed slightly, then he took off his overcoat and carried it in his hand. "I'm going to the office for a meeting first." 
Keira said, "Oh, okay." 
Lewis walked out. "Dear wife, see you tonight." 
"..." 
Keira was speechless. 
What had gotten into him today? He was so eloquent! 
She chuckled softly and gave a faint "Hmm" in response. 
... 
It was soon evening. 
Guests started to arrive one after another, with luxury cars slowly driving into the Horton estate. 
The grandeur of the Horton family manor was evident as a large area was designated for the parking lot. 
Security guards were guiding at the entrance, and there were people giving directions in the parking lot. 
Household servants were also present to greet guests at the parking lot and escort them to the main hall. 
This was Keira's third visit to the main house of the Horton family manor. Hanging from the high-ceilinged living room was a gigantic crystal chandelier and the entire room was larger than the lobby of a hotel. 
Corners of the room featured sofas and a buffet, and elegantly dressed people mingled. 
The first branch of the family was greeting guests at the entrance, while old Mrs. Horton sat with Keira in the place of honor. Every guest had to greet old Mrs. Horton. 
Seeing that Keira was somewhat uncomfortable staying by her side, old Mrs. Horton allowed her to roam freely and no longer required her company. 
Keira then saw Mrs. Olsen and others enter, so she took the opportunity to stand up and greet Mrs. Olsen. 
Isla personally escorted Mrs. Olsen and Taylor inside. On seeing Keira, she lowered her gaze with a smile "Keira, where's Uncle Lewis?" 
Keira didn't want to deal with her, but in front of Mrs. Olsen, she still answered. "He went to work." 
"The news I got says otherwise!" Isla smiled as she seemingly said casually, "I heard from the security that Uncle Lewis went to pick up my aunt, and they'll be arriving soon." 
Taylor immediately asked, "Mrs. Horton is back?" 
"Yes, she's been back for a few days, but because she hasn't been feeling well, she's been staying outside. Today is great-grandmother's special day; she has to come back." Isla's smiling eyes turned toward Keira. "Keira, do you think you should excuse yourself?" 
This remark made Taylor furrow his brows, and he immediately scolded Keira. "Isla's right. You should stay away for a while. After all, just a few days ago, you were involved in that huge scandal with Mr. Horton! I am your father. You should listen to me! I would never harm you!" 
Keira frowned. "Are you? My father?"
###Chapter 146 - 146: Marriage Certificate
Chapter 146 - 146: Marriage Certificate
Taylor's voice suddenly rose. "Although I have never acknowledged you as my daughter, the Olsen family has raised you. Is this the attitude you use to speak to me?!" 
His words attracted the attention of the people around them, who then looked over in their direction. 
Mrs. Olsen immediately frowned and said, "Mind the occasion." 
Keira didn't want to argue here either, so she simply lowered her gaze and stayed silent. 
Taylor just snorted coldly. "Seeing her just annoys me. Shirley, let's go to wish old Mrs. Horton a happy birthday!" 
But Mrs. Olsen frowned. "With my health like this, I'd better not go in front of old Mrs. Horton and bring bad luck. You go. I have a few more words to say to Keira." 
Taylor then looked at Keira warily. "Shirley isn't in good health, so don't say any nonsense here that will make her upset. Do you hear me?" 
Keira ignored him. 
Taylor lost interest and, in the end, still went to old Mrs. Horton's side with Isla. 
Seeing that they had finally left and that Isla hadn't noticed what was going on over here, Mrs. Olsen took a step forward and took Keira's hand, "Keira, you..." 
"Ma'am, is your health getting worse again?" 
Keira cut in before she could finish speaking. 
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback, then coughed lightly., "It's nothing, just a little relapse." 
Keira was puzzled. "Are you coughing again? Didn't I give you cough medicine? Haven't you taken it, or have you finished it?" 
After that, she shook her head. "That shouldn't be the case. The bottle I gave you had a hundred pills; that's enough for three months." 
Mrs. Olsen said with a smile, "I'm fine, just been thinking a lot these past few days. Let's not talk about me. Keira, about your relationship with Mr. Horton, it's only a rumor, isn't it?" 
Keira knew Mrs. Olsen would ask this question. 
Not wanting to make Mrs. Olsen worry, she began, "Actually, he and I..." 
Before she could finish her sentence, an excited voice came through. "Miss Olsen!" 
Keira turned her head and saw Rebecca slowly walking over. 
She used to be in a wheelchair because she was too weak, but these past few days, her condition improved, and she could walk on her own. Today, she wore a pink dress and, upon reaching Keira, affectionately linked her arm. "I've missed you so much!" 
She sounded very confident. 
Mr. and Mrs. Allen followed her in resignation. Mr. Allen came up, laughing. "She can be so clingy! Just a few days without seeing Miss Olsen, and she speaks like this." 
Mrs. Allen feigned anger. "You've never been this dependent on me or your mother. If people didn't know any better, they'd think Miss Olsen was your real sister!" 
Rebecca flashed a playful smile at them and continued to gaze at Keira, then whispered, "Miss Olsen, even though I was in the hospital, I've always been keeping track of you. I've heard that everyone's been whispering that there's something indecent between you and Mr. Horton, but that's definitely not true, right?" 
Her clear eyes no longer bore the scars of the past and were full of concern. Keira smiled. "Yeah, those are just rumors. My relationship with Mr. Horton..." 
Before she finished, Rebecca interjected. "Your relationship with him must be completely innocent. Of that, I'm absolutely sure! I've met Mr. Horton; he's so cold. How could he be good enough for you? You would never be interested in him. But I heard you got married. What a pity. Otherwise, I'd introduce my brother to you! It's time that old man got married!" 
"..." 
Keira's lips twitched as she found herself at a loss for words. 
Why was it so difficult to reveal her relationship with Lewis? 
Before she could speak again, Mrs. Allen was already angry. "How can you talk about your brother like that? It's only because he's not here. Otherwise, let's see if you dare to be so disrespectful!" 
Rebecca stuck out her tongue and whispered to Keira, "My brother heard about old Mrs. Horton's 86th birthday and wanted to come since our family is working with the Horton family now! But my dad is working on some photograph, and he says it'll be restored in the next couple of days, so he insisted that my brother wait until the photograph is fixed before coming over." 
Keira laughed and asked, "Restoring an old photograph?" 
Rebecca nodded. "Yeah, apparently it's one from twenty or thirty years ago... Dad, what's that photo you're having my brother restore, exactly?" 
Mr. Allen smiled as he looked at Keira and Mrs. Olsen, "That photo has some connection to Mrs. Olsen. Back in Clance, I met Lady South a few times, and we happened to take a group picture once." 
Hearing this, Mrs. Olsen's eyes lit up, "My mother? Once that photo is restored, you must show it to me!" 
Mr. Allen was taken aback. "Don't you have any photos of Lady South at your place?" 
Mrs. Olsen shook her head and sighed, "Before I came to Oceanion, there was a sudden fire at home that burned all our photos…" 
Her gaze had a touch of nostalgia, "Over the years, my health has been deteriorating, and I've often been ill. It's been more than twenty years now; I've long forgotten what my mother looked like…" 
Upon hearing this, Mr. Allen sighed and asked, "I heard about it back then and felt so sorry for you. But how did Lady South pass away? She was only in her forties, wasn't she? In the prime of her life…" 
That's when Keira realized Mrs. Olsen hadn't been in touch with Clance for so many years because her mother had passed away. 
She pricked up her ears just to see Mrs. Olsen muster a weak smile. "Mother died in an accident." 
She didn't seem to want to elaborate. 
Recognizing her reluctance, Mr. Allen immediately stopped prying and said, "Once the photo is restored, I'll be sure to show it to both you and Miss Olsen!" 
Mrs. Olsen paused slightly, then nodded. 
Keira, however, was a bit puzzled. 
Why would Mr. Allen want to show the photo to her, out of all things? 
But she didn't ask further because she was indeed very curious about the kind of person who could beget someone of Mrs. Olsen's stature... she wondered what sort of person Lady South had been. 
With that topic concluded, Mr. and Mrs. Allen saw that the crowd around old Mrs. Horton had dispersed, so they said, "Rebecca, let's go and greet the old lady first." 
It was a matter of etiquette. 
Although Rebecca was reluctant to leave Keira, she had no choice but to follow Mr. and Mrs. Allen. 
As the two walked away, people passed by Keira and Mrs. Olsen, discussing as they went. 
"I heard that Mr. Horton was finally bringing out that well-protected wife of his for everyone to see today!" 
"I'm really curious about who Mrs. Horton is..." 
"Did you hear? Lately, it seems Mr. Horton has kept a mistress. It looks like pictures were taken, and the servants at the Horton family manor all know about it. Mrs. Horton must have come back on purpose after finding out about it…" 
After the two moved on, Mrs. Olsen looked worriedly at Keira, "Keira, I'm not feeling well; how about you take me home?" 
Keira couldn't help but laugh and cry at the same time. 
She knew this was an excuse Mrs. Olsen had come up with to help her avoid this gathering. 
Supporting Mrs. Olsen by the arm, Keira said, "Mrs. Olsen, let me take you to see something." 
"What is it?" 
"My marriage certificate."
###Chapter 147 - 147: Mrs. Horton Is Here
Chapter 147 - 147: Mrs. Horton Is Here
Mrs. Olsen paused slightly, puzzled. 
She didn't understand why Keira wanted her to look at the marriage certificate. 
Still, she followed Keira to the adjoining lounge. 
Keira, dressed in a gown, had only a cellphone in her hand—her bag and Old Mrs. Horton's belongings were in the room next door. 
She knew Mrs. Olsen would be there today and didn't want her to worry. 
After going through so much, she knew that no matter what she said, these people wouldn't believe her, so she simply brought the marriage certificate to ease the worried Mrs. Olsen's mind. 
As the two of them were about to enter the lounge, a commotion suddenly erupted at the entrance. 
Keira and Mrs. Olsen couldn't help but turn their heads to look, and there was Lewis, dressed in a tuxedo and striding in like a top celebrity, heading straight for old Mrs. Horton. 
Those around who were offering birthday wishes stepped aside, allowing Lewis to stand in front of old Mrs. Horton. 
Old Mrs. Horton's face was filled with smiles as she extended her hand. 
Lewis, however, didn't step forward but instead bowed deeply and said earnestly, "Grandma, I wish you a happy birthday, good health, and a long and prosperous life!" 
He didn't, like others, prattle on with birthday platitudes. His tersely chosen words expressed the sincerest of blessings. 
Old Mrs. Horton's eyes reddened slightly, and she immediately beckoned to him. "You brat, why so formal? For you to be happy in life and to love your wife deeply, growing old together—that's my greatest wish." 
Lewis's face was tense, but Keira could see from his eyes that he was restraining his emotions. He said hoarsely, "Grandma, rest assured, I will." 
"Good! Good!" Old Mrs. Horton's smile at that moment was the most sincere of the evening. 
Because Lewis's wife was mentioned, someone stepped forward with a smile and asked, "From what Old Mrs. Horton and Mr. Horton are implying, will Mrs. Horton be making an appearance tonight?" 
Upon hearing this, Lewis unconsciously searched the banquet hall for Keira. 
But at that moment, Keira and Mrs. Olsen had turned a corner, and he couldn't find her, so he could only stop searching and nod at the one who had spoken. 
People around immediately began to tease with laughter. 
"Mr. Horton is finally willing to bring out the wife he has hidden for two years. We are curious to know what kind of person she is, to command such devotion..." 
"From the look of old Mrs. Horton's beaming smile, she must be splendid!" 
Old Mrs. Horton loved to hear these words and nodded in agreement, "Yes, yes, my granddaughter-in-law is beautiful, capable, gracious, and proper. I like her very much!" 
"A harmonious relationship between Mr. Horton and his wife must be your greatest hope, Mrs. Horton!" 
"Isn't it? That brat always has a stern face, and I used to worry about scaring my granddaughter-in-law, but now their relationship is so good!" 
Old Mrs. Horton had been perfunctorily responding to those around her, but she now took interest. 
Seeing this, everyone immediately gathered around her, starting to praise her grandson and granddaughter-in-law, and old Mrs. Horton's face visibly filled with more smiles. 
Lewis, seeing this, smiled a little. He wanted to see where Keira was, but his phone suddenly rang. 
He glanced at it and answered. Tom's voice came from the other end, "Boss, Miss Davis has arrived." 
Lewis frowned. "Who told you to bring her here?" 
"Boss, it's not my fault. She insisted on coming. She said she must come for old Mrs. Horton's birthday celebration. Her situation is special, and I couldn't stop her..." 
As Tom spoke, his voice got quieter, evidently very guilty. "Do you really want to make your marriage to Miss Olsen public today, or should we postpone..." 
Lewis immediately responded in a stern voice. "Why should we postpone?" 
Tom coughed. "Isn't it because we're worried that Miss Davis can't handle this shock? Then Miss Olsen will just have to bear the brunt again, at worst getting called a homewrecker or a mistress a few more times..." 
"Keep your schemes to yourself. Keira doesn't need you to speak for her." 
Lewis lowered his gaze, hiding the fatigue in his eyes. He pressed his hand to his forehead, a flash of determination crossing his eyes, and spoke in a deep voice, "It's actually good timing that she has come, just in time to see that I'm indeed married, and dispel those inappropriate thoughts she might have." 
Tom chuckled. "Alright then, boss!" 
Lewis then asked, "Where is she?" 
Tom replied, "She came in a hospital gown and has just been taken by Isla to change into a dress!" 
... 
After Lewis finished his birthday speech, Keira turned the corner at the end of the hallway with Mrs. Olsen and headed toward the rest area on the first floor. 
Right after turning the corner, they saw Jalen. 
He had a bit of a sophomore air about him and evidently preferred solitude. He immediately approached upon seeing her and said, "Dr. South, I need to talk to you for a moment." 
Then, he glanced around, lowered his voice, and asked, "Tell me the truth. Is there something more between you and my cousin?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
She raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?" 
Jalen said, "Do you think the Horton family could really keep a secret? Lately, the company has been abuzz with talk that you've gotten together with my cousin! Are you really together?" 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth. "Yeah, really." 
Jalen's attitude changed immediately, and he was almost sighing. "How could you do this? You... Being highly intelligent, shouldn't you marry someone equally smart? You know it's not right, so how could you…" 
He wanted to reprimand Keira, but the harsher words he couldn't bring himself to say. 
Keira saw his conflict and knew that he was concerned about her. She was about to tell Jalen the truth about her relationship with Lewis, but unexpectedly, Jalen lowered his voice. 
"I've already found out who Mrs. Horton is!" 
Keira paused, raising an eyebrow. "Who is she?" 
"Her name is Madeleine Davis, and she's been abroad all these years receiving medical treatment. My cousin spent a lot of time abroad with her too. She returned to the country a while back, and her condition has reportedly stabilized, so she can make public appearances now. I just saw her being personally escorted in by Tom. I'd heard that my cousin was planning to formally introduce his wife to everyone today..." 
Jalen's speech halted as he looked at Keira. "Well, although his wife has health issues, Lewis has been faithful to her for two years without divorcing, which means they do have feelings for each other. You shouldn't… My cousin may be quite handsome and many women like him, but he's not right for you… really… 
"Be rational, don't do anything that will make you lose respect in everyone's eyes. Sometimes, gracefully stepping back can also be a form of generosity and magnanimity. That makes sense, doesn't it, Dr. South?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Seeing her silence, Jalen thought his words had convinced her, so he asked, "Where are you going?" 
Keira replied, "I'm planning to show Mrs. Olsen my marriage certificate." 
Jalen said, "…Right, you're married too. We should each just live our lives well then. Come on, I want to see who your husband is." 
"…"
###Chapter 148 - 148: Lounge
Chapter 148 - 148: Lounge
So, there was one more person who wanted to see Keira's marriage certificate. 
Holding Mrs. Olsen's arm, Keira soon arrived at the lounge with Jalen. 
Jalen was still muttering, "Has your husband arrived? If he has, let's show ourselves together later and dispel those rumors..." 
Mrs. Olsen also nodded. "That's what Keira means." 
Keira ignored their words and pushed open the door of the lounge... 
Then she realized it wouldn't budge. 
The door to the lounge was locked from the inside. 
This lounge was specially prepared for old Mrs. Horton, but the old lady was in the front hall, so who could be in there? 
Just as she was thinking, she heard a "click" as the door opened, and Isla, dressed in a pink gown, walked out. 
Upon seeing Keira and Mrs. Olsen, she raised her brows. "Mom, Keira, what are you doing here?" 
Keira raised her brows, and Mrs. Olsen explained, "Keira's bag is inside, so we came to get it..." 
"Then you might have to wait a moment." 
Isla's smile was especially brilliant as she looked at Keira and slowly said, "Mrs. Horton is inside changing her dress!" 
Keira was slightly stunned, "Who?" 
Isla's smile grew even more brilliant, "Mr. Horton's wife, Mrs. Horton, of course! To personally brought her here and even asked me to prepare a gown for her. Didn't I tell you already? Tonight, Mr. Horton will reveal who his wife is..." 
Tom personally brought her here... 
Keira frowned slightly. 
Seeing this, Mrs. Olsen frowned. "Then let Keira go in and take her bag." 
Isla deliberately put on an apologetic look. "Mom, this room is the exclusive lounge for great-grandmother; I only just found out. Only Horton family members can enter this lounge to rest. Besides, my aunt isn't well and can't withstand draughts, and she's still not done changing her clothes, so we shouldn't disturb the hostess, right?" 
She deliberately emphasized the word "hostess," and then looked at Keira, her lips curling into a smug smile. "So everyone will have to wait a bit. I'm sure you wouldn't mind, would you, Keira?" 
Then she walked over and took Mrs. Olsen's arm, "Mom, in this house Mr. Horton is the one in charge, so strictly speaking, my aunt is the real hostess of this house. I can't even go against her orders. If we wait a little, Keira surely won't mind, right?" 
"..." 
Keira looked at her arrogant demeanor and could only find it ridiculous. "Are you sure the one inside is the real Mrs. Horton?" 
"Of course." 
Isla said confidently. "How could I possibly be uncertain about this? Mr. Horton has been married for two years, and the person he's always talked about to the outside world is my aunt; the entire Horton family knows this! It's only one person who refuses to believe it, right? She's still dreaming about soaring up from the branches to become a phoenix!" 
"Isla!" 
Mrs. Olsen scolded her. "Mind your language!" 
Isla just sneered, "Mom, Keira is still an Olsen after all; I'm just worried she's going to cause another embarrassing scene today, dragging down the reputation of the Olsen family. Besides, haven't you always taught us since we were young, to take what we can but not to covet what isn't ours?" 
Mrs. Olsen immediately frowned and said sadly, "So you do remember what I've said." 
But how had Isla turned into this utterly unrecognizable person she was today? 
Yet Isla didn't understand the meaning behind her words. 
As the group talked, there was some movement from within the room, and soon after, the door swung open, revealing a slender girl dressed in a blue gown. 
Keira looked at her. 
She saw a girl with delicate features, the epitome of understated charm. Her complexion was an abnormal shade of pale, and she was thin and frail. At that moment, she stood in a state of panic. She glanced about, her expression one of bewilderment. 
She wanted to say something to the gathering of people before her, but she seemed too afraid to speak, especially with everyone's gaze fixed upon her, causing her to stand there sheepishly, afraid to move. 
There was something about her that made one can't help but feel pity. 
Jalen immediately leaned over to Keira and whispered, just loud enough for the two of them to hear, "That's Madeleine Davis!" 
Isla then called out, "Auntie, have you changed into your dress?" 
Madeleine seemed unsure of how to respond to these words, so she just nodded dumbly before timidly tugging at her dress as if trying to cover the exposed skin. 
Her voice was soft and timid. "This dress, is it really okay?" 
As soon as she said this, their gaze fell on the gown she was wearing. 
The light blue dress only made her sickly pale skin appear even whiter, yet her overly thin and scrawny figure failed to fill out the gown, creating a comical sense as if a child was wearing an adult's clothes. 
And looking at the dress... 
Mrs. Olsen suddenly frowned and turned to look at Keira. 
Not only were their dresses of a similar color, but the styles were almost identical! 
Isla immediately tried to reassure her. "It looks very nice!" 
Madeleine timidly pointed to Keira. "Actually, she looks better in it... Should I change into another one?" 
Upon hearing this, Isla laughed, casting a defiant look at Keira. "Keira, what a coincidence, you and my aunt are dressed alike. But she's the hostess of today's event. Don't you think it would be respectful to change your dress?" 
It's a basic etiquette for attending a banquet. 
Normally, everyone would enquire in advance about what the hostess would wear to avoid such an embarrassing situation. 
This was precisely what Mrs. Olsen had intended to say just now... 
But she didn't know how to voice it without hurting Keira's pride. 
Keira showed no sign of feeling humiliated. Instead, she scoffed, "Two days ago, when Grandma was picking out this dress for me, you were there. So, did you do this on purpose?" 
Isla wasn't afraid of being exposed and said flatly, "I just thought the dress is more fitting for the hostess of the Horton family." 
She stared straight at Keira. "Keira, are you trying to outshine the Horton family's hostess?" 
Keira's expression darkened. 
Mrs. Olsen took a deep breath and then said decisively, "Keira, I'm not feeling well. Weren't you here to pick up a bag? Grab it and let's leave; you can take me home first." 
For the first time, she commanded Keira in a forceful tone. 
Keira was slightly taken aback and looked at her in surprise, "Mrs. Olsen..." 
"Keira, if you still acknowledge me as your elder, then listen to me and leave with me," Mrs. Olsen grabbed her hand. "Keira, I can't stand by and watch you being humiliated here." 
Keira clenched her jaw and sighed. "Mrs. Olsen, how about we take a look at the marriage certificate before deciding anything?" 
Mrs. Olsen didn't understand why she kept asking her to look at the marriage certificate, but she could only say, "...Alright."
###Chapter 149 - 149: She‘s Mrs. Horton!
Chapter 149 - 149: She‘s Mrs. Horton!
Keira walked past Isla and approached Madeleine. Just as she was about to enter the room, Madeleine suddenly asked, "Who are you?" 
Her voice was faint, and she appeared fragile as if posing no threat. 
Keira frowned slightly but said nothing. 
Isla then said, "Auntie, this is Keira. Didn't Great-grandma fall ill and mistake her for you? That's why Mr. Horton has been letting her stay at the house... Now there are all kinds of rumors going around, saying that Keira is my uncle's mistress..." 
"Isla!" Mrs. Olsen warned her, interrupting what Isla was about to say next. 
Isla pouted but didn't continue; however, the meaning behind her words was clear. 
Ignoring her, Keira kept her gaze on Madeleine and asked directly, "Miss Davis, right? Are you truly Mrs. Horton?" 
She found Madeleine somewhat inscrutable. 
Her question was both a probe and an opportunity for her to clarify things. 
Isla immediately scoffed. "Keira, you really outdo your mother in attendance. You're so arrogant before the real deal. Your mom wouldn't dare to pass gas in front of my mom; if you're going to be someone's mistress, at least learn from your mother's attitudes, right?" 
Mrs. Olsen's complexion changed drastically, her voice trembling, "Isla!" 
She couldn't understand why her daughter was being so sharp-tongued and repulsive! 
But Isla seemed completely unaware of her mistake, and retorted, "What's wrong? Did I say something incorrect? What right does she have to question Auntie's identity? She's so arrogant... Mom, you always tell me to shut up, but why don't you tell her to shut up?" 
Mrs. Olsen gasped for air and clutched her chest, her body trembling. 
Keira, however, paid them no heed and kept her eyes on Madeleine, "Are you going to talk?" 
Madeleine looked petrified by their quarreling. She gaped with innocent, doe eyes, bewildered and panicked by everything in front of her. She then replied weakly, "I— please don't be angry... I'm not in good health. I won't fight you for anything... As long as Lewis keeps taking care of me, that's enough... I also want to thank you, for helping take care of Grandma during this time..." 
She bowed her head, her fingers idly intertwining. "Lewis is too busy taking care of me and has no time for Grandma. Having you help us stay with grandma, I'm happy, and Lewis is happy too..." 
Immediately, Keira clenched her fists and took a step forward, "So then, answer my question, are you Mrs. Horton?" 
She was truly getting impatient. 
Madeleine looked delicate and weak, but her words were causing a great deal of confusion! 
None of her words explicitly stated whether she was Mrs. Horton or not, but every sentence implicitly spoke from the perspective of Mrs. Horton. 
She didn't like such ambiguities. 
Frowning, Keira saw that Madeleine looked frightened by her demeanor and quickly hid behind Isla, glancing at her in a panic. "I—I won't fight with you for him... Please, don't be angry, stop this..." 
As soon as these words came out, Isla immediately stood in front of her, righteously accusing Keira. "What are you doing? I know you're powerful, often resolving issues through physical means outside, but this is my aunt! She's already very frail. If you dare touch a single hair on her, let's see if Mr. Horton will let you off!" 
Keira frowned, "I didn't lay a hand on her..." 
Madeleine then hastily cried out. "She didn't lay a hand on me, no, she didn't..." 
Isla scoffed. "That's because you escaped before she could act, right? Keira, I really didn't expect you to become so brazen! In front of my mom and all these people, you even dared to threaten Mrs. Horton! You kept pressing her. What did you want her to say? Did you want her to hand over Uncle Lewis to you? How shameless can you be, to bully a sick person like this?!" 
Keira felt a surge of anger welling up within her. 
She stepped forward. "I was just trying to get things clear. From start to finish, it's been you doing all the talking. I want her to tell me herself, whether or not she's actually Mrs. Horton!" 
Isla scoffed again and turned to look at Madeleine. "Auntie, don't be scared! Assert your status and stature as the legal wife. This is the Horton residence, not some place where a mistress can cause trouble at will!" 
Madeleine immediately grabbed her dress nervously, bowing her head, "Miss Keira, thank you…" 
Isla showed a look of frustration. "Why would you thank her? She stole your husband's and your grandma's affection. How can you be so weak and incompetent... No wonder Uncle Lewis has been so openly messing around outside!" 
Madeleine stuttered, "Don't talk nonsense. Without evidence, as long as Lewis doesn't abandon me, it's fine." 
Isla said, "…If you keep this up, it won't be long before he does abandon you!" 
"Slap!" 
Mrs. Olsen couldn't stand it any longer and slapped Isla across the face. "I told you to shut up! Stop causing trouble here!" 
Isla's head was jerked to the side from the slap. She was stunned, then glared at Mrs. Olsen and shouted, "Why should I shut up? Keira is clearly the one who's in the wrong this time!" 
"Mom, in your eyes, is everything I do wrong? I was just trying to defend my aunt's dignity! I wanted Keira to realize her mistake!" 
Isla fixed a sharp gaze on Mrs. Olsen, "You're going to stop me? Is Keira so perfect in your eyes? Even if she becomes someone's mistress, a homewrecker, you'll still favor her?! Have you ever considered my feelings? With her doing such things in the Horton family, how can I stand my ground in the Horton household?!" 
With righteous indignation, Isla's questioning shook Mrs. Olsen to her core, "You... don't pretend your motives are so noble... you're just targeting Keira!" 
"Yes, I am targeting her, so what? If she hadn't done anything wrong, would I be able to target her? This time I completely occupy the moral high ground. What have I done wrong?!" 
Isla pressed aggressively. "Should we call everyone else to have a look?" 
Mrs. Olsen clutched her chest and stepped back. 
"Ma'am!" 
Keira took a step forward, reaching out to support her. 
But unexpectedly, Mrs. Olsen pushed her away in the next moment. 
Keira looked at Mrs. Olsen in astonishment, only to see her eyes red, her whole demeanor seeming on the verge of collapse. "It's my fault. My neglect has made the two of you turn out this way!" 
She looked at Keira with disappointment. "I always thought you were a good child, but today, Keira, you really let me down!" 
Mrs. Olsen's voice was choked with sobs, mixed with the disappointment in her eyes... 
All of this pained Keira, and she felt as if her heart was being viciously gripped by an invisible hand. 
She clenched her fists tightly, turned around sharply into the resting room, picked up her bag and strode out. Then, feeling wronged, she took out her marriage certificate from inside and handed it to Mrs. Olsen.
###Chapter 150 - 150: Disappointment
Chapter 150 - 150: Disappointment
Keira knew that no matter what she said, these people wouldn't believe her. 
Just like the class reunion a few days ago... 
She didn't plan to make empty claims. Instead, she took out evidence, hoping to convince Mrs. Olsen of her innocence. 
She looked at Mrs. Olsen and slowly said, "Ma'am, Mr. Horton and I truly are..." 
Before she could finish, a hand suddenly reached out from the side and snatched her marriage certificate from Mrs. Olsen's hand. 
Isla's shrill voice interrupted her. "Do you think that just by producing a marriage certificate, you can prove your claim? Keira, do you take everyone for blind fools?" 
Without even looking at the document, she attempted to tear it apart, but her manicured nails prevented her from exerting any strength. Frustrated, she threw it violently onto the floor and repeatedly ground it under her high heels. 
Keira's pupils contracted, and she immediately grabbed Isla's arm, her other hand swinging down at her! 
"Smack!" 
The loud slap echoed in the hallway. Unlike the slap Mrs. Olsen had delivered before, this time a visible handprint welled up on Isla's face. 
With a fierce look in her eyes, Keira stared at her. "Isla, I could call the police right now and accuse you of destroying national documents, and you would end up in jail." 
At these words, Isla's fingers tightened, but a glance at Mrs. Olsen bolstered her confidence. "Go ahead, call the police, and why not summon some reporters too? Let everyone see whether it is you, the adulteress and homewrecker who should be denounced and vilified, or whether I, the defender of justice, should be blamed!" 
Keira said forcefully, "I've said it before, I am not the 'other woman', Lewis and I are..." 
"Smack." 
Suddenly, something brushed across her face. 
Keira was stopped mid-sentence, and she froze in place, and in disbelief. She slowly turned her head to look at the one who had struck her—Mrs. Olsen. 
Mrs. Olsen's eyes were red, her body trembling slightly as she stared at Keira, "Keira, if you still listen to me, leave this place with me now!" 
Keira's eyes widened in astonishment. 
Actually, it didn't hurt at all... 
Mrs. Olsen hadn't had the heart to hit hard, and her cheek had only been grazed. 
Having been beaten by Poppy from a young age, this slap was indeed the lightest she had ever received in her life... 
Yet Keira had never felt as heartbroken as she did at this moment, the pain so severe that for an instant she struggled to breathe. 
Clenching her fists tightly, she stared in shock at Mrs. Olsen and after a long moment found her voice again, "...You don't believe me either?" 
Mrs. Olsen hadn't expected to strike her either. She looked down at her trembling fingers and let out a bitter smile upon hearing Keira's words. 
She had always believed in Keira's character. As a child, Keira would rather starve and rummage through garbage bins for food than casually take a cake left out on the table, even if she was nearly dying of hunger... 
Back then, Mrs. Olsen had admired Keira immensely. 
And gradually, she took her to heart. 
But she had never expected her to do something like this... 
Mrs. Olsen had already made inquiries and learned that Lewis got married two years ago, but Keira had only registered her marriage this year. She simply couldn't imagine the two being husband and wife. 
And the photographs that Isla showed her last time weren't edited; they were real... 
In those photos, the intimacy and the looks in the eyes of Keira and Lewis clearly showed they had feelings for one another... 
So how could she possibly believe Keira? 
Mrs. Olsen closed her eyes, feeling dizzy from anger. Overcome with a sense of powerlessness, in the end, all she could say to Keira was, "Leave..." 
Keira was stunned. "Mrs. Olsen, it's not what you think, Mr. Horton and I..." 
Isla felt immense satisfaction upon witnessing this scene. 
Keira was too capable of fighting back, making Isla always feel powerless in front of her. 
But there was one person whom Keira would never retaliate against, and that was Mrs. Olsen! 
She said sarcastically, "Didn't you hear what my mom said? She wants you to leave. She never wants to see someone as despicable as you ever again! You and your mother are both shameless homewreckers who shouldn't be seen in daylight!" 
Keira continued to look at Mrs. Olsen, "Mrs. Olsen..." 
Isla stepped forward, placing herself between her and Mrs. Olsen. "Are you leaving or not? Are you staying here on purpose to upset my mom to death so your own mother can take her place? What exactly are you plotting?!" 
As soon as these words fell, Mrs. Olsen went limp, and she was about to collapse to the ground! 
"Shirley!" 
Taylor quickly approached and steadied Mrs. Olsen's shaky body. He looked around in shock and asked, "What happened?" 
Isla immediately said, "My mom can't stand the shame of Keira being here as my uncle's mistress and homewrecker and told her to leave, but she refused, and it upset my mom!" 
Upon hearing this, Taylor immediately glared at Keira. "You ungrateful creature! How well has Shirley treated you since you were little? Have you no conscience?!" 
Keira looked at them, momentarily not knowing what to say. 
She suddenly let out a low laugh, finding it all rather meaningless. 
Not a single person was patient enough to listen to her explanations... 
She cast down her eyes, her expression indifferent. "Mrs. Olsen, take good care of yourself. There's no need to get angry because of me." 
After these words, she turned and walked away. 
Mrs. Olsen leaned on Taylor, watching Keira leave, wanting to reach out and call her back, but not knowing what to say... 
Isla pointed toward the lounge and said, "Dad, Mom, why don't you go inside and rest for a bit..." 
Taylor helped Mrs. Olsen into the room. 
After a while, Mrs. Olsen finally regained her breath. Taylor scolded her angrily. "Shirley, why are you getting angry over such an ungrateful daughter? She's not worth your efforts! Her mother had no shame and schemed against me to have her. She has Poppy Hill's blood flowing in her veins. She's selfish and without a moral bottom line..." 
Mrs. Olsen's gaze was empty, her heart filled with disappointment. 
"You're always strict with Isla, and you always tell me that Keira is better than her. Look at her now. Keira's moral bottom line is far behind Isla's! No matter what, Isla has never reduced herself to being a mistress! 
Taylor held Mrs. Olsen's hand. "Shirley, promise me, don't worry about Keira anymore. From now on, stay away from her, and don't upset yourself anymore, alright?" 
Mrs. Olsen painfully closed her eyes. 
Had this child, Keira, truly gone astray? 
She clenched her fists tightly, finding it hard to believe, yet the truth was before her eyes... 
Seeing she didn't respond, Taylor simply said, "Are you feeling better now? If you are, then let's go. We've made our presence known today, and that should be enough for the Horton family." 
Mrs. Olsen, trembling and unsteady, stood up, and with the support of Taylor, stepped out of the lounge. 
By then, the outside had quieted down. Everyone had gone to the front hall. 
As the two of them stepped out, they saw a marriage certificate lying lonely on the ground; Mrs. Olsen paused, then took a step forward and picked it up...
###Chapter 151 - 151: Hold Your Hand
Chapter 151 - 151: Hold Your Hand
The marriage certificate even had footprints on it, dirty and grimy. 
Mrs. Olsen took out a handkerchief to wipe it, her eyes downcast. "No matter what, Isla shouldn't have damaged Keira's marriage certificate." 
Taylor scoffed. "She shouldn't have resorted to physical violence either! With that barbaric and uncouth temperament of Keira, why are you still worried about her?" 
Mrs. Olsen ignored this remark. After cleaning the marriage certificate, she prepared to open it and take a look. 
However, the marriage certificate was snatched away by Taylor. "What good will it do? Didn't her husband already visit our house last time? That laborer let his wife be someone else's mistress and homewrecker. He's such a useless man! Stop looking at it to avoid getting angry all over again!" 
Mrs. Olsen's jaw tensed, and she finally said, "Before we leave, let's return the marriage certificate to Keira…" 
"… Alright, alright. Shirley, you're just too kind-hearted!" 
As they conversed, they walked toward the hall. 
... 
Keira didn't return to the front hall, Instead, she went to the back garden. 
This year's winter seemed particularly cold. The chilly wind pierced through her thin dress, quickly making her feel as if even her bones were chilled. Yet, these sensations couldn't compare to the coldness in her chest. 
She didn't blame Mrs. Olsen for the misunderstanding, nor did she feel qualified to blame her. 
Mrs. Olsen was the sole source of warmth in her childhood life. 
It was Mrs. Olsen who taught her self-respect, self-love, and to live life not by others' definitions; 
It was Mrs. Olsen who helped her with the enrollment paperwork when Keira started elementary school, giving her the chance to receive nine years of compulsory education. 
The first doll she ever received as a child was a gift from Mrs. Olsen, even though it was later secretly torn up by Isla. 
The first dress she received was also from Mrs. Olsen, telling her that a girl's beauty isn't for pleasing men, but for pleasing herself, even though that dress was later stripped off by Poppy and given to Isla. 
Likewise, it was Mrs. Olsen who helped her break free from Poppy's control in middle school, and Mrs. Olsen provided her with identification for the college entrance exams, without which she probably couldn't have attended university… 
If not for Mrs. Olsen, she might have died in infancy, perished from the beatings of her childhood, or lost her life in the mountainous areas where she was nearly sold off. Even if she had survived by some stroke of luck, she would have been no better than a living corpse. 
She held an uncontrollable admiration for Mrs. Olsen. 
That was why she felt so exceedingly sad when Mrs. Olsen asked her to leave just a moment ago. 
She stood by the man-made lake, silently gazing at the lake's surface. Oceanion was foggy today. It blurred her vision and seemed to obscure her future. 
Just at this darkest, coldest moment, a warm coat was suddenly draped over her shoulders. 
Keira turned around blankly, only to see Lewis had approached at some point. The night had softened the sharpness he exhibited during the day, adding a gentle touch to his demeanor. 
He was looking at her intently, his voice low and gentle. "Why are you out here alone? Aren't you cold?" 
Keira's nose tingled. 
Seeing him at that moment filled her heart with an indescribable sourness, moistening the rims of her eyes. 
She blinked rapidly, trying hard to hold back the tears… 
But then he suddenly embraced her. 
The warmth from his body seeped through their thin clothes and into hers, gradually awakening her frozen body… 
She didn't know when it started, but it seemed that every time she was sad and hurting, this man would always appear just in time. 
Keira's mood finally began to settle, and she pushed him away. "Shouldn't we head back now?" 
"Well," Lewis's lips curved into a smile. "Grandma is sending people everywhere looking for you. She can't wait to announce our marital status." 
He took Keira's hand and suddenly looked down at her. "Miss Olsen, you understand what it means to announce our relationship, right?" 
His gaze was serious and persistent, making Keira's heart race. She knew what it meant but deliberately asked, "What does it mean?" 
Lewis didn't poke through her thoughts and simply said, "The marital status of the CEO of Horton Group, a publicly listed company, needs to be stable, or it will affect the whole company. So... once the relationship is announced, we are husband and wife for life." 
Keira was about to retort that, coincidentally, her company was also about to go public... 
But it seemed as if the man knew what she was going to say, his voice suddenly deep and magnetic. He cut her off before she could speak, stating each word clearly. "Miss Olsen, you have seen the state of the Horton family. The future is full of uncertainties, and it's possible that I may be ousted by the first branch of the family or even driven out of Horton Group. So, are you willing to spend a lifetime with me?" 
Keira was stunned. 
His words were realistic, laced with hints of uncertainty and cautiousness as if he wasn't sure she would agree. 
Keira cocked her head, "If you really fall into hard times in the future, getting kicked out with nothing to your name, you can live off my money." 
At her words, Lewis was momentarily taken aback, then he couldn't help but laugh. 
Apart from the Horton Group, he had many backup plans... The things he had just said were a reminder of the unknown road ahead for Keira, but he didn't expect her reply to be this. 
She always caught him by surprise. 
From the first meeting to their subsequent encounters, he didn't know when he began to like her... Perhaps it was her mischievous way of approaching him with different identities, maybe it was her defiant look when threatened by Jake, or possibly it was her eternally confident smile, or even the inexplicable familiarity he felt the first time he saw her... 
He remembered the first time he went to the Olsen family for Jake's engagement. Upon entering, he noticed a girl standing in a corner, quietly fixing her gaze on him. 
Her eyes were clear, filled only with curiosity and appraisal. 
She believed she was unnoticed in the shadows, yet she didn't know that even the shadows couldn't hide her stunning charm and radiance... 
That must have been what they call love at first sight, and eventually, love that deepens over time. 
Everything was just right. 
Lewis looked down with tenderness, whispering softly, "Alright, then you'll have to make a good living. I tend to spend quite a bit." 
"...No problem." 
After answering his question, Keira realized that she didn't know when Lewis had taken her hand, and their fingers were interlocked. 
She paused for a moment. 
Always independent, she wasn't opposed to the idea of having someone to share her life with, as there had been many who courted her. 
But she never felt she needed a man to rely on. 
Yet now, the thought of having him by her side seemed quite nice. 
A phrase suddenly came to mind. "Hold your hand and grow old with you." 
The two of them walked toward the front hall. 
Their steps were firm, their eyes smiled at each other, and together they stepped into the back door of the banquet hall. 
At the same time, Mrs. Olsen and Taylor also entered the front hall, looking everywhere for her.
###Chapter 152 - 152: Arrangement
Chapter 152 - 152: Arrangement
Keira followed Lewis into the back door of the banquet hall. Just as she was about to head to the main hall, suddenly a servant rushed over from the side. 
She was carrying several glasses of red wine and didn't see the path clearly. She was about to collide with Keira. 
Keira instinctively extended her arm to block her, but in the next moment, she was yanked fiercely around the waist, and Lewis shielded her with his body. 
"Crash!" 
The wine glasses hit his back and scattered on the floor. 
And the red wine stained his white shirt. 
"Mr. Horton, Miss Olsen, I'm so sorry, so sorry..." the servant apologized, clearly flustered. 
Yet Keira was looking at Lewis. 
In past incidents, she always braced herself, but just now, she had felt what it was like to be protected. 
Lewis carefully checked the girl in his arms, and seeing she was unharmed, he relaxed. Frowning, he felt the wetness on his own skin and said to the servant, "Be careful. Don't bump into the guests." 
"Yes, yes..." 
The servant crouched down to clean up. 
Lewis then said to Keira, "I'll go upstairs to change my clothes. Stay with Grandma for the time being." 
He certainly couldn't appear in such a disheveled state publicly with Keira. 
"Okay." 
Keira watched Lewis ascend the stairs before she herself entered the main hall. 
After entering through the back door, the first area was a lounge. 
At the moment, it was surrounded by a group of high school classmates invited by Jake. They were chatting away and were almost the same group of people from the last class reunion. 
Erin, who had been fired from her company and couldn't find a job, looked even more sullen than before. She was talking in a sarcastic tone. "I just saw Mrs. Horton. This proves that Keira was indeed lying last time. She's definitely Mr. Horton's mistress! How shameless!" 
Charles was defending Keira. "There must be some misunderstanding..." 
"What misunderstanding could there be?" Erin sneered. "That day, it was clear what kind of relationship Mr. Horton had with her. Otherwise, why would he call her his woman? I really want to see later when Mr. Horton and Mrs. Horton make their appearance, what you will have to say then!" 
Charles was speechless. 
Keira didn't walk over but looked toward where Old Mrs. Horton was seated, noticing the old lady wasn't there. She must have gone to the restroom. 
She stood still, planning to wait for old Mrs. Horton to return. 
Suddenly there was a commotion at the entrance. Keira turned her head to look and saw Poppy somehow making her way inside. 
She wore plain clothes, which made her stand out among the splendidly dressed crowd, and quickly drew the attention of others. They began to whisper among themselves, "Who is that?" 
Keira frowned, knowing Poppy must have come looking for her. 
Just as she was about to go over and lead her away, Isla had already appeared by her side. "Aunt Hill, are you here to find Keira?" she said loudly, drawing the immediate attention of everyone around. 
Smiling, Poppy said, "No, I've come to find the hostess of the Horton family..." 
Isla's gaze swept past Keira and settled on Madeleine, who was beside her. She deliberately raised her voice. "That would be my aunt, currently the hostess of the Horton family. What do you need her for?" 
Poppy immediately approached Madeleine, nodding and bowing with an ingratiating smile. After glancing around, her eyes flicked, and she started shouting loudly. "Mrs. Horton, I'm Keira's mother... My daughter has slept with Mr. Horton. She can't just get away with it for free, right? I'm here today to demand an explanation..." 
Madeleine seemed to be frightened by her behavior, and she stepped back abruptly like a startled deer. 
But how could Poppy possibly let her go? She grabbed hold of her wrist. "Mrs. Horton, don't leave! Let's have a good talk about how you and Keira should get along in the future..." 
Madeleine was panic-stricken, with fearful tears welling up in her eyes as if she had been terrified. 
Isla stepped forward with a frown. "Let go! If you don't let go, I'll call security!" 
Upon hearing this, Poppy immediately sat down on the ground. "I don't care. I can't just let my daughter get taken advantage of for nothing, Mrs. Horton. You and my daughter are now sisters, living together in the Horton house from now on. You must get along peacefully..." 
Madeleine seemed to have been scared out of her wits, unable to utter a word. 
Isla exclaimed angrily, "Keira is already married to someone else!" 
Yet Poppy slapped the floor. "Exactly, my daughter is married, and now she's living in the Horton residence in such an unclear and ambiguous way. What does this mean? You must give me an explanation!" 
Isla, in a righteous manner, said, "What right does a mistress have to demand an explanation?" 
Poppy had come here today to disgust Keira and affirm her identity as a mistress on behalf of Isla, so upon hearing this, she immediately raised her voice. "What about being a mistress? Mistresses are people too. The law doesn't say you can't be a mistress! Can't you learn from Mrs. Olsen, who took me and my daughter in the Olsen residence and got along with me peacefully..." 
Keira stood not far away, listening to these outrageous and unbelievable words. Her eyes flashed with mockery! 
Poppy had definitely been invited by Isla. 
When at the Olsen residence, Poppy demanded Keira always give way to Isla, which she thought was due to Poppy's feeling of guilt, and she had put up with it. 
But why did Poppy hate Keira so much? She had gone so far as to do something like this, wanting to tarnish Keira's reputation. 
Keira thought, "Is she really my mother?" 
Isla immediately looked toward her. "Keira, I didn't expect you to shamelessly cling to the Horton house. Is that what you intended?" 
With that, she turned all the attention toward Keira. The crowd then noticed her presence and immediately began to point and comment. 
"Oh my God, that's so shameless. I've never seen such an arrogant mistress. She's talking about being sisters as if we're in the 18th century." 
"Didn't you hear what Isla said? Keira's mother's a mistress, and now here she is serving as someone else's lover—like mother, like daughter!" 
"I heard that this mistress was provoking Mrs. Horton backstage just now. She's just bullying Mrs. Horton because she doesn't have a powerful maternal family to back her up! I really don't know how the Olsen family raised such an illegitimate daughter!" 
"It's simply speechless and laughable!" 
"..." 
In the midst of the argument, Rebecca burst out angrily, "Stop talking nonsense! Miss Keira couldn't possibly do such things. She lives in the Horton house because old Mrs. Horton likes her. It has nothing to do with Mr. Horton; her relationship with him is pure and innocent!" 
Keira remained calm and composed. 
These accusations from others couldn't possibly hurt her. 
She didn't bother to refute them because she already knew that this crowd would never believe her words. 
Lewis wanted to make it public, and he must have prepared in advance. 
Just as she thought this, a sound came and Keira, along with everyone else, turned their heads to see a curtain slowly dropping in the center of the hall...
###Chapter 153 - 153: A Plan within a Plan
Chapter 153 - 153: A Plan within a Plan
Keira was slightly startled. 
The people around were also confused, discussing among themselves. "What's this? What's going on?" 
Keira took the opportunity to observe the crowd. 
Everyone looked bewildered, not understanding what this meant. 
In the crowd, only two people remained calm, their eyes even betraying a hint of excitement. 
It was Jake and Isla. 
What were the two of them up to? 
Just as Keira had this thought, the curtain fell, and with a "click," the projector was turned on, and a photo was projected onto the screen! 
Keira's pupils constricted. 
The photo was the one that had been surreptitiously taken of her and Lewis previously. 
Both were dressed normally, only they were lying on the sofa, heads close together, looking from afar like they were kissing... 
The photo was actually quite innocent, showing nothing explicit, but their gazes seemed to melt together, and being so close made Keira suddenly think of that night... She felt her cheeks flush, then she frowned. 
The scene then exploded into an uproar! 
Rebecca couldn't believe it as she turned her head to look at Keira. 
Erin stepped out from among the classmates, mocking them with a laugh. "Keep making excuses. Just now you were still saying that there was nothing between Keira and Mr. Horton, weren't you? Not talking now, are you?" 
Rebecca stammered, "…It must be edited, yes, there must be a misunderstanding. Miss Keira couldn't possibly be this kind of person!" 
Although she didn't know how to explain it, she firmly believed in Keira. 
A slight smile tugged at the corners of Keira's lips. 
Erin scoffed, "Edited photos all have traces. This screen is so big, and the photo spreads so naturally. Anyone who isn't blind can see it's real. How could you stand there and lie through your teeth?" 
The people around started to talk. 
"Right, and her own mother came out to say so. Now there are photos as evidence too, proving that this affair is real..." 
"Some people are really shameless, fawning over dementia-stricken old Mrs. Horton, thinking they can enter the elite by becoming a rich lady?" 
"Oh my God, isn't this too sensational? Is Mr. Horton really treating his wife fairly with such actions?" 
"Haven't you heard? This Keira is married too, both are engaging in extramarital affairs..." 
"..." 
Amidst the accusations of the crowd, Mrs. Olsen and Taylor also stepped forward. 
Seeing the content on the screen, Mrs. Olsen's pupils shrank, and she instinctively looked toward Isla, shouting urgently, "Take it down now!" 
It seemed that no one from the Horton family had considered minimizing the damage. Instead, it was Mrs. Olsen, whose reminder brought everyone back to their senses. 
A butler wanted to take action but was stopped by Jake. "Many reporters have snuck in. It's already too late to take it down. I think the best course of action is to have Uncle give everyone a reasonable explanation!" 
Upon hearing this, the executives from the Horton Group who were following Jake started to speak. 
"Yes, yes, what is going on, Mr. Horton? His image affects the company; how can he be so reckless?!" 
"Wasn't it this young girl who started her internship at the company some time ago? How did she end up entering our home with such ease?" 
"It's over. Some busybody has already sent out the situation here, and the heat is rising now!" 
"Where's the PR department? Hurry up and contact them. This matter concerns the entire Horton Group's shares. We must not allow it to impact us too greatly! Otherwise, when the market opens tomorrow, the stock price is sure to plummet!" 
"We can't control the heat. I don't know what's happening, but it seems like someone is secretly pushing it, and the heat has soared!" 
"..." 
Today was old Mrs. Horton's birthday celebration, which was grand and imposing. It wasn't only attended by relatives and friends but also regular business partners. Most of the Horton Group's executives were here as well. 
At this moment, everyone has gathered together, discussing the issue eagerly. 
While the Horton Group's executives were discussing, Poppy had already approached Keira, grabbed her hand, and looked at Madeleine. "Mrs. Horton, do you see? This is the evidence that my daughter slept with Mr. Horton! Now you can't refute it, can you? You must give her an explanation today!" 
Madeleine's eyes became teary, and she looked around in a panic and at a loss. 
Isla angrily questioned Keira. "Keira, this is the eighty-sixth birthday celebration of our great-grandmother; don't go too far! She has been so good to you. If you have any conscience, take your mom and leave immediately!" 
Jake also said, "Right, now that the matter has blown up this much, it's better if you leave quickly! Stop embarrassing yourself here! And stop causing trouble for my uncle!" 
But Poppy strained her neck and shouted, "Why should you drive us away?" 
She turned her gaze to Mrs. Olsen and Taylor, malice flashing in her eyes, and headed straight for them. "Mrs. Olsen, please help! Back then, you kindly took me and Keira in. You can persuade Mrs. Horton now... After all, Keira was raised by you. You can't just watch her being wronged..." 
Her words made everyone turn toward Mrs. Olsen. 
The heirs of wealthy families all had one or two mistresses outside. 
Their legitimate wives at home surely looked down on them, and Mrs. Olsen's actions were clearly incomprehensible to them, even instigating hostility. 
If every family allowed mistresses with children to enter their doors, how could they ensure their own interests? 
Therefore, they accused her in unison. 
"That's her, the one who let the mistress into the house. I've never seen such a foolish woman!" 
"Isn't she too weak? I heard her husband disagreed at first, but she became soft-hearted upon seeing the mistress pregnant with a child... What a fake saint!" 
"Mrs. Olsen, the kind of person I hate the most is you. You pretend to be magnanimous by accepting people in. What era is this? Are you pretending to be virtuous?" 
"Haven't you heard? Keira was raised by her. If she turns out like this, it shows she didn't educate her well from the start. She's using the ancient ways of spoiling Keira by indulgence in the modern world!" 
"Such deep scheming. I heard she's from Clance. People there are best at these kinds of struggles, right? How disgusting!" 
"..." 
The accusations turned Mrs. Olsen's face white, and she staggered as if she might collapse. 
"Shirley!" 
Taylor held her in a hurry. 
Keira, seeing this, stepped forward anxiously, wanting to check on her condition… 
But she was pushed away by Taylor. "Stay away from Shirley! If it weren't for you, how could Shirley possibly be insulted like this?" 
Keira clenched her fists. 
Just then, Lewis, having changed his clothes, finally came downstairs!
###Chapter 154 - 154: Husband and Wife
Chapter 154 - 154: Husband and Wife
Lewis had changed into a new suit of the same style and as he descended the stairs slowly. There was a palpable sense of oppression that pervaded the entire banquet hall. 
His gaze was intent, and after reaching the bottom of the stairs, he first looked toward the screen before surveying the surroundings. 
He quickly spotted Keira and strode over to her. 
But to his surprise, he was intercepted by Poppy. 
She rushed in front of Lewis and clung to his lower leg. "Mr. Horton, I am Keira's mother. You've slept with her, so you must give her an explanation. You can't just leave things unresolved!" 
Lewis frowned. He wanted to kick her away, but when he remembered that this woman was, after all, Keira's mother, he still showed some restraint and merely shook her off before turning his gaze to Tom. 
With a wave of Tom's hand, two bodyguards in black immediately rushed over and grabbed Poppy. 
Poppy sat on the ground, slapping her thighs and crying., "Come and see, someone is going to murder me! Mr. Horton slept with my daughter and refuses to take responsibility..." 
The next moment, a rag was viciously stuffed into her mouth by Tom! 
Poppy couldn't speak a word anymore and only could make muffled whining sounds. 
Tom then picked at his ear. "Finally quiet. Your wailing was really annoying!" 
This sequence of actions swiftly took care of the noisiest person at the scene. 
Yet Lewis was stopped again by Jake, "Uncle Lewis, with so many executives here, shouldn't you give us an explanation about what's on the screen?" 
Lewis's gaze sharpened as he looked toward him. 
Jake swallowed nervously, no longer daring to speak. 
Jake's father, Oliver started talking. "Lewis, as the person in charge of Horton Group, you should set an example. How could you be so reckless and even allow evidence to be captured..." 
He sighed. "Today, many reporters are here to cover the grand occasion of your grandmother's birthday banquet. Even if you can silence us, you can't silence them. So now, we need a practical plan!" 
Lewis remained composed but didn't rush to explain. Instead, he looked at his brother, "What kind of plan should we come up with?" 
Oliver didn't speak. 
But someone among the executives behind him spoke up. "Mr. Horton, we want to know. Is the photo real?" 
Lewis glanced at the photo again, and his expression remained indifferent, "It's real." 
As soon as he said that, the people around immediately started buzzing with conversation. 
"Mr. Horton isn't even trying to hide it? It's actually real!" 
"Yeah, in such a situation, no matter what, he shouldn't have admitted it! Now that he has admitted it, what will he do next?" 
"Is Mr. Horton willing to risk everything for this femme fatale? He's even disregarding Mrs. Horton's feelings!" 
Speaking of Mrs. Horton, everyone instinctively looked toward Madeleine. 
But they saw her continue to step back and then looked at Lewis with eyes full of sorrow. 
Lewis, however, didn't look at her and only focused on the executive. "Anything else?" 
"Mr. Horton, we've heard that Miss Olsen is married?" 
"Correct." 
Lewis nodded again. 
The executive was taken aback. He had hoped that Lewis would argue for the sake of his reputation, maybe by saying he was unaware she was married... 
The executive said awkwardly, "Did Miss Olsen seduce you? Was that why you couldn't control yourself for a moment?" 
Lewis lowered his gaze. "No, Miss Olsen and I are in love with each other." 
After those words, the room erupted in an uproar that could blow the roof off. Everyone stared at him in disbelief. 
"My God! Mr. Horton is openly admitting to cheating!" 
"Keira sure is beautiful. She has completely enchanted Mr. Horton! She's really something!" 
"What a pair of adulterous scum! They have no shame at all!" 
"..." 
Even the executive who had asked the question was at a loss for words for a moment. 
Oliver frowned. "Lewis, have you lost your mind? You're married, how can you stoop so low with a married woman?! Every action you take represents the image of the company. You can't act recklessly and do whatever you please! Kick that mistress out right now, or else you may not be able to hold onto your CEO's position!" 
At these words, Keira, who had been standing aside, raised her eyebrows. 
She thought to herself how that curtain had mysteriously revealed their presence, so it was the first branch of the family's doing, aiming to ruin Lewis's reputation and pull him down from the CEO's position! 
She found it laughable and couldn't help but curl her lips into a mocking smile. 
Isla said, "Keira, what are you laughing at? Do you think you've stolen my uncle from my aunt? Don't you have any sense of decency? I advise you to leave quickly! Go live a good life with your husband and stop trying to break up my uncle and aunt!" 
The people around them were all talking. 
"Exactly, I've never seen such an arrogant mistress. Even if Mr. Horton is impressive, the way he's handled this situation is utterly contemptible!" 
"I used to think Mr. Horton was deeply devoted to his wife, staying away from other women for so many years, but it was all a facade! It was all an act, right?" 
"Oh my, what an eye-opener today! I've seen many mistresses before, but never one who could bewitch someone to this extent!" 
"This Keira is a disaster! A calamity!" 
"Keira, if you truly love Mr. Horton, then have the decency to step back. Are you so selfish that for your so-called mutual love, you would drag Mr. Horton down from his pedestal?" 
"..." 
The executives surrounding Lewis were giving him a hard time. 
The group of rich ladies surrounding Keira were also accusing her. 
Keira frowned, ready to retort with a cold laugh when her wrist was suddenly grabbed by Mrs. Olsen. 
Mrs. Olsen was trembling slightly as she stared at Keira. "Keira, I'm asking you one last time, will you leave with me or not?" 
Her voice was trembling, her eyes resolute. 
Seeing her like this, Keira felt inexplicably distressed. "Mrs. Olsen, I won't go." 
Mrs. Olsen gripped her wrist even tighter, fixing her gaze on her. 
After a long moment, she saw the determination in Keira's eyes and let out a bitter smile. 
She took the marriage certificate from Taylor's hand and handed it to Keira. "Keira, if you don't leave with me today, I'll never see you again." 
Leaving those words behind, she pressed the marriage certificate into Keira's hand and turned to leave resolutely. 
But just as she turned, Lewis's deep, clear voice slowly filled the entire hall. 
"You want an explanation from me? I think it's you who owes me an explanation. 
"My wife and I had our photos displayed so publicly. Haven't you violated our right to privacy as a couple?"
###Chapter 155 Schemes
Chapter 155 Schemes
As Lewis spoke, everyone was stunned. 
Mrs. Olsen paused mid-step, then spun around, looking at Keira with disbelief etched on her face. 
She was utterly astonished, her eyes filled with incredulity. 
Her mouth opened and closed as if to say something, but she was unable to utter a word. Suddenly, she seemed to comprehend something, and her gaze fixed intently on the marriage certificate in Keira's hands. 
Keira tightened her grip on it. 
She took another step forward and handed the marriage certificate to Mrs. Olsen. 
At the same time, others were also questioning Lewis's words. 
Isla gasped in shock, "How is this possible? Uncle, Mrs. Horton is clearly here. How can you say you and Keira are husband and wife?" 
She looked at Madeleine, only to see her face ashen and filled with disbelief! 
Gripping her skirt tightly, Madeleine looked at Lewis in confusion. "Lewis, what did you just say? You're joking, right?" 
Her reaction elicited sympathy from the crowd 
"Look at Mrs. Horton. She obviously had no clue…" 
"What's Mr. Horton up to? Could he really be dumping his wife for that vixen?" 
"Oh my God, Mrs. Horton is so pitiful!" 
"Does a woman with no family background deserve to be bullied? But what can Mrs. Horton do? With the Horton family's extensive wealth, changing wives must be like changing clothes, right?" 
"Mrs. Horton looks absolutely stunned…" 
Oliver frowned and immediately said, "Lewis, what do you mean by this? Do you want to divorce your wife and marry Keira? If so, you must follow the formal legal process. You cannot treat her like this while your marriage still stands! The Horton family values won't allow such actions!" 
At his words, the Horton family patriarch, Nathan, also stepped forward. 
The well-groomed gentleman was in his sixties and was brimming with vitality. He was dressed in a sharp suit and appeared more like a middle-aged man because of his good upkeep. 
He frowned at Lewis. "You scoundrel! The Horton family has never engaged in infidelity. Are you now going to abandon your lawfully wedded wife for this married woman?" 
But Lewis's lips curled with a hint of irony. He glanced at Oliver before retorting, "The Horton men never engage in infidelity?" 
Outsiders may not know, but the Hortons were well aware that not only had Oliver had affairs, but he also had an illegitimate daughter he doted on. For her, Oliver had many quarrels with Melissa and even contemplated divorce so that the illegitimate daughter could enter the Horton family with dignity. 
This was precisely the root of Jake's deep-seated hatred for illegitimate children. 
Yet Oliver appeared unfazed. "Yes, Lewis, it's the Horton family's discipline. Men are not allowed to have affairs." 
That self-righteous demeanor only intensified Lewis's sense of mockery. 
This was his "dear" older brother. 
Oliver bullied Lewis when the latter was too young to fight back and conspired with human traffickers to sell Lewis when he was nine. He had repeatedly tried to have Lewis killed with hired assassins over the years! 
Nathan blindly trusted and defended him, always insisting that Lewis's suspicions were baseless and always siding with the first branch of the family against Lewis. 
But Lewis had long since given up hope on these relatives, so he showed no emotion. 
Lewis said slowly, "Who said I was unfaithful?" 
This startled Oliver, who then sneered. "What do you mean by that? You just publicly acknowledged your romance with Miss Olsen, and now you're denying it?" 
But Lewis looked directly at Madeleine, "Miss Davis, have you told everyone that we're married?" 
People immediately turned their gaze toward Madeleine. 
Keira also glanced over. 
From the very beginning, this seemingly fragile and harmless woman had been acting like Mrs. Horton, subjecting her to public insults. Keira didn't know the relationship between Madeleine and Lewis, but she had always believed in Lewis. 
Isla also raised her eyebrows, speaking in confusion. "Auntie, aren't you and Uncle married?" 
Madeleine clasped her fingers tightly, "I... Lewis, what do you mean? For all these years, I've been your wife in name... You promised me that you would marry me!" 
In name only wife... 
Before the crowd could react, Jake suddenly grasped the truth. "I get it! Uncle, you're not actually married, right? Grandpa said that being married was a condition for the CEO of Horton Group, but you have been fooling us all along!" 
Oliver also understood something. "Lewis, the marital status of the CEO of Horton Group is tied to the entire group's reputation. How could you concoct such an outrageous lie for your own sake!" 
Nathan said angrily, "I mandated that the CEO of Horton Group must be married to prevent family instability from tarnishing Horton Group's reputation and causing scandals! Lewis, are you married or not?!" 
Lewis looked at them. 
There was no legal requirement that the group's CEO had to be married. The old man had made this demand back then merely to stop him from taking the position. 
So he had conjured up a wife in name only but had never acknowledged that it was Madeleine. It was just everyone else speculation. 
He had always been too lazy to clarify. 
But now it was different... 
Through the crowd, Lewis's gaze found Keira, and he said, "Didn't I just say it? Miss Olsen and I are married. We're husband and wife!" 
"..." 
The room fell into another silence. 
Isla was the first to scream in disbelief. "Impossible! Keira got her marriage certificate just last month! She had a shotgun marriage with some little punk. How could she be married to you?!" 
Jake nodded. "Right, Uncle, you previously lied to us saying you were married two years ago, and now you're saying you're married to Keira... You wouldn't be stepping into Keira's marriage trying to cover up for yourself, would you? This must be another lie!" 
His eyes blazed with fury, and he hated Lewis. 
How could Keira become his aunt? How would she then be able to become his woman? 
He refused to believe it! 
Oliver sighed. "Lewis, with all these lies, we really don't know whether to believe you anymore. If the journalists here report this, won't others think the Horton Group is a company of charlatans?" 
Seeing an opportunity, Nathan asserted. "Lewis, your marriage situation is so unstable and confusing. I suggest we call a board meeting to remove you from your CEO's position to explain things to Horton Group's employees and to everyone!" 
Finally, the words were spoken. 
Lewis stared at his aging father and chuckled coldly. "Who said my marriage situation is unstable?" 
As those words were uttered, the picture on that curtain suddenly changed to a bright red marriage certificate! 
The marriage certificate was his and Keira's, dated two years ago!
###Chapter 156 A Slap in the Face
Chapter 156 A Slap in the Face
Once the marriage certificate photo was revealed, the scene erupted into an uproar. 
Lewis scanned the crowd with a contemptuous smile. "Surely none of you are still questioning the authenticity of this marriage certificate, are you? Do I need to take each of you to the courthouse to verify it?" 
Everyone present was dumbfounded. 
Isla's pupils shrank violently as she looked at Keira in disbelief. 
How could this be... How could it be?! 
Wasn't Keira only recently married? How could it be from two years ago? 
But she knew the marriage certificate must be real. 
With so many reporters present, Lewis wouldn't have forged a document... 
Jake's entire face had turned deathly pale. 
Keira was indeed married to his uncle... She had been his aunt all along! 
Against others, Jake could contend or use some forceful measures, but it was Jake's nature to fear Lewis! 
Oliver and Nathan's faces darkened, and both were somewhat disappointed. 
They exchanged a glance, their complexions looking extremely ugly. 
They had thought that they could use this event to topple Lewis, but they hadn't expected things turn out to be like this! 
Seeing the marriage certificate, Keira arched an eyebrow. 
She suddenly understood why Lewis was late! He had been fishing! 
The curtain was originally under the control of the first branch of the family; it was meant to display private photos, but now it showed the marriage certificate, indicating Lewis had known it all along. 
But Lewis took advantage of the situation, slapping the first branch's face! 
This huge blunder must have caused those who followed the first branch to waver. 
As she mused, Mrs. Olsen was also staring at the marriage certificate in shock!! 
Mrs. Olsen had never expected such an outcome and looked at Keira with an indescribable expression. "When you kept asking me to look at the marriage certificate, was this what you meant?" 
Keira lowered her gaze, obviously hurt. 
This was the first time in her life that Mrs. Olsen hadn't believed her... Keira nodded, "Yes." 
"I..." 
Mrs. Olsen attempted to explain something, but then suddenly found herself unable to speak. 
She hadn't anticipated this. 
Facing Keira, a sense of guilt surged in her chest. 
Several times, Keira tried to explain, but she and Isla interrupted Keira. Keira handed the marriage certificate to her to see, but she didn't look... 
As she shared a speechless moment with Keira, a shocked outcry burst from the nearby classmates' group, "How is this possible? Keira, an illegitimate daughter, actually married Mr. Horton?!" 
It was Erin's sharp voice. 
Her face was one of shock, and she could no longer maintain her composure. Trembling, she pointed to the screen. "This must be fake! How could Keira be worthy of this marriage?!" 
The students around her looked at her as if she were a fool. 
It seemed that being fired from the company and unable to find a job in Oceanion hadn't taught her any lesson... 
Keira's eyes chilled as she was about to speak, but Tom already took a step forward, "Miss Olsen... oh, no, Mrs. Horton is the hostess of the Horton family. How can you insult her like this? Do you look down on the Horton family?" 
Erin was stunned, swallowing hard. 
The black-clothed bodyguards following Tom were all tall and burly. Any one of them individually was enough to strike terror in one's heart. 
It was only then that she seemed to realize just what kind of person she had offended. 
She collapsed on the ground in an instant, her eyes darting to Lewis. "Mr. Horton, I—I'm sorry. I'll never dare again..." 
Lewis didn't speak. 
However, Tom understood his boss's intent and laughed, "Don't you know whom you've offended?" 
That statement made Erin turn sharply toward Keira. 
Resentment flashed in her eyes. 
Back in college, Keira kept to herself and wasn't as sociable with her classmates as Erin... But now... 
Their statuses were worlds apart! 
In the face of absolute strength, Erin had to bow her head. "Keira, I slandered you. I'm sorry! Please let me off! I swear I'll never gossip about you again. Please allow me to find a job; I don't want to leave Oceanion..." 
Keira lowered her gaze, for she was never one for saintly compassion, and said indifferently, "When one errs, a price must be paid. Tom, I don't wish to see her at the banquet any longer." 
"Yes, Mrs. Horton." 
A wave of Tom's hand summoned a bodyguard, who grabbed Erin by the arm and dragged her out. 
Although Charles and other classmates felt it was a bit cruel, they remembered the things Erin had done to Keira and remained silent. 
Isla clenched her fists tightly. 
At this moment, Keira was absolutely stealing the show! 
Keira was actually the hostess of the Horton family... Didn't that mean she would be above Isla in the future? 
Isla had worked hard to marry Jake, but Keira simply turned around and became Lewis's wife... 
Suddenly, Isla said, "Keira, Erin was just being a busybody and said a few words. Why go so far? If this gets out, it'll only make the hostess of the Horton family seem petty for bickering over such trifles!" 
"Is that so?" 
Keira's gaze grew sharp as she challenged Isla. "So you think anyone can insult the hostess of the Horton family without paying any price? In your eyes, is the dignity of the Horton family so unimportant?" 
Isla wanted to retort, but Lewis said indifferently, "Is this how you speak to your elders? If you're resentful and dare to backtalk, you should face family discipline!" 
Isla was speechless. 
She and Jake looked at Keira sharply, only now realizing that she was no longer that illegitimate daughter. She now had someone backing her up! 
It wasn't long before Erin was gagged and dragged out. 
The entire banquet hall fell silent. 
After a moment, Nathan suddenly said, "Why has old Mrs. Horton taken so long in the restroom? Someone should go find her quickly; today is her birthday banquet..." 
As soon as these words came out, someone was about to fetch her, but Lewis suddenly spoke again. "There's no rush. Let's deal with the matters at hand first before letting Grandma come out, to avoid any agitation from this commotion." 
Nathan frowned. "What else is there to take care of? Hasn't everything been clarified? Since it was a misunderstanding, clearing it up is enough." 
No sooner had he finished than the butler appeared at the door with two policemen, "We received a report of illegal activity here!" 
Nathan frowned immediately. "No one here called the police..." 
"I did," came the calm reply. 
Lewis continued. "My wife and I had our private photos suddenly made public. Someone violated our right to privacy!" 
At this revelation, Isla and Jake's expressions changed dramatically! 
They glanced at each other, nervously clutching the fabric of their clothes. 
When they planned the scandal, they were only thinking of dragging Lewis's reputation through the mud without considering that he would take it to the lengths of involving the police! 
Oliver immediately took a step forward. "It's a misunderstanding, all a misunderstanding. It must have been a servant who accidentally triggered it. Lewis, such things are without evidence. There's no need for the police to have come all this way for nothing, right?"
Isla instantly breathed a sigh of relief. 
Indeed... they had avoided the cameras when orchestrating the affair. As long as they denied everything, they would be fine! 
But the next moment, they heard Lewis say coolly, "Who says I don't have evidence?"
###Chapter 157 Isla Is Arrested
Chapter 157 Isla Is Arrested
Isla looked at him in disbelief. 
But then she realized something. 
The marriage certificate was displayed on the screen, which meant Lewis had known about their misdeeds all along! 
Just as this thought crossed her mind, Tom suddenly took out a remote control and pressed a button, and immediately, a video appeared on the screen. 
The crowd could see it clearly. It was footage from two surveillance cameras. 
The first showed Isla sneaking into the video room and copying photos from a USB drive onto the computer. 
The second was of two maids at home, one projecting the photos in the background and the other secretly pressing the remote control... 
The evidence was irrefutable! 
Isla became flustered as she turned to look at Jake. He was aware of the whole affair, even having taken part in it with her, but now Jake stepped back, avoiding eye contact with her. 
In a panic, Isla cried out subconsciously, "Jake..." 
Jake instinctively glanced at Oliver. 
His father was frowning and staring fiercely at him with disappointment in his eyes as if to say, "You can't even handle this trivial matter. You're useless!" 
Jake clenched his fists tightly and suddenly rushed in front of Isla. 
Isla thought he was going to protect her, her face lighting up with hope, but the next moment... 
"Slap!" 
Jake slapped her hard across the face. "Isla, I never thought you would be this kind of person! I know you and Keira don't get along. She's your illegitimate sister, and you've hated her since childhood, but how could you do such a thing at Great-grandma's birthday banquet?!" 
Isla was dumbfounded. 
She held her cheek, looking incredulously at Jake at this moment. 
Poppy, who had been restrained, had calmed down after realizing she couldn't free herself. Her hands were tied behind her, and a cloth was stuffed in her mouth. 
When she saw what happened, she immediately stood up. She let out an angry cry and started thrashing around, knocking aside the bodyguards and then slamming head-first into Jake's stomach. 
Jake was knocked back several steps with a dull pain in his abdomen. 
Poppy, like a mother hen protecting her chicks, stared angrily at Jake. Although she didn't speak, everyone could see that she was furious! 
It seemed if Jake dared to lay another hand on Isla, she was ready to fight him to the death! 
The sight left the other guests stunned. 
They whispered among themselves. 
"What's going on here?" 
"Isn't she Keira's mom? Why is she protecting Isla like this?" 
"Right, you'd think she was Isla's own mother!" 
"..." 
The whispers from the crowd brought Poppy back to her senses. She then looked at Isla, realizing she'd overreacted, and turned her gaze to Keira. 
Isla lowered the hand holding her cheek, but she understood that Jake was now unreliable. 
She clenched her fists tightly and looked at Poppy, who stood protectively in front of her, with a flash of disdain in her eyes. 
This foolish woman always caused unnecessary trouble at times like this. She had knocked Jake aside. Was he really the root of the issue? 
She composed herself, and immediately, her face took on a tearful expression. She lowered her head. "It wasn't on purpose. Keira told me she just got her marriage certificate this year, so I had no idea her husband was my uncle! I just thought their relationship wasn't right..." 
She covered her cheek. "I didn't mean anything by it, I just felt it was unfair to my aunt... My mom is soft and kind, and it was because of this that she was replaced by a mistress who brought an illegitimate daughter into our home... I just wanted one less person in this world like my mom, so I used the power of the public to restrain them..." 
Her sobbing made the audience frown. 
One by one, they turned to look at Keira. 
Indeed, Keira was the illegitimate daughter and the child of the mistress Poppy. 
Wasn't it natural for Isla to resent her? 
But this was the Horton family party, and even if everyone sympathized with Isla, they didn't dare to say anything... 
After all, the recent example of Mr. Horton chasing Erin out and making her unable to live in Oceanion anymore was still fresh in everyone's mind. 
As everyone was in a daze, Lewis had already turned to the police, completely ignoring what Isla said. He said, "She has infringed upon the image rights of my wife and me. Please handle it according to the law." 
The two police officers immediately approached Isla. "Miss, please come with us to the police station for investigation!" 
Poppy, anxious, wanted to rush over, but was grabbed by a bodyguard. 
Isla hadn't expected that her weeping plea would be ineffective and immediately looked toward her only savior—Mrs. Olsen. 
Suddenly, she rushed to Mrs. Olsen, grabbed her arm, and cried out, "Mom, help me! I only did it because I felt you were being treated too unfairly. I really didn't know she was married... and also, also... yes, I'm pregnant! I can't go to the police station! I can't be taken away!" 
Mrs. Olsen looked at her daughter. 
She wanted to say something, but with the marriage certificate still in hand, and remembering that she had mistakenly slapped Keira earlier that day, she found herself unable to ask Isla to let go... 
Keira saw the dilemma she was in and felt a sharp twinge in her heart. 
Mrs. Olsen was always known for her fairness and impartiality, but Isla was after all her biological daughter... 
She tensed her jaw, and after a long pause she suddenly tried to say something, "I..." 
Before she could finish, Lewis beat her to it. "Keira, even if you don't pursue the matter, I will! The Horton Group needs an explanation!" 
This didn't give Mrs. Olsen or Keira a chance to speak. 
After he said this, Lewis nodded to the police. 
The two police officers immediately grabbed Isla's arms. "Miss, please cooperate with our investigation!" 
Infringing upon image rights, particularly of this nature which hadn't caused any notable reputation or financial damage, wouldn't result in a severe punishment after trial. At most, it would involve an apology and several days of detention. 
But as Jake's wife and a young lady from a prestigious family in Oceanion, being taken away in such a public venue with photographers nearby... 
Isla would be humiliated! 
This was a severe blow to the first branch of the family! 
Mrs. Olsen understood this too and, knowing that the punishment wouldn't be too harsh considering Isla was pregnant—perhaps not even detention—decided not to say anything. 
Isla had made too many mistakes. It was time for her to face some consequences. 
After Isla was taken away, only the first branch was left disheveled and disgraced. 
Yet the banquet hall gradually returned to normal. 
Mrs. Olsen looked at Keira, hesitated, and then finally managed to say, "I, Keira, I'm sorry..." 
She had finally spoken those words. 
Just as Keira was about to offer her some words of comfort, Taylor burst out in anger. "Shirley, you don't need to apologize to her! I think she's doing this on purpose, trying to make you feel guilty! Otherwise, why didn't she tell us about her marriage earlier if it happened two years ago?" 
With his arm around Mrs. Olsen, Taylor glared at Keira. "What are your intentions in keeping this from us? Do you need Shirley to apologize before you're satisfied? And just now, don't think I don't know that you and Mr. Horton were putting on an act! I believe you deliberately set this trap for Isla, didn't you? In your heart, do you even consider me your father?" 
Keira immediately frowned and looked at Taylor calmly. 
She only cared about the attitude of Mrs. Olsen; the words of the rest of the Olsen family didn't matter to her. 
She just quietly looked at Taylor and said, "But you're not my father."
###Chapter 158 Truth
Chapter 158 Truth
At these words, Taylor was stunned. 
Mrs. Olsen was also taken aback. 
She had already sent Aunt South to administer a DNA test for Keira and Taylor, and the results should be available by tomorrow. 
However, when Keira suddenly said this, she didn't harbor any more doubts. "Why do you say that?" 
Just as Keira was about to respond, Taylor already frowned and sneered coldly. "You refuse to acknowledge me as your father, and I have never acknowledged you as my daughter either! From now on, stay away from the Olsen family and never set foot in the Olsen residence again!" 
Having said this, he held Mrs. Olsen by the arm. "Shirley, let's go!" 
Mrs. Olsen still wanted to clarify matters, but upon seeing Taylor and thinking that the results would come out soon, she refrained from speaking and simply returned the marriage certificate to Keira. "Keira, I hope you find happiness." 
Keira's gaze softened. "I will, Ma'am." 
She personally escorted Mrs. Olsen and Taylor to the door, watching as Taylor helped Mrs. Olsen into the car, and prepared to re-enter the house. 
As she turned around, she caught sight of a tall man at a distance, raising his glass to her. 
It was Scott. 
He then pointed to his cell phone. 
Puzzled, Keira took out her phone, and upon opening it, she saw a message from Scott. "So it turns out you really are Lewis Horton's wife, but I still want your parasite. Is that okay?" 
Keira's gaze instantly sharpened, and she glared at him before turning away. 
Scott was dumbfounded 
He helplessly looked at his assistant beside him and sighed. "I know Miss Olsen is married, but can't I keep an umbrella as a memento? Why did she glare at me?" 
The assistant pondered for a moment. "Women in Crera are generally conservative. She's probably worried about Mr. Lewis getting the wrong idea." 
Scott quietly sighed, "I see..." 
Keira didn't dwell on this interlude. When she re-entered the banquet, old Mrs. Horton's birthday celebration had finally begun. 
The old Mrs. Horton, who had gone to the washroom, finally made her way to the living room, receiving everyone's greetings. 
After seeing her, Keira realized that Lewis must have sent someone to take the old lady away since she wasn't present earlier. Otherwise, she'd have been in the front hall, witnessing the first branch of the family's scheming, which would've upset the old lady. 
At this moment, she was completely unaware of all this, her laughter bright and joyful. 
Rebecca came over and linked arms with Keira, "Miss Keira, I knew you couldn't be the other woman! But I didn't expect that you would be Mrs. Horton!" 
Keira smiled back at her. 
In today's situation, only one person believed in her from the beginning to the end, and that was Rebecca. 
Keira patted Rebecca's hand with gratitude. "Are you that happy?" 
Rebecca nodded. "Yes, my brother just sent me a message. He's coming the day after tomorrow. It seems like the photo of my father will be restored by then." 
Keira nodded, about to say more, but she suddenly caught a glimpse of Lewis and a gaunt woman stepping out onto the adjacent balcony. 
The gaunt woman was wearing a gown of the same color as hers; it was Madeleine! 
Keira's eyes darkened. 
After a moment's thought, she still decided to approach them. 
On the balcony. 
Madeleine appeared on the verge of collapse. She was trembling as if she might fall at any moment. She stared at Lewis in disbelief. "Lewis, what is all this about? You promised you would marry me! How could you marry someone else?!" 
Lewis tensed his jaw, about to speak dispassionately when suddenly Madeleine swayed and slumped to the side, fainting. 
Lewis's expression shifted, and he quickly caught her, striding toward the exit. "To the hospital." 
Following close behind him, Tom immediately said, "Yes!" 
Keira emerged from the corner, her gaze fixed on them. 
Suddenly, Madeleine, held in Lewis's arms, opened her eyes and glanced at her. 
That look was full of provocation. 
Keira understood her message. "What does it matter if Lewis marries you? Whenever I fall ill, he will be by my side!" 
Keira frowned slightly. 
She followed behind the two and saw Lewis put Madeleine in the car, yet he didn't get in himself and merely said to Tom, "Take her back to the hospital." 
Keira noticed Madeleine stiffen. 
"..." 
Her mood suddenly improved. 
When the car left, Fiona came over. Keira approached Lewis and asked, "Mr. Horton, do you have something you need to explain to me? Did you promise to marry her?" 
Lewis pursed his lips. "I said it when I was a kid." 
A kid… 
Keira was slightly startled, suddenly remembering her own childhood. That big brother had promised to come and marry her... 
It was that promise that helped her survive, and it had been her naive obsession to live on. 
During every moment of abuse by Poppy, when she felt life was unbearable, the thought that there was a big brother in the world who had promised to marry her and take her away allowed her to escape such a life... 
Although as she grew up, the big brother never appeared, and she understood that the words of a child didn't count, the promise of "coming back to take me away" indeed accompanied her through childhood. 
She suddenly asked, "Should one be responsible for what was said in childhood?" 
Lewis looked down. "I had intended to be responsible, but now it's not possible." 
Keira was taken aback, "Why?" 
Lewis glanced at her. 
His parents' discord made him never believe in love, therefore he never intended to marry in this lifetime. At that time, he thought he could register with some random woman and make her Mrs. Horton in title. 
But after he met Keira, everything seemed different... 
Even though how they registered was still unclear, Lewis suddenly felt grateful he didn't take marriage lightly. 
He didn't answer the question. Instead, he took Keira's hand. "Let's go find Grandma." 
"Okay." 
The two turned around and re-entered the banquet hall. 
The banquet soon ended. 
Rebecca sat in the car on the way home, still feeling anxious for Keira. She prattled on as she clung to Mrs. Allen's arm. "That Miss Davis, you can tell she's not a good person. Mr. Horton won't carry on with both of them at the same time, would he? If he mistreats Miss Keira, I must have my brother teach him a lesson!" 
After saying that, she heard no response from Mrs. Allen, only to realize that Mrs. Allen was staring out of the window. 
Outside the gate of the Horton residence, a figure was standing there. 
With her hands on her hips, Poppy was cursing furiously. "Keira, you were brought up by the Olsens, and now you've caused Isla to end up in jail, you ungrateful wretch! You're heartless! Come out here! I'm your mother! You can't do this to me!" 
She tried to enter, but the security guards firmly stopped her, adamantly not allowing her in. 
The surrounding guests didn't seem to care about this and, simply left. 
Mrs. Allen suddenly said, "Stop the car." 
The driver immediately stopped the car on the side of the road. 
The entry and exit road of the Horton residence was very wide, accommodating four lanes. 
They parked the car on the side without affecting the departure of the luxury cars behind them. 
Mr. Allen looked at Mrs. Allen, puzzled. 
He saw Mrs. Allen exit the car, and he quickly calmed Rebecca down before following Mrs. Allen. 
He asked, "What's wrong?" 
Mrs. Allen frowned and said, " I suddenly feel like your intuition was right. What kind of mother treats her own child like this? Don't say anything yet; I'm going to confront her." 
Mr. Allen was startled, then he saw Mrs. Allen sneak up behind Poppy and suddenly asked, "Actually, Isla is your daughter, isn't she?" 
At these words, Poppy instantly stiffened, and she turned around in disbelief!
###Chapter 159 Divorce?
Chapter 159 Divorce?
Mrs. Allen carefully watched Poppy's expression. 
Poppy quickly presented herself as a fierce figure. "Who are you to spout such nonsense? Miss Isla is the daughter of the Olsen family. How could she possibly be my daughter?!" 
Yet, Mrs. Allen sensitively caught a flash of panic in her eyes. 
She stepped forward and said, "You're so protective of Isla but so hateful toward Keira. What kind of mother would act like this toward her biological daughter?" 
A fierce look flashed through Poppy's eyes, and then she lifted her head with a cold laugh. "What's wrong with hating her? It was so difficult to get pregnant, and when I did, it turned out not to be a boy, which ruined my chance of gaining status through my child! A losing proposition, I was generous not to drown her right then and there. I was kind enough to raise her! As for Miss Isla, Taylor loves her so much, and only by currying favor with Miss Isla can I have a good life in the Olsen family! What do you know, meddling in our affairs!" 
That attitude was the epitome of a woman who favored sons over daughters and was selfish to the core. 
Mrs. Allen narrowed her eyes. "Is that so?" 
"What else?" Poppy sneered. "If I could have given birth to a child like Miss Isla, who Taylor fondly adores, what a blessing that would be!" 
After saying that, she disdainfully glanced at Mrs. Allen. "Why am I even telling you this? Keira Olsen, you catastrophe! Come out here! I am your birth mother!..." 
She continued cursing toward the doorway. 
Mrs. Allen turned around and walked toward the car with Mr. Allen. 
Mr. Allen frowned. "It sounds like what she said makes sense." 
"Indeed, it does." 
Mr. Allen sighed. "Am I overthinking?" 
"On the contrary, I think your speculation is even more accurate," said Mrs. Allen. 
Mr. Allen was startled. "Why?" 
Mrs. Allen looked at Poppy. "She acts really convincingly, but have you ever seen a shrew speak so logically? And patiently explaining so much to us? When a woman explains too much, there's only one thing it may indicate." 
"What is it?" 
"She's covering something up." 
Mrs. Allen smiled. "I used to think it was all your wild imagination, but now I feel that your conjecture is mostly true!" 
... 
When Keira returned to the living room after seeing off guests with Lewis at the door, she found the atmosphere inside the banquet hall a bit odd. 
Old Mrs. Horton was currently in confrontation with Nathan. 
The old lady's eyes widened. "I don't care, I recognize only this granddaughter-in-law, no one else!" 
Upon seeing them walk over, she turned to Lewis. "Brat, you've arrived just in time! Your dad is going to be the death of me!" 
Keira looked at Lewis and, as expected, saw his brow furrow as he gave Nathan a cold look. 
Then, she noticed Nathan's disdainful glance at her, followed by a command. "Lewis, I want you to divorce her immediately!" 
Lewis frowned. "Why?" 
"Why?" Nathan laughed coldly. "Do you even know who this woman beside you is? She's not even as good as Isla but just an illegitimate daughter of the Olsen family! How can someone like that become the hostess of the Horton family?!" 
Oliver also chimed in. "Lewis, Dad isn't trying to make things difficult for you. Didn't you hear how everyone was discussing your wife just now?" 
Keira lowered her gaze and clenched her jaw. 
But the man beside her took her hand and said in a deep voice, "I didn't hear it." 
"..." 
Oliver choked for a moment, then spoke up, "That's because you have long been in a high position, and those people don't dare to be presumptuous in front of you, but what they say behind your back is really nasty! Jake, come and repeat to your uncle what you've heard." 
Jake immediately stepped forward, his eyes fixed on Keira as he relayed the unpleasant words 
"They say, 'The Olsen Family's illegitimate daughter is truly capable. Who knows by what means she's managed to marry into the Horton Family!' 
"And that you've been so charmed by her, marrying her is even worse than marrying some commoner with a clean background. It's so embarrassing! 
"Furthermore, 'If the Horton family's future matriarch is an illegitimate daughter, how would they even host events in the future? Do they expect to elevate an illegitimate daughter above everyone else?' 
"And there are even more disgusting things being said, things I simply can't bring myself to repeat. In short, everyone is laughing at you, Uncle!" 
Jake's expression was icy as his gaze swept over Keira, a flash of madness sparked by unrequited desire and destruction flickering in his eyes, along with an indescribable wicked flame. 
He looked at Keira and slowly said, "Uncle, Keira is indeed a natural beauty. I even courted her for four years in college, but all that time, she hid from me the fact that she was an illegitimate daughter! After finding out, I immediately chose to let go, because I'm well aware that families like ours cannot possibly take an illegitimate daughter as a wife! How embarrassing would that be if it got out? It's just like now, with you, Uncle, being pointed at and talked about...." 
Before he could finish, Lewis suddenly interjected, "When they were pointing and gossiping, what were you doing?" 
Jake was dumbfounded. "What?" 
Lewis, with a frosty gaze, stared at him. "The Horton family's matriarch is insulted, and you have no reaction? Is this how you uphold the dignity of the Horton family?" 
Jake immediately swallowed. 
Oliver took a step forward. "Lewis, you can't say that. Today is the Horton family's birthday feast, after all. Do you really want to cause trouble at old Mrs. Horton's party?" 
"Is discussing the Horton family's matriarch behind her back their idea of manners?" 
Lewis looked straight at Jake. "If you're too cowardly to defend the Horton family's honor, then give me a list of those who've been gossiping, and I'll go find them one by one." 
Jake was stunned; how could he possibly produce such a list?! 
Doing so would offend the rich second-generation cliques of Oceanion! 
Seeing him too frightened to speak, Keira glanced at him. 
It was this disdainful glance that triggered a sudden collapse in Jake's mentality, and he blurted out, "Uncle, is she really worth it? You may not know, but although you've been married for two years, these past two years, Keira has been leading me on at college, even almost agreeing to my confession of love! She's such a flirtatious woman and is toying with people all the time! If it weren't for the fact that she's an illegitimate daughter, I would have almost ended up with her!" 
"Bang!" 
Lewis kicked him away without hesitation. 
Jake went soaring through the air from the kick, then crashed heavily to the ground, in so much pain that he couldn't even pick himself up. 
Oliver's eyes darkened. "Lewis, what are you doing? We're just talking. How can you get violent?!" 
"Oliver, he disrespected his elder. If you didn't teach him well, then it's up to me!" Lewis's gaze was icy as he stared unyielding at Jake. "If I ever hear you disrespecting your aunt again, don't blame me for enforcing family discipline!" 
Jake shuddered under the reprimand. 
Oliver, shaking with anger, pointed at him, his finger trembling. "Lewis, you, you've gone too far! Dad..." 
"Snap!" 
Nathan was enraged and commanded, "Lewis Horton, you only have two choices today! Either divorce this illegitimate daughter or resign as CEO of Horton Group!" 
Upon hearing this, Lewis let out a cold laugh. 
Just then, the butler entered carefully, "Sir, Mr. and Mrs. Allen from the Allen family have come back... They said they have something to discuss with you and Miss... I mean, Mrs. Horton."
###Chapter 160 Another Slap in the Face
Chapter 160 Another Slap in the Face
Lewis waved his hand dismissively, letting the butler exit first. “Please ask them to wait.”
“Yes.”
After the butler quietly left, Lewis finally turned to Nathan, asking coldly, “On what grounds?”
“On what grounds?” Nathan exuded a sense of authority. “With her status, she’ll only bring shame to the Horton Group! Do you know that if the reporters spread the word tomorrow that your wife is an illegitimate daughter, how much our shares will plummet?!”
Oliver also said, “Lewis, since you have taken the role of CEO of the Horton Group, you must take on the corresponding responsibilities, including your
marriage! How could a woman of such status be worthy of you?!”
Seeing this, Melissa turned her gaze directly to Keira, “Miss Olsen, if you really care about Lewis, you should conscientiously divorce him!”
Keira pressed her lips together, offering no response.
She wasn’t foolish and certainly understood that these
people were just seizing the opportunity to make trouble. Even if today Lewis announced that Madeleine was his wife, they would probably criticize Madeleine for her humble origins, deeming her unworthy of
Lewis.
Yet, her own status was indeed the “issue.”
She turned her head to look at Lewis, trying to pull her hand out of his…
With a twinge of guilt indeed forming in her heart…
The “illegitimate daughter” label had imprisoned her for over twenty years, and she didn’t want the same
shackles to bind Lewis…
Lost in thought, the strong, dry hand suddenly gripped hers tightly. Lewis’s voice then resolutely rang out. “Are there any legal stipulations that a corporation’s legal person, or a chairman, cannot marry an illegitimate daughter as a wife?”
His words made everyone speechless.
Nathan retorted angrily, “Do we need rules for that?
It’s an unspoken consensus! You…”
“Since there are no stipulations…” Lewis cut him off directly. “If you wish to remove me from the
chairman’s position, then go through the proper
procedure, call a board meeting, and let everyone vote!”
“Your control of fifty-one percent of the shares makes the vote decision basically whatever you say! I think you’re just running a dictatorial regime in the company!”
An infuriated Nathan picked up a teacup and hurled it
at Lewis.
“Crash!”
The teacup smashed to pieces in front of Lewis, shards scattering everywhere.
Just as Nathan was about to speak, a walking stick suddenly struck out!
“Who allowed you to use violence?!”
Old Mrs. Horton, wielding her walking stick, struck at Nathan. “How dare you lay a hand on Lewis and his wife? You’re a disobedient son! Are you trying to kill
me?”
With a frown, Nathan looked at old Mrs. Horton,
showing a helpless expression, “Mom, I…”
“Don’t call me mom! If you don’t recognize your grandson’s wife, then I don’t recognize you as a son!”
Old Mrs. Horton lost her temper. “You even dare to hit your grandson’s wife. What kind of grandfather- in-law are you? Which family’s grandfather-in-law dares to strike their granddaughter-in-law?”
Dodging her blows, Nathan argued, “Mom, don’t talk nonsense; everything I said is for the best interest of the company. His choice of a wife is good for nothing, and bringing it up only brings disgrace upon the Horton Group! Now he’s already caused such a negative impact on the company, yet he still clings to the chairman’s seat. He’s just being selfish! Even if I let it go today, there are still so many executives in the Horton Group! With so many reporters at today’s banquet, the articles will soon come out, and the Horton family will become the biggest joke in
Oceanion. Let’s see how he’ll explain himself to those executives tomorrow!!”
At those words, Oliver had already pulled out his phone, opened the financial news channel’s feed, and heaved a silent sigh. “Dad, we don’t need tomorrow. The buzz has already started.”
Old Mrs. Horton paused her actions, while Nathan immediately turned to look at his phone.
However, he saw headlines like #CEO of Horton Group’s wife is an illegitimate daughter# and #Mistress causes a scene at Old Mrs. Horton’s birthday banquet# that were eye-catching and had topped the trending searches.
Among them, the clickbait topic #Shocking: Lewis’s wife is actually her# was ranked first!
With a sneer, Nathan said, “Lewis, look at this, this is your doing! Tonight’s trending should’ve been about your grandmother’s birthday celebration, but it turned into this! God knows how they’re mocking
you inside! What’s so good about this illegitimate daughter? You must give the Horton Group an explanation today!”
Oliver also sighed. “Lewis, this matter concerns the entire company’s future operations. You can’t act on a whim, nor can you neglect the company. Even if you
don’t give us an explanation today, you’ll have to give one to those directors in the company tomorrow,
you…”
Before he could finish, Keira suddenly said, “Did you see the title of the top trending search?”
This remark made everyone pause slightly.
Nathan immediately frowned, “Such lack of manners. We are in the middle of a conversation, and there you go interrupting. What business is it of a woman’s?”
As soon as he finished speaking, the cane struck again. “I am also a woman. Are you going to tell me to shut up, too?!”
Nathan was speechless.
There was simply no reasoning with old Mrs. Horto
Oliver then said. “Of course, I saw it. The heat of the
top trending search title is so much higher than the others. Without even opening it, I know what it’s saying, what it’s criticizing…”
These trending searches had risen so quickly, naturally, because he had just paid someone to boost them!
The first trending search title gained heat the fastest, so he spent five hundred thousand on promoting its popularity!
Using the identity of Keira, the illegitimate daughter, to suppress Lewis…
But Keira smiled. “Then take a look inside…”
Oliver said with a sneer, “To see how others are
criticizing Horton Group?”
While saying that, he clicked on the title.
The next moment, he was stunned.
The content in the trending search title actually read, “Explosive! You’ll never guess who Lewis’s wife is-it turns out to be Dr. South! Yes, Dr. South, the person is at the forefront of cutting-edge technology in the new energy industry! Horton Group’s move is simply awesome, a powerful alliance! Once Horton Group’s stocks start trading tomorrow, they’re probably going to see a surge!”
Below was a row of praises.
Oliver was dumbfounded. What was happening?!
Keira’s lins curved un in a smile.
No matter what the channel’s hot search news was, she, as “Ms. S,” knew it better than anyone else. Just a while ago, she had found out about someone paying for trending searches.
Therefore, she immediately contacted “Josh Josh, asking him to post that tweet.
She had intended to retweet it herself from her
account to combat the scandal of being the illegitimate daughter using Dr. South’s reputation…
But who would have thought, after Josh Josh made his post, Oliver mistook it as derogatory and paid five hundred thousand for its popularity, shooting it up to the top spot in the trending searches!
Keira teased him. “Oliver, thanks for the heat you provided.”
Oliver was dumbfounded.
He was so angry he nearly had a heart attack.
Lewis and Keira exchanged glances, a smile forming on their lips.
Lewis said lightly, “Dad, Oliver, whether Horton
Group’s stocks will rise or fall tomorrow, let’s just wait
and see!”
He took Keira’s hand. “Mr. and Mrs. Allen are still
outside waiting for us. We bid you farewell.”
The two of them joined hands and turned around, leaving the living room together.
Once outside, they shared a smile before turning to
look at Mr. and Mrs. Allen, who had come back.
###Chapter 161 Restored Photo
Chapter 161 Restored Photo
The night had deepened.
The moon was large tonight, hanging low in the sky.
After Keira stepped outside, a chill hit her, but she only felt exhilarated. The malice from being called an illegitimate daughter gradually dissipated without her noticing.
She looked ahead at Mr. and Mrs. Allen and
approached them. “What’s the matter? Is there an issue with Rebecca?”
“No,” Mrs. Allen said, “As we were leaving, we saw… that Poppy Hill woman creating a scene at the gate of the Horton family. We thought it would be better to intervene.”
Keira was startled, then promptly replied, “Right, okay.”
The Allens had returned after leaving, and she thought they had some important matter to discuss, but it turned out to be just that.
As she was pondering this, Mrs. Allen spoke again. “We just called Frankie, asking him to bring the repaired
photo over quickly. Do you have time tomorrow
evening? We would like to invite you for dinner and show you the photo.”
Keira was taken aback.
It was the second time tonight that Mrs. Allen had brought up that photo, asking her to see it…
Although she didn’t understand the reason, she knew Mrs. Allen meant her no harm, and she nodded right away. “I’m available.”
“Good, then Miss Keira, see you tomorrow evening.”
Mrs. Allen patted her hand and then turned to drag Mr. Allen out with her.
Mr. Allen asked quietly, “Why don’t you tell her your suspicion?”
“Without proof, what’s there to say? If the guess is wrong, wouldn’t that just upset Keira needlessly? Frankie will arrive tomorrow, and we can talk about it when we have the photo in hand in the evening. It’s better than anything. There’s no harm in waiting another day.”
Mr. Allen laughed. “Okay, whatever you say.”
Their low murmurs drifted faintly, making it hard for Keira to catch what they were saying. She didn’t know what they were talking about, but seeing them huddle together and whisper with laughter somehow gave off a sense of serene happiness.
Keira thought of how Taylor always carefully held Mrs. Olsen in his arms, going to great lengths to please her, all of which seemed too deliberate and servile.
Their relationship wasn’t harmonious like that of Mr. and Mrs. Allen.
In fact, from a young age, everyone could see that Taylor cherished Mrs. Olsen, treating her like a delicate treasure, yet Mrs. Olsen was rather aloof and didn’t seem to care as much about him.
Everyone said it was because of Keira and Poppy’s
existence that made Taylor feel guilty in front of Mrs. Olsen…
Keira shook her head, feeling that she might be overthinking.
The Olsen family’s interactions were indeed quite strange.
Mr Olson was proud yet she was able to tolerate the
presence of Taylor’s illegitimate daughter and mistress. Taylor disliked Keira, feeling that her presence affected his relationship with Mrs. Olsen.
But Mrs. Olsen could be very gentle with Keira…
Keira was somewhat confused about the dynamics of their marriage.
“What are you thinking about?” Lewis’s deep voice came from beside her.
Keira then said, “What do you think we’ll be like when
we’re old?”
At that moment, Mr. and Mrs. Allen had already walked to their car. Mr. Allen opened the door and raised his hand to shield the top of Mrs. Allen’s head as she got in, seemingly worried she would bump her head.
Mrs. Allen turned back and gave him a slight smile.
Lewis saw their interaction, a trace of envy flickering in his eyes, “We’ll probably be like Mr. and Mrs. Allen then.”
Keira was about to say that Lewis didn’t have the good temper of Mr. Allen, but before she could speak, she
heard him say, “A son and a daughter will be perfect. How many children would you like to have?”
Keira was perplexed.
That was a quick jump.
She coughed and quickly changed the subject. “Let’s go and take Grandma back first”
Lewis nodded.
The two returned to the banquet hall.
Nannies busied themselves around, cleaning up after the party, and the bustling cacophony suddenly quieted down, making the hall seem spacious.
Keira, however, preferred the silence that followed when the music had ended and the guests had dispersed.
She and Lewis approached old Mrs. Horton, and Keira held onto old Mrs. Horton’s arm, “Grandma, let’s go
home.”
“Okay.”
Old Mrs. Horton affectionately patted her hand, then glared fiercely at Nathan.
With a cold face, Nathan said, “Mom, don’t look at me like that. Your granddaughter-in-law comes from the wrong background and is an illegitimate daughter. Even if she escapes today, if she does anything in the future that shames the Horton family, I’ll show absolutely no mercy!”
After these words, he snorted and turned to go upstairs.
Old Mrs. Horton, furious, pointed at him from behind and cursed. “You disrespectful son! You’re so biased toward your eldest son, so I’ll be on my youngest grandson’s side! Hmph!”
Having said this in a petulant, childlike manner, she grabbed Keira’s hand. “Moreover, marrying my granddaughter-in-law is like a blessing from our ancestors. My granddaughter-in-law would never bring shame to the Horton family! Lewis, tell me. Isn’t that right?”
Lewis laughed as he glanced at Keira. “Yes.”
As the three of them left the living room and walked toward the back courtyard, they heard the sound of a car horn from up front, followed by Fiona saying, “Miss
Isla has been brought back.”
That was within their expectations.
Isla was pregnant, and the police couldn’t possibly detain her. They would only give her a verbal warning and a fine, then ask her to apologize to Keira and Lewis. With that, the matter would be over.
Keira didn’t care, but when she lay down at night and took out her phone, she found that Isla had sent her many insulting messages.
She must be pregnant and emotional and added to the huge embarrassment of the night, she was somewhat on the edge.
In the messages, she cursed Keira.
“Keira, you illegitimate daughter, you were born a bitch! What makes you think you can marry my uncle?! You did it on purpose, didn’t you, trying to be better
than me?!
“Let me tell you, it’s impossible! You’ll never surpass me in this life! You are an illegitimate daughter, and you can never become the hostess of the Horton family! The household management rights of the
Horton family are still in my hands!
“Do you really think that by marrying my uncle, you can become someone else? No matter how capable you are, you can’t change your origins, or the original sin in your blood!
“And, you haven’t gotten pregnant after two years of marriage! I see it as the punishment for your low bloodline! I’ll soon be able to give birth to the genuine heir of the Horton family! You’ll never compare to me!”
Keira didn’t know what to say.
Looking at the phone messages with the glaring words “illegitimate daughter,” she clenched her jaw and typed back. “Are you sure that the child in your belly has the
surname Horton?”
The response promptly ceased, and there was no reply for a long time.
Keira lowered her eyes, suddenly feeling that those two words had affected her mood…
The night passed without incident, and time moved swiftly to the next day.
When Keira woke up, she picked up her phone to find a message from Rebecca. “Miss Keira, my brother has
ronnirad the photo and he’s on his uru to nonnion
now. Come find us when you wake up! Dad and Mom
say they have a surprise for you to see!”
###Chapter 162 Photo?
Chapter 162 Photo?
Keira saw the message and replied, “Driving from Clance should take at least six hours, right? What time will your brother arrive?”
Rebecca’s message came back quickly, “Around noon! After my brother got the photo this morning, he sent it to our parents. They were so excited when they saw it and said they needed to talk to you in person.”
Keira was slightly startled.
With the advancement of mobile networks, much communication happened over the phone now, and personal contact had lessened.
What could they possibly need to discuss in person?
And it seemed the photo was related to Lady South…
Lady South was Mrs. Olsen’s mother…
This matter must be very important!
Keira responded to the message. “Okay.”
But just as she finished getting ready and stepped out, she heard a piece of news that surprised her.
“To the horse ranch?”
Keira was slightly taken aback.
Standing before her, Melissa said with a smirk, “Yes, there’s a business meeting taking place at the horse. ranch today. Lewis, as the head of the Horton family, is definitely going to attend, and as his wife, you should be there with him.”
After that, Melissa cheerfully took Isla’s hand. “Of course, Jake and Isla will also be there. Isla, you can ride horses, can’t you?”
Isla nodded with a smile. “Of course, I used to go horseback riding with Dad as a child, and I even raised a little pony… Keira has seen it too. I was scared to ride
back then, so it was Keira who led the horse around
the ranch for me.”
Keira’s expression darkened
Horse riding has always been a trend among the wealthy elites.
When Isla was seven years old, she finally got her own little pony. Wearing her riding outfit, she looked handsome and adorable as she circled her pony, every
nour and then avoitedly reaching out to tough it
And little Keira could only help by holding the leash.
Isla would ride and berate her at the same time. “Hurry up, run faster! You’re so slow. Did you not eat breakfast this morning?”
Keira really hadn’t eaten breakfast.
Since waking up, seven-year-old Keira had to serve Isla, carrying her schoolbag behind her, with Poppy never allotting her time for breakfast.
Her most hated activity was Isla’s horseback riding lesson every Saturday.
Isla felt like a little princess, while Keira herself was…
Just as these thoughts crossed her mind, Isla spoke again. “Keira, today we’ll go together. I’ll need your help getting on the horse. You have no idea how uncomfortable it’s been getting on a horse these past years without being at the Olsen family.”
Upon hearing this, Keira clenched her fists abruptly.
Melissa already asked, “Can Keira still help you mount the horse?”
Isla nodded. “Yeah, when I first learned to ride and couldn’t get on it was Keira who knelt down and
served as my mounting block…”
Keira turned sharply toward her, a sharp look flashing
in her eyes.
That was her humiliating past.
It wasn’t out of her own will that she knelt down. It was Poppy pushing down on her head, letting Isla trample on her pride time and time again, grinding the
defiance in her bones underfoot…
She tensed her jaw, about to speak, but Isla had already lowered her head. “When I think about it, I was young and naive back then, Keira, I hope you won’t
mind it…”
Keira scoffed.
Young?
Indeed, Isla was young then, but she had been a bad apple right from the start!
She was very aware of what Poppy’s sore spot was and understood precisely how to make Keira’s life more difficult.
Just like now, while Isla was apologizing, her eyes seemed poisoned with hatred for Keira, which was
why she would say such things.
Keira looked at her sharply. “You misspoke, didn’t you?”
Isla bowed her head immediately. “Keira, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have poked at your childhood pain. It wasn’t
intentional. It just reminded me of when we were
kids…”
Melissa immediately said, “Keira, Isla didn’t do it on purpose. Don’t be so aggressive! Besides, as a child, you were an illegitimate daughter, so wasn’t it natural for her to despise and bully you?”
These words made old Mrs. Horton smack the table hard. “From now on, in this family, I forbid anyone from uttering the words ‘illegitimate daughter’ again! My granddaughter-in-law isn’t an illegitimate daughter!”
Melissa pouted. “The state doesn’t care what I say. Does the Horton family no longer have freedom of speech? Or does it mean that Lewis’s wife is so
precious that we ordinary people can’t even utter the words ‘illegitimate daughter”?”
This left old Mrs. Horton at a loss for words.
But Keira suddenly laughed. “Sister-in-law, I didn’t mean to stop you from using those three words.”
Melissa scoffed. “Then when you said Isla misspoke, wasn’t it because she mentioned your childhood? Isn’t
that the same as not allowing her to say it?”
Isla immediately said, “Keira, I’ve apologized. and it
wasn’t intentional. You…”
“Slap!”
Suddenly, Keira raised her hand and landed a forceful slap on Isla’s face, leaving the latter immediately covering her face in shock.
Melissa was the first to react, her voice rising sharply. “Keira, what are you doing? The Horton residence isn’t a place where you can act recklessly!”
Isla, too, teared up. “Keira, was it necessary to hit me just because I said something wrong? You…”
Keira scoffed. “You said something wrong? Every sentence you’ve spoken is wrong. Isla, the Horton family values manners above all. Calling me by my name so directly, is this how you show respect to your elders?!”
Isla was suddenly speechless at her words.
Keira then turned to Melissa. “Sister-in-law, it’s fine for you to defend your daughter-in-law, but even I, the ‘illegitimate daughter, know not to call elders by their names. As a lady of your standing, you should be clearer about that, right? So, as the elder, I was right to discipline the youngster to give her a lesson, to prevent her from making mistakes in front of outsiders. You shouldn’t take issue with that, should
you?”
Melissa was left speechless as well.
Keira sneered again and looked at Isla. “What were you trying to say? Say it again, correctly!”
Isla was so furious that her chest heaved, but Keira ha the upper hand. Although reluctant, Isla could only say spitefully through gritted teeth, “…Auntie Keira, at the riding club today, please help me onto the horse again!”
After she finished, a deep voice came from upstairs. “Since you know she’s your auntie, you should
understand even more that there is no reason for a senior member of the family to help a junior onto a
horse!”
Lewis looked somberly at Isla, a hint of menace
flashing in his eyes.
Isla stepped back in fright.
Only then did Lewis turn to Keira. “You don’t have to go to the event if you don’t want to.”
Melissa immediately said, “That wouldn’t be good, would it? You only revealed her identity last night, and if she’s absent from such an important event today, those who don’t know any better might think Mrs. Horton isn’t presentable, which could embarrass you!”
Lewis said sternly, “Apparently, my brother’s
reputation depends on my sister-in-law. That’s your business. At least, my reputation doesn’t depend on my
wife!”
He looked again at Keira. “Do you want to go?”
Keira was about to speak when her phone vibrated.
Opening it, she discovered a message from Rebecca. “How infuriating! After my brother arrived in
Oceanion, he didn’t come home. Instead, he said that a bunch of young masters from Clance had come, and
he went to the riding club! He also said he arranged to meet you in the evening, and it would be the same if he returned later tonight, which is too much!”
Keira narrowed her eyes.
She hadn’t expected Frankie Allen to attend this gathering at the riding club.
She thought of the photo the Allens had mentioned several times, and taking into account Rebecca’s message that insisted she must see that photo…
Keira suddenly curled her lips into a smile. “Then let’s
go.”
###Chapter 163 Similar to the Photo
Chapter 163 Similar to the Photo
Isla’s eyes immediately flashed with a hint of gloom!
She lowered her gaze to hide the excitement within and exchanged a look with Melissa, both of their eyes glittering with shrewdness.
What was something that poor ordinary people couldn’t even come into contact with, but for the upper class, it was as commonplace as household meals?
Of course, it was the equestrian club!
Equestrian lessons were prohibitively expensive, and an average family simply couldn’t afford them. Moreover, a batch of foals was worth hundreds of
thousands. Even after purchasing, there were still costs of keeping them in a ranch, with the minimum annual expense being in the region of two hundred thousand or more.
Ordinary middle-class families simply couldn’t afford
Therefore, only those who were wealthy and powerful
could afford horseback riding lessons!
Today, they had to make Keira lose face at the equestrian club, giving Nathan an excuse to pull Lewis down from the position of family head!
For today’s gathering, which consisted of a group of young people, Melissa and Oliver wouldn’t attend. She patted Isla’s hand and gave her a warning look.
Isla clenched her fists, thinking of Melissa’s disdainful and warning look when they left the house that morning, and felt waves of shame and anger!
What Melissa said was still ringing in her ears. “Marrying you was the worst thing that had happened to Jake! You were taken away by the police last night, making the first branch of the family lose all its face! If you don’t regain our honor today and give Lewis and his wife a piece of our mind, I’ll have Jake divorce you!”
Isla bit her lip and followed Jake toward the direction of the parking lot.
Jake was indifferent to her all the way, his gaze firmly fixed on Keira, who was walking ahead, his expression inscrutable.
After the groun arrived at the parking lot. Isla was
about to go to the car she shared with Jake when a bodyguard stopped her. “Mr. Horton has asked you to
see him.”
Isla was surprised and walked over to Keira and Lewis,
clueless.
Today, Keira was dressed in a white equestrian outfit, looking poised and graceful. The white attire
accentuated her tall, slender figure, making her look vibrant and commanding.
Lewis, on the other hand, hadn’t changed his clothes
and was still in a black suit. His cool demeanor and
firm contours added a certain charisma to him.
Isla clenched her fists, her face smiling. “Uncle, did you need something from me?”
Lewis’s narrow eyes fixed on her, the darkness of his gaze harboring feelings that were difficult for Isla to decipher, making her feel intensely uncomfortable.
Then, she heard Lewis speak. “Since you have been disrespectful to your seniors on several occasions, it’s time I taught you some manners. Now, open the car door for your aunt.”
Isla’s pupils constricted sharply at these words!
She looked incredulously at Lewis but saw no hint of jest on the man’s face.
Turning to look at Keira, she saw an expression of surprise as well.
Her last hope was to seek help from Jake, but he only
frowned and remained silent.
Isla clenched her fists.
A surge of intense humiliation welled up inside her.
How could this be….
Ever since they were young, Keira had always been her little slave. If she told Keira to go east, Keira wouldn’t dare go west… Keira had no dignity in front of her and had to keep her head lowered.
Isla was always high above, firmly pressing down on
her.
How dare that woman climb over her head now?!
Isla wanted nothing more than to tear Keira’s face apart, eat her flesh, and suck her blood!
But she dared not…
She could only forcefully suppress all her humiliation,
bow her head, walk to the side of the car, and barely squeeze out a few words through gritted teeth. “Aunt Keira, please get in.”
Keira, with her gaze lowered, went straight into the car
and sat down.
Isla finally closed the door for her.
The car slowly started, leaving the angry Isla behind. Only then did Keira turn to look at Lewis and say, “Thank you.”
She knew that when Isla spoke just now, Lewis must have heard her from upstairs, and that was why he had deliberately humiliated Isla a moment ago-to restore Keira’s dignity.
Her gaze dropped as she said slowly, “Actually, she just learned to ride a horse and had me lead the horse for her. Once she could gallop, she didn’t need me anymore.”
After all, she couldn’t run as fast as the horse…
She smiled, “I was quite envious of her riding at that time. Later…”
Before she could finish, Lewis took her hand, his tone
filled with indulgence. “If you think horse riding is fun, then I’ll teach you today.”
Keira blinked, swallowing the rest of her words, and just curled her lips into a slight smile, “Okay.”
Lewis looked at her. “What’s past is past. Whatever you envied her for before, I’ll give to you from now on.”
Keira nodded earnestly.
They soon arrived at the equestrian field.
The Horton family had their own private parking area, and once they parked the car, Lewis and Keira got out.
They walked toward the changing room.
One needed to change into proper riding attire for horseback riding. Keira had already changed at the Horton’s, so she didn’t need to switch clothes.
But Lewis needed to change.
So she simply loitered around the changing room area.
Isla and Jake had gotten out of the car and disappeared somewhere. Isla probably feared losing
face in front of so many people if Lewis, acting as an
elder, forced her to serve Keira again.
Which was just fine.
At least it intimidated her.
While Keira was lost in her thoughts, two people came by, chatting with each other.
“Have you heard? Some people from Clance will come today, and one of them isn’t someone to be messed
with!”
“We can’t mess with any of the young masters from Clance.”
“This one’s different… It’s said to be from that family!”
The other person immediately lowered his voice. “The Olsen family from Clance?”
“Shh… keep it down. Even the Horton family in Oceanion will have to tread carefully around that person, right? Who knows why they’re coming today, but we need to serve them with caution! Not just Lewis, we mustn’t provoke that person either.”
“I’m not stupid. I’d rather offend the Horton family than that person…”
As they spoke, they walked past Keira.
Keira watched them go, pensive. Among those coming from Clance they mentioned, Frankie must be one of
them, right?
Just as she thought about this, she saw Frankie emerge from the changing room.
Wearing gold-rimmed glasses and clad in black riding gear, he looked trim and tall. Upon seeing Keira, Frankie seemed slightly surprised and approached her.
“Miss Olsen, what a coincidence.”
The last time they had met, they’d had an awkward moment due to Frankie mistaking Isla for her, but after a few days, that awkwardness had dissipated.
Keira had a good relationship with Frankie’s parents, and she was straightforward with Frankie. “Mrs. Allen asked me to come to your place tonight to see a photo you brought. What photo is it? Does it have something to do with me?”
Frankie thought of the face in the photos that resembled Keira and smiled, “Yes, it does.”
###Chapter 164 Look Alike
Chapter 164 Look Alike
“It does”?”
Keira’s curiosity was piqued. “How so?”
Frankie thought of his parents’ concern and said, “This
isn’t a matter that can be explained in a few words. It seems to involve issues from the older generation. My father knows more about it, so it’s better for you to discuss it with him in person. I heard from Rebecca that you have an appointment to meet him tonight. After the event, shall we go see my parents together?”
“All right.”
Keira wasn’t in a hurry.
Frankie looked at her and asked, “I heard you are Mrs. Horton?”
Keira raised her eyebrows. “So?”
Frankie suddenly stepped forward, closing the distance between them, and whispered, “I’m not here alone this time. Several young masters from Clance came along for fun. Each of their families has the power to equal or even surpass the Horton family.
How about I introduce you to them later?”
Frankie’s eyes darkened slightly.
Last night, Rebecca dragged him into a long chat, saying that even though Lewis had publicly acknowledged Keira as his wife, there were still some unpleasant murmurs at the party.
They scoffed at Keira’s humble beginnings, saying an illegitimate daughter simply wasn’t a match for the Horton family.
They even said they didn’t want to socialize with such an illegitimate daughter in future lady’s gatherings…
Rebecca was quite worried about Keira, which was why she insisted on him coming to help her. 
The group of young masters from Clance brought by Frankie today were his own connections. After introducing them to Keira, she should-at the very least-receive better treatment in the Horton family…
Just as he thought about this, he heard Keira say indifferently, “That won’t be necessary.”
Frankie was slightly taken aback.
Keira then said, “Thanks for your kindness, but it
seem’s Mr. Horton doesn’t want to interact too much
with people from Clance.”
Frankie frowned with concerns in his eyes behind his gold-rimmed glasses. “That’s his personal bias, Miss Olsen. You should understand that in business, there are no regional distinctions, let alone the fact that the most powerful families and enterprises in Crera are in Clance. If Lewis continues to be obstinate, he’ll sooner
or later be pulled down by the shareholders of Horton Group! As his wife, if you can help him secure relations in Clance, the Horton family will surely recognize you.”
Keira knew Frankie meant well, but she still smiled and said, “There’s really no need for that, thank you.”
Seeing her composed and serene demeanor, free from any impatience, Frankie felt she didn’t understand the struggles of the elite. He started to explain carefully. “As far as I know, the first branch of your family has already started making contacts in Clance, intending to open up the market there and use it to criticize Lewis. Today, this group of rich heirs from Clance suddenly show up in Oceanion, and it seems to be the handiwork of the first branch… I heard it might be through the connections of Mrs. Olsen…”
Keira was momentarily taken aback. “What?”
Frankie sighed in resignation. “How can you be so indifferent to the affairs of the Horton family? How many times has Isla made mistakes? She has posed for unearned merits and even has a criminal record. Why does the first branch still tolerate her? Do you really think it’s just because she’s pregnant?”
He glanced around to make sure no one was approaching before continuing. “Mrs. Olsen herself made a visit, and the Horton family accepted Isla because Mrs. Olsen has very powerful connections. This horse racing event was an agreement reached between Mrs. Olsen and the Horton family! The condition for Jake to marry Isla was for Mrs. Olsen to introduce the first branch to her connections in
Clance.”
Keira paused for a moment.
Back when Mrs. Olsen personally visited the Horton residence despite being unwell, Keira was there too. She wasn’t aware of the specifics of the subsequent conversation between Mrs. Olsen and Melissa, but the next day, Isla and Jake were married, and Isla moved into the Horton residence.
So, it was Mrs. Olsen who had orchestrated this horse race gathering. Was it to introduce Jake to that group of young masters from Clance?
Her jaw tensed as she began to worry for Lewis.
At the same time, a bitter sadness that she couldn’t
quite understand or articulate began to rise in her
chest…
Although Mrs. Olsen didn’t overtly interfere in the conflict between the first branch and Lewis, this move
clearly showed she had taken the side of the first branch to help Isla.
After all…
Isla was her biological daughter, and back then, Keira’s
relationship with Lewis hadn’t been made public.
It was understandable for Mrs. Olsen to help the first
branch.
Her downcast look misled Frankie, who thought she was finally beginning to worry, so he reassured her. “Don’t worry. With the relationship between Rebecca and you, the Allen family will be your connection in
Clance.”
Keira couldn’t help but smile. “You’re getting it the wrong way. I don’t…”
Before she could say the words “need it,” Lewis walked over, having changed his clothes.
He immediately spotted Frankie and Keira.
Keira wore a white riding outfit today, while Frankie was dressed in blue riding attire. The two of them stood together, and they made a perfect match of talent and beauty.
There was still a touch of warmth on Frankie’s face.
A sudden sense of crisis welled up in Lewis’s chest, prompting him to hurry over to Keira’s side, grab her hand from behind, and cast a wary look toward Frankie as he declared his territory. Mr. Allen, you’re talking to my wife. Is there something you need?”
Frankie was perplexed.
He frowned. “It’s nothing serious, just…”
“If it’s nothing serious, then don’t delay our horse riding,” Lewis said coldly, before turning to Keira. “Didn’t you find horse riding interesting? Let me teach
you.”
Keira raised an eyebrow. “Okay.”
Holding hands, the couple prepared to leave, leaving Frankie standing there in disarray!
This couple actually still had the mind to go learn
horse riding?!
Were they here to ride horses today?!
Frankie felt like such a busybody.
No!
Frankie didn’t believe he was a busybody.
Frankie grimaced inwardly and couldn’t help but
mutter to himself before shouting out, “You’re leaving just like that?”
Lewis paused for a moment and looked back at him,
“Otherwise?”
Frankie frowned. “I can introduce you to some people
from Clance who have come here.”
Lewis’s gaze was chilly, “That won’t be necessary.”
“Why must you be so stubborn!” Frankie was genuinely a bit angry now. “The Davis family is a different story, and the other people have nothing to do with you. If
you keep this up, how are you going to hold on to your position as Chairman!”
Lewis’s expression remained indifferent, exuding strong, inexplicable confidence. “Whether or not I can hold onto my position won’t affect our two families’
partnership.”
Frankie thought, “That’s not what I meant!”
“I see,” Lewis Horton replied, still as frosty as ever, showing no warmth. “Is there anything else, Mr. Allen?”
Seeing his aloof manner, Frankie sighed inwardly.
He understood that Lewis was very sensitive about his
mother’s relatives.
Had anyone been in his shoes, who wouldn’t harb
negative feelings toward a birth mother after bein
out of the womb to accelerate a divorce three mo
in advance and barely surviving the ordeal?
As he watched the pair head toward a more secluded corner, he could only remind aloud, “Miss Olsen, don forget our appointment to look at the photograph tonight.”
Lewis stopped in his tracks, his brows lightly furrowed. “What photograph?”
Keira explained lightly, “Mrs. Allen mentioned there’s a photograph related to me; I’m going to have a look.”
Lewis then looked displeasedly at Frankie. “Will he be
there too?”
Keira, somewhat puzzled, said, “Yes.”
Lewis said, “Can’t we see it now?”
“We can…”
Frankie smiled.
He slowly took out his phone and opened the photograph he had taken.
In the photograph, a twenty-years-younger Mr. All stood next to a woman who was in her forties yet well-maintained.
That woman bore a lot of resemblance to Keira!
###Chapter 165 Horse Riding
Chapter 165 Horse Riding
Frankie looked at the photo in his hand.
When he restored this photo in Clance, he had thought Mr. Allen was a bit exaggerating.
But once the restoration succeeded, he was
astonished.
The woman in the photo was definitely related to Keira by blood!
There were plenty of beautiful women, but it was rare to see someone whose features, though individually may not be the most outstanding, when put together, became so dazzlingly attractive.
As Keira followed Lewis back, she stepped forward to take a closer look, only to see Frankie lifting his phone as if to show them something, but just as they were about to see, he put away the phone. “It’s possible, but my dad has something to say to Miss Olsen in person. Mr. Horton, do you not want Miss Olsen to go?”
Upon hearing this, Keira pursed her lips tightly.
Rebecca was a simple and kind girl, whom she liked
very much.
The two had actually been in frequent contact recently, but the resistance Lewis had just shown toward the Allen family made her hesitate…
Did it mean she would have to stay away from the Allen family in the future because of him?
She might not be able to do that.
Keira had never been led by love alone; she wouldn’t choose between friends and her husband!
Just as she thought about this, she saw Lewis frown
and immediately turn to her. “That’s Keira’s decision to
make. I won’t interfere.”
Keira smiled satisfactorily.
Lewis looked back at Frankie. “Mr. Allen, there’s no need to try to affect our relationship.”
Frankie was shocked.
That wasn’t what he meant at all! He just felt that someone like Keira shouldn’t be confined to the inner house; she had her own vast world to belong to.
He wanted to explain, but Lewis had already taken
Keira’s hand and left, leaving Frankie speechless.
It was as if he was some kind of villain!
Frankie felt slightly suffocated and believed that Lewis’s last remark was definitely intentional.
Keira, however, didn’t think too much of it and just followed Lewis to the equestrian center.
She quietly observed Lewis.
He was dressed in a black, tailored top that outlined his lean, strong waist. His lower half was clad in matching riding pants tucked into boots, which accentuated his height and leg length, giving him a less reserved and more dashing air than usual.
It was as though the next moment, he would be off conquering the world on horseback, galloping through the rivers and lakes!
He was kind of handsome,
Keira quickly diverted her gaze.
Right now, most of the people coming to the equestrian center for the gathering were chatting in
the resting area, with only a few individuals on the grounds.
As Lewis and Keira walked over, someone was already
waiting there with a mighty and imposing horse, its coat touched with a faint hint of gold, resembling a regal creature watching disdainfully over the staff. Its eyes seemed to carry an untamed spirit.
Lewis said, “This is my horse, Chasing Wind.”
Keira paused for a moment.
She actually recognized this horse…
It was a famous Akhal-Teke from Oceanion, one with a very bad temper when it first arrived. It was Keira who
tamed it before it was sold.
The buyer was actually Lewis?
Chasing Wind immediately lowered its head as Keira and Lewis approached, and upon seeing them, the horse’s eyes showed surprise.
Lewis patted its head and looked at Keira. “Chasing Wind has a bad temper, dare you ride him?”
At those words, Chasing Wind let out agitated breaths through its nostrils, as if to say, “With the big fiend
here, why would I dare to lose my temper?!”
Keira glanced at Chasing Wind, making it shudder.
A crafty light flashed in her eyes, followed by a gentle smile. “If you’re here, what’s there for me to fear?”
Those words indeed made Lewis smile with delight. The displeasure he felt upon encountering the Allen family, who was related to his birth mother., instantly disappeared.
Keira approached Chasing Wind, and just as she was about to mount the horse, her waist was suddenly grasped by a large hand, and then Lewis effortlessly lifted her up.
Keira was initially surprised and then realized what was happening. She parted her legs in the air and neatly perched atop the horse, after which Lewis grasped her ankles and placed her feet on the stirrups.
The riding attire was thick, yet the heat from Lewis’s palm seemed to penetrate the fabric, scorching her skin and making her ears flush a bit.
Lewis’s deep voice wafted over. “I’ll lead the horse for you. Don’t be afraid.”
Keira paused for a moment, then the corners of her lips curved into a smile. “Okay.”
Even Chasing Wind’s horsey eyes were astounded.
“The great fiend is scared of me?”
It felt like it was back to those dark days, tormented by the great fiend…
Yet, that cold and domineering CEO didn’t notice its distress at all. At the moment, he was speaking softly. “This horse is in a rather good mood today, so I’ll walk
a bit faster; don’t be scared.”
Keira was very cooperative. “Don’t go too fast. What if
I fall off?”
COLL
“Don’t worry, I’ll catch you.”
“Okay.”
Chasing Wind was shocked!
The great fiend who never needed a saddle and
seemed to grow on horseback was now afraid of falling off?
It was as if it had seen a ghost!
While the two were indulging in their sweet and affectionate moments, a group of rich heirs from Oceanion was slowly approaching, surrounding the young masters from Clance.
In the midst of the crowd, one figure stood out
prominently.
He wore a showy white riding outfit and a black hat, with his hands on his hips and his handsome face alight with unbridled arrogance.
It was none other than today’s protagonist-Ellis
Olsen.
Isla and Jake were on the periphery of the crowd, whispering to each other.
Isla said, “My mom said that the Olsen family is one of
The Five Nobles of Clance. With a vast estate and a
large business empire, it has powerful backing… Jake, as long as we make him happy today, that’s all that
matters.”
Jake nodded and replied, “I didn’t expect your mom to actually get him to come. I specifically inquired about
bim Ellia adores horse riding inat na others like racing
cars. The person he admires the most is someone who is skilled in equestrianism.”
Isla didn’t have this information and was a bit anxious.
“It’s a pity that I’m pregnant and can’t ride horses
today.”
Jake sighed. “That’s true. The timing of this child isn’t good.”
They had finally managed to invite someone important from Clance through Mrs. Olsen, and now Isla was pregnant and couldn’t engage in the dangerous activity of horse riding.
Jake frowned. “If I run better than him, he might not be happy, and here I was thinking you’re good at riding and could impress him!”
Isla bit her lip. She glanced over at the riding field and suddenly laughed. “Jake, even though I can’t show off by riding today, there are others who can embarrass
themselves.”
As she said that, Jake followed her gaze and also saw
Keira.
It seemed they had had their fill of walking the track,
and at this moment as Keira was about to dismount.
Lewis immediately reached out and caught her in his
arms!
The sun shone on them, a handsome man and a
beautiful woman, making Jake feel nothing but anger.
He clenched his fists tightly, only to hear Ellis inquire. “Huh, isn’t that Lewis? The woman he’s holding, is that his wife? Why use arms to assist her down from the
horse? Can’t she ride?”
Isla’s eyes flickered, and she promptly walked over and said with a smile, “That’s my younger sister, Keira. She hasn’t learned horse riding.”
Ellis immediately scoffed. “If she hasn’t learned to ride, what’s she doing at the riding field? This place is for horse racing, not for their romantic escapades!”
As he spoke those words, Keira and Lewis were alre hand in hand approaching them.
As the distance closed, Ellis gradually took a good loo at Keira’s face and was momentarily taken aback.
###Chapter 166 Cousin
Chapter 166 Cousin
Ellis frowned, giving Keira a second look. 
Why did this woman look somewhat familiar? 
She seemed to bear a resemblance to his third uncle... 
With this thought in mind, he turned to Isla. "My third uncle mentioned that your mom is an old friend of his, asking me to look after your Olsen family for a while. Surely your family isn't so poor that you haven't even taken equestrian lessons, right? How can there be a sister who doesn't know how to ride horses?" 
Isla immediately lowered her head, adopting a look of shame. 
Without a word from her, of course, there was a little lackey to speak up for her. "Mr. Olsen, that's not Miss Olsen's biological sister. Her mother is a mistress; that girl is the Olsen family's illegitimate daughter. Of course, she wasn't treated well from her childhood and never learned horseback riding." 
This statement displeased Ellis. 
When his third uncle mentioned Jodie South, he did so with nostalgia and even made Ellis promise to help by checking if Jodie was doing well, and that Ellis should pay her a visit as a junior should. 
If her husband had an illegitimate daughter, how could she possibly be living well? 
Ellis snorted with derision. "An illegitimate daughter attending our banquet? Isla, your mother has really spoiled her too much!" 
Isla forced a bitter smile and put on a helpless act. "Mr. Olsen, she's no longer the Olsen family's illegitimate daughter now. She's the wife of Uncle Lewis..." 
Ellis was shocked. "What? You're saying Lewis married an illegitimate daughter?!" 
Isla nodded... 
But Ellis just sneered. "Ha, that hypocrite. I didn't expect he'd have such a day!" 
Jake caught the implications in his words and immediately asked, "Mr. Olsen, you know my uncle?" 
"Of course, I know him. We were classmates abroad!" Ellis said with a sneer, "Back then, I thought he looked decent enough and considered introducing him to a cousin at home who hadn't married yet. But this hypocrite rejected me..." 
"Let's go!" 
Ellis led everyone forward, "Let's go see for ourselves. He rejected several of my cousins. I want to see what kind of wife he ended up marrying! Lewis!" 
Keira saw this group approaching from afar, so she prepared to dismount. 
After all, as the owner of the equestrian club, she and Lewis should go and greet them. 
But she didn't expect that just as she got close to Lewis, she saw someone who resembled a pompous peacock charge over, amorous eyes full of arrogance. He put his hands on his hips and said, "Lewis, you rejected my little sister, and you end up marrying a woman who can't even ride a horse? You really have no taste!" 
Lewis frowned. "Ellis, if you've got nothing nice to say, you can shut up." 
Yet, from his response, Keira quickly assessed the relationship between the two men. 
There was scolding and irritation in Lewis's voice; the other man must be his nemesis. 
She immediately classified Ellis as an enemy. 
Why would Ellis listen to Lewis? 
He walked straight up to Keira, examining her from top to bottom deliberately in a frivolous manner. "Lewis, your wife sure is pretty, but you shouldn't be so shallow, judging by her looks alone." 
The frown on Lewis's face was so deep it looked like it could kill a fly. 
Indeed, he and Ellis were classmates, and their auras had always clashed while they were abroad. 
Ellis loved socializing and parties, and each time he invited Lewis, Lewis never attended, eventually making Ellis take a dislike to him. 
But even so, Ellis had always been relatively polite to him. 
Today, those words seemed intentionally provocative. 
Lewis narrowed his eyes and glanced at Isla standing beside him, instantly understanding that Ellis had come here to target Keira on Isla's behalf. He said sternly, "Ellis, if you disrespect my wife again, don't blame me for being rude!" 
"Oh dear, I'm so scared!" 
With feigned fear, Ellis laughed. "But you know me, I've always respected the strong. As classmates, I suppose I should show some respect for your wife. How about this, why doesn't your wife race me around the track?" 
Lewis immediately said, "I'll race you. She can't ride a horse." 
Ellis exaggerated his response. "You can't be serious? Someone doesn't know how to ride in this day and age? Isla, your family really hasn't treated the illegitimate daughter well, have you? Not even giving her riding lessons? Bringing her here to the equestrian club, isn't that a disgrace?" 
Upon hearing this, Isla immediately responded, "Mr. Olsen, it was my father's decision…" 
The young gentlemen from Clance immediately started to chime in. "Isn't she your father's illegitimate daughter? He doesn't even like her?" 
Someone quickly explained, "Mr. Taylor Olsen loves his wife dearly. He's famously devoted to his wife. It was Keira's mother who tricked him, and then shamelessly clung to the Olsen family, refusing to leave after having her..." 
A cold glint flashed in Ellis's eyes. 
Being friends with Lewis, he certainly wasn't a simple character. 
He was just more flamboyant in his actions. 
If his third uncle wanted to protect Mrs. Olsen's dignity, then the existence of this illegitimate daughter must certainly be a disgrace to Mrs. Olsen. Today, he'd help vent some anger then! 
Thinking this, he glanced at the people beside him. 
They immediately understood his intention and started to point and whisper about Keira/ 
"No wonder she hasn't had riding lessons. She's just a pitiful girl, unloved by her father and mother. The Olsen family did well enough just to feed her and raise her…" 
"I heard that back when Isla was learning to ride horses, Keira was serving her, even kneeling down to be a step for her to mount the horse!" 
"Mr. Horton, your taste is really questionable, marrying such a wife. She's utterly worthless…" 
Ellis glanced at Keira, who, regardless of what everyone said, showed no change in expression. He thought this illegitimate daughter really had some nerve. 
At least this composed demeanor was something Isla didn't possess. 
He scoffed and said, "What's there to be scared of if you haven't learned? Miss Olsen, right? Just run one lap with me. If you grit your teeth and endure it, I promise no one will speak about you again! Do you dare?" 
Upon these words, everyone burst into laughter. 
"Mr. Olsen, stop teasing her! She was already so scared she could only be led by a rope and walk slowly. How can you make her run? She'd be terrified out of her wits!" 
"Not knowing how to ride is very dangerous, and the horses here are all tall and powerful. If she falls while running, it could be fatal!" 
"By then, Mr. Horton will be devastated, he'll be a widower!" 
"Don't say that. I bet Miss Olsen is so scared right now that her legs have gone weak, and her face has turned white…" 
Lewis's expression was extremely unpleasant. 
In Oceanion, out of respect for him, people would not dare to speak so offensively. 
But these people from Clance seemed rather unrestrained. 
He clenched his fists, about to teach this group a lesson, when his wrist was suddenly grasped by a soft hand. 
Lewis was slightly taken aback, only to see Keira stepping out from his side, "Then let's run that lap."
###Chapter 167 Horse Trainer
Chapter 167 Horse Trainer
Keira’s offhand remark made Lewis frown and blurt
out involuntarily, “No way!”
Ellis hadn’t expected Keira to agree. All he wanted was
to humiliate her with a few words and use her to mock
Lewis, to thoroughly slap their faces in public.
So when Keira agreed, he was momentarily stunned.
Then, hearing Lewis’s words, he immediately laughed. “Why not, Lewis? Could it be that you don’t have confidence in your own wife? It’s just horse racing,
isn’t it?”
Lewis’s sharp gaze instantly turned toward Ellis, and he said angrily, “Don’t you know the dangers for a novice in horse racing?”
Ellis pursed his lips. Although he had a nasty temperament, he hadn’t actually wanted to cause a fatal accident, so he quickly retorted, “Tsk, if you can’t handle it, then don’t participate! She wants to join in everything without the ability, but she should just stay home and be a trophy wife. Don’t come out and disgust us!”
The group of rich heirs behind him immediately echoed one after another:
“Exactly, Mr. Horton. You treat an illegitimate daughter
like a treasure. If she’s so precious, she shouldn’t be brought out to embarrass herself!”
“Of all people, Lewis Horton is infatuated with a
woman, to the point of being blinded, who would have thought…”
“Hey, illegitimate daughter, if I were you, I’d just be his canary and not leave home to embarrass him!”
Amidst the mockery of the crowd, Isla and Jake exchanged glances, excitement gleaming in their eyes.
This time, Keira had made a huge fool of herself!
Once back home, Nathan would certainly seize this point to push for their divorce again.
How could the Horton family have such a disgraceful hostess?!
Isla took the opportunity to speak. “Mr. Olsen, please be reasonable. My aunt has never seen such a scene…”
Ellis snickered. “It’s so disappointing to have something that can’t even make a public appearance!”
After saying that, his gaze turned back to the racetrack, and upon spotting Chasing Wind, his eyes immediately lit up. He then said to Lewis, “I’ve long heard there’s a horse in Oceanion named Chasing Wind, and seeing it today, it truly is outstanding.
Lewis, a hero deserves a splendid horse. With you, the horse is just a tool to amuse a beauty. How about this, since your wife dares not race with me, why don’t you sell the horse to me? Name your price!”
Ellis had long been drooling over Chasing Wind.
Fine horses were hard to come by, especially one with a wild temper that only obeyed its master. It was a genuine treasure for any horse enthusiast.
Seeing Chasing Wind leisurely strolling in the racetrack with Lewis had nearly infuriated him.
In his view, a horse like Chasing Wind deserved
respect!
Lewis replied coldly, “Not for sale.”
Ellis pressed on, “Yet you let this illegitimate daughter
to anail it? When we were in school hour did I not realize you had become so lovesick?”
He frowned. “Moreover, I heard that when Chasing Wind was sent to Oceanion, no one could tame it; it nearly starved to death alive! It was Oceanion’s most skilled horse trainer who subdued it in the end. Are you really honoring the trainer’s efforts by doing this?”
Someone behind him asked, “Which horse trainer?”
Ellis explained, “In recent years, a horse trainer appeared in Oceanion. Rumor has it she’s a woman who can tame any horse. Many untamable wild horses would rather die of starvation than submit, but this
trainer really understands them. The horses she has tamed still retain their wild nature; she’s quite
remarkable!”
“A woman? Taming horses? Is that true?”
Ellis snickered, “Of course, it’s true. Chasing Wind was tamed by that person. Just look at its condition now…”
Leaving behind those words, he was so transfixed that he entered the horse ring and walked up to Chasing
Wind.
His passion for horses had reached an obsessive level, and he exclaimed in astonishment “Look at that shinv
coat and all those muscles. It’s just standing there, yet I can imagine how the muscle lines would flow when it’s running at full speed… Do you know what the most incredible thing about that horse trainer is? The wild horses she tames hardly ever get hurt…”
Ellis said, “I really want to meet her!”
Jake said hastily, “Then, Mr. Olsen, stay a few more days. I’ll invite her over, so you two can meet.”
Ellis immediately scoffed. “Clance is so far from Oceanion; I’m staying a few days for sure. But you don’t need to call anyone. If I get any news of that horse trainer, I’ll personally pay her a visit…”
Someone beside them laughed. “Mr. Olsen, it’s just a horse trainer. Is it worth it?”
Ellis lifted his chin right away. “How is it not worth it? So many strong men can’t tame that valuable horse, yet she can. She’s truly a heroine among women!”
After saying that, he deliberately looked toward Keira. “Unlike some people who have never ridden a horse. She still needs someone to hold the reins when riding a horse. How pretentious!”
Keira the horse trainer herself was just called
pretentious…
She figured it out.
Ellis wasn’t displeased with her identity; he disliked her as a person.
Thinking about it carefully, she knew what was going on. It must be because of something Isla had said…
While she was pondering, Lewis had already stepped forward. “Ellis, if you have the guts, race me on horseback. What kind of man constantly targets
women?!”
Ellis chuckled. “I wouldn’t compete with you. I couldn’t beat you abroad, so I’m not stupid enough to humiliate myself here.”
After saying that, he approached Chasing Wind, subconsciously wanting to pat its head.
But he didn’t expect that in the next moment, Chasing Wind suddenly lifted its front hoof, let out a neigh, and aimed a kick at Ellis’s groin!
Ellis was terrified and immediately took two steps back, stabilizing himself just in time.
The others didn’t believe this was happening, and one
muscular man shouted, “Hey, is this horse that wild? I’ll give it a try!”
He grabbed the reins and mounted the horse.
He was Ellis’s exclusive riding coach, usually the best at taming horses, but Chasing Wind was different from ordinary wild horses. As soon as the man mounted, it immediately started bucking in place.
Not even two minutes had passed before it threw him off!
“What a fiery horse,” praised the coach.
The people around them immediately gathered to watch the horse.
After throwing off the rider, Chasing Wind instantly raised its head and spun in place. It was an arrogant pose.
Others wanted to step forward and try, but the coach stopped them. “This horse isn’t to be trifled with. I just provoked it, and now it’s in a state of agitation. It could be dangerous to approach.”
Everyone immediately started to back away.
Keira was enjoying the commotion; just as she was about to take a step back, a sudden force from behind pushed her forward, sending her straight in front of Chasing Wind!
###Chapter 168 Riding a Horse
Chapter 168 Riding a Horse
“Keira!” 
Lewis wanted to go to her rescue, but his arm was grabbed by Jake. “Uncle, don’t go over there; it’s dangerous!”
Lewis instinctively tried to break free from the grip, but he was surrounded by people, which prevented him from moving freely. He could only punch Jake hard
in the chest.
Then he tried to push through the crowd…
At the forefront of the crowd were Ellis and his coach.
Seeing Keira rushing over, Ellis’s pupils shrank, and he immediately cursed. “What an idiot!”
He wanted to step forward to rescue her, but the coach stopped him. “This horse is too fierce and wil you can’t go near it. It’s too dangerous!”
Ellis frowned tightly and couldn’t help but swear angrily. “What is this illegitimate daughter doing? Has she lost her mind? Didn’t she hear a word we just said? We told her not to get close…”
“Lewis, did you marry a wife who has no brain?”
Lewis had already broken free from the crowd and
arrived in front of Ellis. Hearing this, he didn’t have time to argue and rushed into the middle of the horse
ring.
His heart was almost in his throat.
At that moment, he couldn’t help but feel an intense
regret.
Why hadn’t he held on tight to Keira’s hand just now? He had let her get pushed to the front of Chasing Wind by the crowd…
Since being purchased, Chasing Wind had remained untamed. It took Lewis several days and nights to get it to acknowledge him as its master, and over the years, Chasing Wind had injured numerous staff members…
No one, man or woman, dared to get too close to it.
Keira was…
Just as Lewis was about to rush in to rescue her, the next moment, he was stunned by the scene before
him.
But he saw Chasing Wind, which had been raging, spinning on the spot, and neighing nonstop, suddenly shivered when Keira approached. It then became quiet, lowered its proudly held head, and even rubbed its horse face against Keira’s shoulder.
The crowd was perplexed.
Why did it feel like there was a hint of ingratiating on the part of the horse?
Keira extended her hand to stroke the horse’s head,
and the horse immediately calmed down. The fierceness and restlessness that had just been there
seemed to vanish in an instant.
It even started wagging its tail like a dog.
The crowd was dumbfounded.
There was a silence all around.
After a short pause, Ellis said excitedly, “Lewis, your horse is practically psychic! Does it know this woman is your wife, and so it’s also gentle with her?!”
Those behind him seemed to realize something, and they began to praise Chasing Wind.
“This horse is truly amazing it understands so much!”
“Almost like a thinking human…”
“My goodness, I actually witnessed worldly sophistication in a horse!”
“No wonder Mr. Olsen likes this horse so much; I
suddenly like it too… Such unabashed favoritism is just incredible!”
Seeing that the discussion among the crowd was heading off-track, Isla started to worry. She hurriedly steered the conversation back. “Uncle, it looks like you’ve been bringing Keira here often! We had no idea… But that makes sense; you’ve been married for two years now and have been keeping it a secret from us, especially Keira. My mom has been kept in the dark…”
Intentionally phrasing it this way, she indeed misled
Ellis.
Who knew what means this illegitimate daughter, used to marry Lewis? Wouldn’t she then be able to strut around the Olsen family as she pleased? She must have
added more trouble for Mrs. Olsen.
Thinking of the ardor givan bu his unalo
As much as Ellis admired Chasing Wind at that moment, that’s how much disdain he had for Keira
Olsen!
He said, “Keira Olsen, since you’re often brought here by Lewis, I suppose your equestrian skills should be passable. Come on, let’s all run a lap together for fun!”
With a wave of his hand, someone led a horse over.
The young gentlemen around him each mounted their
horses.
Ellis also chose a chestnut horse and mounted it.
Sitting on the horse, he looked imposing and condescendingly said to Keira. “Hurry up and mount, Keira. You can at least mount a horse, can’t you?”
The others laughed.
“No way, right? Isn’t that the first thing you learn in a riding lesson?”
“Just now I saw Mr. Horton carry her down, so it seems she really can’t mount a horse…”
“It might also be that she’s too scared. That move by Chasing Wind probably scared the wits out of her…”
Amidst the discussion, Isla walked up to Lewis. “Uncle
Lewis, I think you should apologize to Mr. Olsen and not let Keira run the race. What if something really happened?”
This made everyone’s gaze fall back on Lewis once
more.
However, Lewis kept his eyes fixed on the woman in the middle of the horse arena…
Everyone thought Chasing Wind was being polite to Keira because of Lewis, but only Lewis knew that this was their first time at the equestrian center and Chasing Wind’s temperament wouldn’t allow it to be so
docile in front of her just because she had ridden it for a lap earlier.
Chasing Wind had never been so submissive even in
front of him!
Tying this with what Ellis had just mentioned, that in the entire Oceanion, only one horse trainer had ever
tamed this horse…
So…
Deep down, Lewis had a vague guess!
Indeed, the next moment, he saw Keira flash him a smile and said, “Then let’s run a lap.”
“Let’s go!”
The young gentlemen around her immediately kicked their horses, and the animals began running around
the arena.
Among these figures were girls…
After all, equestrian lessons might now be considered their regular courses, and furthermore, those rich heirs who really disliked horseback riding wouldn’t
come to today’s equestrian meetup.
Ellis looked at Keira and laughed arrogantly. “Get on
the horse!”
Keira once again stroked Chasing Wind’s head.
Chasing Wind was incredibly tall, and the stirrups wer fitted for Lewis’s height. It was a bit difficult for Keira to step up, and just as she was about to grab hold of the saddle behind Chasing Wind and swing herself onto the horse, a tall figure suddenly approached.
Lewis came in front of her, his hands braced together.
Then he bent down slightly, his features like a painting. His voice was low and magnetic. “Let me help you get
on.”
Keira looked into his dark eyes and smiled faintly.
She stepped on the back of Lewis’s hands and as he lifted her with force, she used the momentum to leap onto the horse, then firmly planted her feet in the stirrups and tightened the reins!
This fluid movement dazzled Lewis.
Ellis sneered, “All flash and no substance. What’s the use of these fancy moves? If you’ve got the skills, then
run!”
The others laughed as well.
“For girls, looking good is enough. Mr. Olsen, you don’ seriously think she can compete with us in speed, do you?”
“If she can ride around smoothly, that’s all that matters! She’s an illegitimate daughter who has never taken a riding lesson. How could she possibly outrun you?”
Among the low murmur of the crowd, Keira suddenly raised her eyebrows at Lewis, then shifted her gaze back. She lightly patted Chasing Wind and said, “Go!”
###Chapter 169 Bully
Chapter 169 Bully
Hearing Keira’s clear voice, Chasing Wind began to trot at a leisurely pace.
Keira wasn’t trying to show off her skills, nor did she intend to flaunt anything. She just wanted to complete a lap and get the task done.
That way, Lewis wouldn’t lose face because of her.
It would also keep Ellis from being so arrogantly triumphant.
Dressed in white riding gear, her spine ramrod straight, she rode the tall horse at a leisurely pace, unwittingly becoming the center of attention for
everyone present.
Isla also mounted a horse. 
There was no help for it. With Ellis entering the equestrian arena, they all wanted to accompany him, and her slow riding wasn’t a big deal as long as she didn’t break into a run. There would be no risk to her
unborn child.
Isla was followed by a few lackeys she had summoned,
and those women were flattering her with beaming smiles:
“Miss Isla, your mother is really impressive. She’s able
to invite Mr. Olsen from Clance to this kind of
equestrian gathering!”
“Not just Mr. Olsen. Don’t underestimate the other young masters from those families! Their family backgrounds are quite formidable as well!”
“Isla, I used to think your family was just a middle-class household, but who would have known you had such powerful connections? Why didn’t you show off before? Your family is so low-profile!”
“Isla, your family name is also Olsen. Is your family related to the Clance Olsen family?”
Isla had already looked into this matter.
Indeed, there was a connection.
Taylor was a very distant relative of the Clance Olsen Family, separated by many generations, and due to the distance, there had been no contact between the two
families.
Taylor grew up in Oceanion and went to university in
Clance.
After graduating, he married Mrs. Olsen, Jodie South,
and it was only after this that he returned to
Oceanion…
When Mrs. Olsen was in Clance, she made contact
with many prominent young people from powerful families, and it seemed she had a pretty good relationship with them.
This time, she just casually sent a few messages to those in Clance, and some of the people who came today did so because of Ellis, but others came out of respect for Mrs. Olsen’s family.
In any case, these rich second-generation individuals indeed represented a formidable network of
connections.
When Isla turned her gaze to Ellis, she saw that Jake had already mingled among them, chatting and laughing.
Ellis, as the standout of this generation in the Olsen family, might have been showy in his actions, but he took very good care of Jake out of respect for Mrs. Olsen.
At least, however, Ellis felt inside, he appeared to get well with Jake on the surface.
along very
But Jake was young and eager after all. He already wore a hint of pride on his face, unlike Lewis’s maturity and depth.
Isla’s eyes flickered.
If she had known earlier that Mrs. Olsen had so many connections, she wouldn’t have set her sights on Jake. If she could have married Lewis, she wouldn’t have to
live so hard now.
Keira really has good fortune!
Isla glanced at Keira, nudged her horse, and picked up the pace to catch up with her. “Keira, Chasing Wind really understands humans. You’re so stable on your first ride, and it hasn’t even shown its temper to you.”
This comment made the group of rich heiresses following her laugh.
“Judging by her appearance, this can’t be her first time riding experience. Who wouldn’t be scared their first time?”
“It’s definitely not her first time. Didn’t you hear?
When Miss Isla was taking riding lessons as a child, she was there, acting as a human stepping block for Miss
Isla!”
s that still a thing? I’ve only seen it on TV, where eunuchs would kneel down and let the emperor step on their backs to mount a horse. I’ve never seen it in
real life. Miss Isla, why don’t you and Keira perform it
for us?”
Isla’s smile deepened at the corners of her lips. “Don’t say that, times have changed. Now, Keira is my aunt, and my uncle is right here watching…”
“That doesn’t change the fact that she’s an illegitimate daughter! I heard when she was younger, she even had to fetch wash water for your feet?”
“Ew, a foot-washing maid. How disgusting!”
Keira’s eyes turned cold as she stared straight at Isla. “It was you who pushed me just now, wasn’t it?”
Isla narrowed her eyes. “Keira, what are you talking about? I don’t understand… But Mr. Horton’s horse is quite temperamental; you really have to be careful…”
Keira said nothing further and simply gave Chasing Wind’s reins a gentle tug.
Chasing Wind immediately showed an unruly and impatient demeanor, casting a glare at Isla’s horse, snorting softly through its nostrils.
Isla’s horse was suddenly startled and took a half-step to the side, its front hooves collapsing with a thud, making Isla tumble directly off the horse!
Isla rolled off, her riding outfit now smeared with dust from the ground.
But because the ground of the riding arena was loose
and soft, it didn’t cause much harm to her unborn
child.
However, she was in a totally disheveled state, and it was exceedingly embarrassing.
“Miss Olsen!”
Staff and her lackeys rushed to her side, asking anxiously, “Are you alright?”
Isla clenched her fists tightly. “Keira, you did that on purpose!”
Keira leisurely adjusted the reins. “What are you
talking about? I don’t understand. Plus, it’s my first
time riding a horse; I don’t know how to control it. Mr. Horton’s horse is very fierce. Isn’t your horsemanship supposed to be good? How could you get so close to me? That was quite careless, wasn’t it?”
Isla was speechless!
Those words sounded all too familiar!
She trembled with anger.
Just then, Jake and Ellis noticed the commotion here
and had already galloped over.
Jake alighted from his horse and walked over to Isla’s side. “Is the baby alright?”
Isla really wanted to roll her eyes.
But seeing Ellis also looking over, she stared direct Keira, her lips quivering. “Aunt, I’m sorry. I shouldn’ have been disrespectful to you. I shouldn’t have let everyone bring up your status as an illegitimate daughter…”
She lowered her head, and with a voice of
aggrievement, she said, “When I get back, I’ll persuade my mother properly. I’ll accept you and stop picking
fights with you… You can come back to the Olsen
family whenever you want. I won’t dare stop you again, but can you please not harbor any ill intentions toward my baby? It’s innocent!”
As she spoke, her eyes reddened.
Keira frowned tighter. “What are you talking about? When did I ever want to return to the Olsen family?
Mrs. Olsen has never blamed me…”
Isla immediately nodded. “Of course, my mother wouldn’t dare blame you… After all, you are now my
uncle’s wife in the eyes of the law…”
Hearing this, Ellis grew more and more annoyed. Suddenly, without a word, he rode over to Keira’s side, then fiercely whipped her horse’s hindquarters!
Chasing Wind, startled, leapt forward and began to swiftly.
Ellis, an excellent rider himself, followed right beside Chasing Wind and sneered. “Miss Olsen, you like to bully others with your power? Then let’s give you a taste of your own medicine!”
Keira was perplexed.
###Chapter 170 Horse Racing and Face-Slapping
Chapter 170 Horse Racing and Face-Slapping
Keira frowned, about to speak, when Ellis’s whip snapped against Chasing Wind’s butt once more, suddenly boosting its speed again!
Ellis’s expression was grim, tinged with anger.
Today, he was determined to teach this illegitimate daughter a lesson!
With him there to protect her, she wouldn’t die from a
fall, but he could scare her to death!
Ellis had always enjoyed playing such cruel jokes since he was young. He lost count of the number of girls he had driven to despair on horseback, making them cry and beg for mercy in utter humiliation.
After dismounting, they would sometimes even soil
themselves.
The malicious daughters of the wealthy aristocratic families were all subdued by his lessons, earning him the reputation of a devil incarnate in Clance.
Today, he wanted the illegitimate daughter to run for her life in utter disarray, preferably scared out of her
wits, fleeing in a most disgraceful way, so that she
lose all face and never be able to attend any
social event again.
Let’s see how she would bully Mrs. Olsen and her daughter after that!
With that thought in mind, Ellis lashed Chasing Wind on its butt once again with his whip.
Chasing Wind’s speed surged anew!
Ellis’s horse almost couldn’t keep up.
He followed closely behind, sneering as he watched the girl in front.
But seeing as Chasing Wind was moving too fast, Keira leaned forward, almost flat against the horse…
Her posture was correct, but her face must be contorted with fear by now, right?
Ellis snickered, his voice calm and composed, “Keira, beg me now, and if you apologize to Isla after this, I’ll let you off. How about it?”
However, the girl lying on the horse’s back turned her head at that moment.
Her bright eyes were still cool and calm, and with barely parted lips, she said, “Mr. Olsen, how about we make a bet?”
Ellis believed she was definitely feigning that calm
demeanor!
He asked disdainfully, “What bet?”
“Those flags up ahead will mark the finish line. Let’s see who can get there faster
Ellis scoffed. “You’re overestimating yourself! Fine,
what’s the stake?”
“If I lose, I’ll apologize to Isla as you just said.”
Keira said indifferently, “But if I win, you go to Lewis and bow your head, admitting you’ll never be his equal!”
Ellis burst into laughter. “You just want me to let you go, don’t you? You think I can’t see your little ploy? B I accept your bet!”
At that moment, he had to admit he was somewhat impressed by Keira. Despite the situation, she was able to respond with such ease.
Coming un with this betting idea to make him let her
go was quite shrewd.
Anyway, if she lost, she would still have to apologize to Isla, so he considered giving her a way out.
After leaving that comment, Ellis was ready to overtake Chasing Wind on the inside, assuming Keira would slow down, but just as he sped up…
“Go!”
Keira kicked the horse’s sides with both feet, and with a calm, bright voice, pushed Chasing Wind to increase its pace!
Ellis only saw a blur as Chasing Wind suddenly went a horse’s length ahead of him!
Ellis was stunned.
Kei skilled riding, her cool and collected demeanor,
and the clear sound of her voice when she accelerated
all made him realize, she was no novice!
Ellis lashed his own horse’s tail fiercely, determined to catch up.
How could his horsemanship possibly be worse than that of an illegitimate daughter?!
On the other side, Isla and the others had long since stopped and were watching the activity in the horse
field.
Isla looked down at the dust covering her clothes and the layer of dust on her hair, clenching her fists.
Someone immediately tried to restore her dignity.
“Miss Isla’s equestrian skills have always been excellent; she’s always been one of the best among
us…”
“Exactly, Miss Isla has been outstanding since she was young and has always been the child our parents compared us to. Every time they brought her up, they told us to learn from Miss Isla…”
“Speaking of which, Keira is famously just a pretty face right? I remember back at school, she was always the worst student in class… It’s true what they say about children born to different mothers!”
“She’s not only bad at studying, but she’s bad at everything, after all, she comes from such a lowly birth…”
“Look over there!”
While a few people were mocking in secret, suddenly a shocked cry made everyone turn to look at the field!
They saw Keira and Ellis say something, and then Chasing Wind had started to gallop rapidly, quickly throwing Ellis’s horse behind!
The few people who were chatting were astonished.
Jake stared blankly at the equestrian field and saw Keira’s poised and impressive stature. He blurted out in disbelief, “How could she possibly ride a horse?!”
Isla was also stunned, incredulously watching the equestrian field.
Equestrianism had always been her proudest activity; she’d won quite a few competitions in it, and that was why she dared to hold this banquet to entertain Ellis,
but how could…
The speed at which Keira was now riding was something she’d never achieved!
Isla clenched her fists tightly, then suddenly said, “It must be because Chasing Wind is such a good horse… Yes, this horse is a prestigious Ferghana horse. No
wonder so many people want good horses. The bonus a good horse brings is all too significant!”
Jake also tensed his jaw. “Right, it must be that…”
The rest seemed to refuse to accept the fact that Keira could outrun them at horse riding, and so they were all swayed by this reasoning.
“Keira is racing against Mr. Olsen. Even if she wins, it’s not something to be proud of. After all, Mr. Olsen’s horse is just an ordinary one…”
“Chasing Wind is not only famous in Oceanion but all over Crera. it has a pure Ferghana horse pedigree…”
While the crowd was abuzz with discussion, Ellis cursed under his breath. “Damn it, Keira, even if you win, it’s only because of that horse. If I had brought n Rising Sun here, you definitely wouldn’t have beaten me! Giddy up!”
He was furious as he whipped his horse again.
His horse was also one of the better ones at the
Horton family Horse Field, second only to Chasing Wind.
However, due to its pedigree, its speed had already
reached its peak, and now, with this incessant urging, it suddenly became spooked
But then, the horse suddenly lost control, leaped out of the equestrian track’s railing, and bolted away!
Ellis was immediately stunned. He pulled hard on the
reins but to no avail!
The entire equestrian field erupted in chaos.
That was a very serious horse-riding accident! If not handled carefully, Ellis might fall off the horse and die!
The horse field’s trainers and Ellis’s instructors all
panicked. They quickly mounted horses in pursuit, and the ambulance nearby roared into action, attempting
to save him!
Isla and Jake exchanged glances.
In their eyes, in addition to panic, a hint of excitemetes suddenly emerged.
The accident with Ellis happened while he was racing against Keira. If Ellis’s family pursued the matter for accountability, they would certainly demand an explanation from Lewis!
Having offended the Clance Olsen family… Lewis’s days would be numbered!
They hadn’t anticipated this twist at the equestrian visit. What an unexpected joy!
With this thought, a touch of excitement surfaced in their eyes.
Lewis also frowned and ran a few steps to the horse nearby, trying to join the rescue.
Ellis was a person of special status; an accident like this would be difficult to explain to the Clance Olsen family!
But he was far from the spot where Ellis had been racing, and with the spooked horse accelerating, he had no chance of catching up.
Just when everyone held their breath, fearing a major
catastrophe was coming…
The agile figure of Chasing Wind suddenly leapt into the air, jumped the railing, and went straight after Ellis!
###Chapter 171 Save Him
Chapter 171 Save Him
Everyone was stunned.
When Chasing Wind leaped over the railing, the whole horse almost seemed to fly.
Its pale golden fur shone with a brilliant luster under the sunlight.
Such speed and height made everyone’s hearts leap to their throats. An average person would surely be thrown off the horse’s back by such a maneuver, and even the riding coaches couldn’t guarantee their own safety!
They could almost picture Keira being tossed off, crashing heavily into the ground, and then having her ribs crushed by the horse’s hooves…
That bloody scene made everyone unable to bear watching!
Some of the young ladies of the rich families exclaimed in shock, subconsciously covering their eyes.
Others who were braver watched intently, worrying
about Keira…
But the anticipated gruesome scene didn’t occur. Keira’s entire body was flat against the horse, and she was pulling the reins with one hand. The moment Chasing Wind leaped and landed, she remained firmly seated on its back!
Her figure merged with that of Chasing Wind, making her look like an equestrian deity descending from the
heavens!
“Holy shit! It actually worked!”
A rich young man who had been riding with Ellis exclaimed, unable to help himself. “That illegitimate daughter is kind of badass!”
The coach nearby breathed a sigh of relief but then frowned with worry. “This is just the first obstacle. The main thing is to see what happens next…”
His words made the people who had just relaxed tense up again!
Yes, jumping the railing was only the first obstacle. The most important part was catching up to Ellis’s horse, and then figuring out how to soothe it and make it calm down!
Currently, the horse was in panic mode, and a non-professional horse trainer would never be able to
calm it down quickly.
Everyone frowned again.
Ellis felt he was done for.
He had tried all methods he knew to calm the horse, but still, he couldn’t get it to stop. He could feel the horse’s violence and unease from under him.
The speed of the horse kept increasing, and his body was being jolted so violently that even clinging to it tightly did no good.
At this speed, if the horse went berserk…
There was almost no chance of survival!
Ellis frowned tightly, but he didn’t regret taking the illegitimate daughter seriously.
She relied on a good marriage to bully Mrs. Olsen and her daughter, and he would teach her a lesson next time to take up for Mrs. Olsen!
He just felt some regret that he hadn’t lived long
enough!
He hadn’t found a wife for his third uncle yet…
And he hadn’t managed to trick Lewis back home to marry his cousin…
What he regretted most was that he had come all the
way to Oceanion and hadn’t even met that legendary horse trainer!
What a loss! His life had been too much of a loss.
As Ellis was thinking about this, a neigh suddenly came from behind him. With a slight turn of his head, he saw Keira, her face tense, rushing up beside him like a
heroine.
Ellis immediately frowned and said, “What are you doing catching up?”
Keira’ frowned as she stared at his horse. “Hold on
tight. Grab the reins…”
Ellis was immediately astonished, “You want to save me? Stop joking around. With your skills, you’ll just be sending yourself to death too!”
Keira gave him a cold glance and didn’t speak, still observing the horse.
Horses wouldn’t just go mad for no reason, especially
those from the Horton family. Apart from Chasing
Wind, they had all been tamed and were very gentle by
nature.
There must be something that agitated this horse. Keira observed to find the root cause…
Yet Ellis scoffed. “What? Are you afraid that if I die, I’ll bring trouble for you? Then carry some guilt and stop bullying Mrs. Olsen and her daughter in the future! I despise nothing more than seeing others smugly triumphant!”
Keira said, “Shut up!”
Ellis went on. “Right, can I ask you a favor?”
Keira still said nothing.
Ellis coughed. “My idol is that mysterious horse train from Oceanion. If you meet her, please tell her I
admire her.”
Upon hearing this, Keira suddenly showed a strange look in her eyes.
She gave Ellis a long look.
This man wasn’t bad, actually. Even when he forced
her into a horse race, he had remained by her side, shielding her. Otherwise, Keira wouldn’t have bothered playing the saint to save him
“Your horse riding skills are actually pretty good. You ride so fast yet so steadily. It seems you’re not just a pretty face. Lewis does have some taste… But don’t chase after me. Don’t overestimate yourself. You’re risking your own life…”
Keira sighed, then sped up once more!
Chasing Wind caught up with the other horse…
Ellis panicked. “Hey, what are you doing? You’re not intending to die with me, are you? It looks like you’re preparing for a lovers’ suicide, which is entirely
unnecessary…”
Before he could finish his sentence, his eyes widened in shock.
To his surprise, the woman in front of him suddenly stood up on horseback, hanging off the side of Chasing Wind like a circus performer, and with a burst of speed from Chasing Wind, she leaped up!
Then, Ellis felt a weight behind him. She was already sitting there her arm reaching past him to grab the
horse’s reins!
Ellis was shocked.
He was horrified. “Hey, illegitimate daughter, do you have a death wish?! Even if you jump over, it’s useless. You can’t calm this horse down… This is practically suicide! You…” 
There was no saddle or stirrups in the position behind him, and with the horse moving so fast, Keira would immediately be thrown off!
He instinctively looked aside and heard the woman’s crisp, calm voice of disdain in his ears. “Shut up, you’re so annoying!”
Ellis was speechless.
Just as he was about to say something else, the woman’s voice came from behind him again, “Sit tight
and hold on!’
Before he could understand her intentions, Ellis felt his waist being embraced, and then the woman’s body soared, performing a side flip from behind him to his front.
Next, Keira grabbed the reins and took control of the horse.
She leaned down, gently stroking the horse’s head, then pulled back hard on the reins while simultaneously lying down to touch the horse’s belly…
“It’s no use. I’ve tried that all already! If you jumped over just to do this, it’s really unnecessary. Do you think you’re my idol?”
Having his reins taken away, Ellis could only grasp Keira’s slender shoulders. He had been on the horse the whole time and was acutely aware of the horse’s agitation and acceleration.
Since the horse began panicking, he had constantly tried these comforting gestures, but they were of no use.
Therefore, seeing Keira making the same moves as he did, he couldn’t help but frown and speak out.
But to his utter disbelief, almost immediately after he spoke, he felt the horse beneath him gradually calming down!!
###Chapter 172 It Won’t
Chapter 172 It Won’t
Ellis was stunned.
It had to be an illusion!
The horse was still galloping but the speed at which the scenery on both sides was receding was indeed slowing down…
He looked at the girl sitting in front of him in astonishment.
Keira was bending over, still stroking the horse’s head and body. She was still whispering something,
seemingly comforting the horse.
Chasing Wind had also caught up with them. It
gradually slowed down, leading their horse to a stop.
Keira finally sighed in relief.
And Ellis was already dumbfounded, looking at Keira in
disbelief.
She actually managed to do it?!
How could this be…
Caught in his amazement, Lewis and several other
security personnel came galloping over on horseback, surrounding them and were immediately stunned by
the scene.
Lewis’s gaze immediately fell on Keira, and upon seeing that she had no visible injuries, he finally relaxed.
Then his cold eyes fell on Ellis’s hands had on Keira’s shoulder, and if looks could kill, Ellis’s paw would have been butchered a thousand times over by now!
He rode forward and coughed. “Ellis, haven’t you had enough riding? Are you not afraid the horse will get spooked again?”
Only then did Ellis snap back to reality and immediately dismounted.
Lewis then looked toward Keira. “Keira, you…”
“I’m fine.” Keira didn’t dismount but continued to gently pat the horse’s head, soothing its emotions.
Someone couldn’t help but ask, “Mrs. Horton, was it you who calmed the horse down?”
Another person chimed in. “The horse was in such a bad state just now, and it got calmed down like that?”
“No, that can’t be possible, right? Under that condition, even a professional horse trainer might not be able to manage it… There have been several cases like this, ending in both human and horse deaths…”
“A similar situation occurred in Oceanion before, but at that time, it was resolved by that impressive, mysterious horse trainer…”
“The horse trainer? Mrs. Horton, you’re not saying that
you are…?”
Everyone gasped.
Lewis’s eyes widened.
When Keira felt the horse beneath her was calm, she straightened up and let out a breath. Hearing everyone’s speculation, she glanced at Ellis and saw that he had already widened his eyes in surprise…
Keira chuckled lightly, neither denying nor confirming it. “This horse got spooked because there was a wooden splinter on the whip, which Mr. Olsen had inadvertently dug into the horse’s backside.”
After saying this, she turned her palm over, revealing a wooden splinter.
This was why she had flipped over to Ellis’s back before calming the horse down from the front; when she landed behind Ellis, she pulled out the splinter
first.
Everyone saw the thick wooden splinter and gasped, then immediately turned to look at Ellis. “Mr. Olsen, how did such a large splinter get there?!”
Ellis was also dumbfounded and didn’t speak for a
moment.
Keira said indifferently, “Mr. Olsen, you were hitting the trees with this whip, weren’t you?”
Ellis was dumbfounded.
He suddenly remembered that he hadn’t been hitting trees with the whip, but when he was bullying Keira, he had used the whip to strike her horse’s backside, and upon pulling it back, he had carelessly hit a wooden post…
That was truly a case of shooting oneself in the foot!
Ellis suddenly felt somewhat embarrassed.
For a moment, no one spoke, and there was an awkward silence.
At that time, Jake and the others, some by car and some on horseback, finally arrived at the scene.
Without having seen clearly what had happened, they immediately gathered around Ellis. “Mr. Olsen, are you alright?”
Jake also started accusing Keira right away. “Keira, why are you being so serious with Mr. Olsen? If you hadn’t raced with him, such an accident wouldn’t have occurred! Uncle, I think you must give an explanation to Mr. Olsen today!”
At these words, Ellis felt even more embarrassed.
Lewis scoffed. “Ellis, what kind of explanation do you
want?”
Ellis quickly touched his nose and hesitated. “Well…”
He cleared his throat, “Today, Mrs. Horton saved my life, so I owe her a favor. Lewis, Mrs. Horton, if there’s anything you need help with in the future, as long as it’s within my capacity, I’m willing to lend a hand once.”
Upon hearing this, Jake was surprised.
The distance was too great from where they were
standing, and he hadn’t seen what had happened clearly. Did Keira save Ellis? How could that be possible?
SO
When did her horse riding skills get good?!
Leaving those words behind, Ellis then got into the car to head back. “Alright, it was just a small matter. Let’s return to the party and have some fun…”
Jake wanted to say something but knew it wasn’t the time to question it and immediately followed Ellis back.
After getting into the car, Ellis’s gaze stealthily shifted toward Keira.
Now what should he do?
He now owed this illegitimate daughter such a big favor. How could he help his uncle to protect Mrs. Olsen and teach Keira a lesson?
That was really too much!
A group of people quickly surrounded Ellis and left.
Keira, on the other hand, rode her horse alongside
Lewis on their way back.
The two of them rode side by side, chatting as they went along.
Lewis looked at her and suddenly asked, “You said you couldn’t ride horses.”
Keira immediately coughed and looked away evasively. “I didn’t say that. I just said horse riding was quite
fun…”
Lewis laughed, “Yeah, I was just a bit curious…”
“Curious about what?”
“I’m curious if there’s really anything my wife can’t do?”
Keira stiffened.
He called her “my wife”!
His voice was deep, and the two words he uttered were very magnetic as if something swept across her
heart…
Keira’s cheeks turned slightly red, and she smiled with a smirk. “There are still things I can’t do.”
“Like what?”
“Well, I can’t… pee standing up?”
Lewis was dumbfounded.
“Go!”
Keira turned her head back with a smile, raised an
eyebrow at him, then accelerated past the cars and ran toward the equestrian field.
Lewis watched her from behind, smiling indulgently, and sped up to chase after her…
Keira returned on horseback faster than they did by car.
After dismounting with a flourish, she tossed the reins to a staff member and walked over to the rest area, then picked up a bottle of water and began to drink.
After riding for around two hours, she was indeed a 
tired.
Just then, she saw Frankie rushing over with Rebecca.
Upon seeing her, Frankie immediately sighed in relief. “Rebecca insisted on coming over, so I went to the entrance to pick her up. When we came back, I heard that Ellis caused you trouble? Are you alright?”
“I’m fine.”
Keira looked toward Rebecca.
Rebecca had already run to her side and took her arm. “Miss Keira, do you want to continue playing?”
“I’m done playing,” Keira stretched out a bit. “I’m tired.”
“Then come with us. It’s dusty and boring here. Let’s go back now, brother. Mom and Dad are waiting for Miss Olsen!”
###Chapter 173 Photo
Chapter 173 Photo
Keira finished responding and then looked toward Frankie.
He looked into the distance and saw that Ellis and the others had also returned by car.
Frankie said, “I’m going to say goodbye to Ellis.”
In the distance.
Ellis hadn’t gotten out of the car yet when he spotted them. He raised his eyebrows slightly and asked, “Isla, does your illegitimate daughter actually know Frankie?”
The Allen family in Clance may not compare to the Olsen family but it still held a certain status.
Upon hearing this, Isla’s eyes flickered, and then she said, “Previously, Keira did Miss Rebecca Allen a small favor and became friends with her. It’s said that she has asked Mr. Allen for many favors. She established a company, and Mr. Allen gave her a lot of raw materials for free…”
Previously, Frankie had held up Keira’s raw materials,
and after the misunderstanding was cleared up, to compensate for the harm he had done her, he gave those raw materials as an apology gift without asking
for a cent.
Keira didn’t refuse.”
For people like them, money wasn’t the most important thing; favors were.
Being able to pay off what they owed with money was the most comfortable way.
However, Isla’s words made it very easy to give people the wrong impression.
Sure enough, someone who didn’t know the full story immediately said,
“She knew Miss Allen’s identity, so she helped her on purpose, right?”
“Of course, isn’t that obvious? Otherwise, why would she cling to the Allen family after just a small favor? How shameless can this woman be!”
“After all, she is an illegitimate daughter. She’s been watching us who live better lives since she was a kid and wants to leap over her class!”
“Suddenly, I think she’s so scheming. We all know that Frankie adores his sister. Rebecca is his Achilles’ heel, and this illegitimate daughter got to know Frankie through Rebecca. It’s terrifying to think when you think about it. It’s like she’s scheming step by step; isn’t she too calculating?”
“My god, I was wondering why this illegitimate daughter was desperate to save Mr. Ellis. It turns out she wanted him to owe her a favor!”
“She clung to the Allen family after just a small favor; Mr. Ellis, now that you’ve granted her a lifesaving favor, you better be careful!”
In the midst of the crowd’s discussion, Ellis frowned
He had just changed his opinion about Keira, and now he stumbled upon this affair.
He immediately darkened his face and let out a cold laugh.
After getting out of the car, he walked up to Frankie, Keira, and Rebecca.
Just then, a staff member from the equestrian field
Keira. “Mrs. Horton, we really owe you one today; if something had happened to Mr. Ellis at our equestrian field, none of us could have borne the consequences!”
Keira waved her hand. “It was just a helping hand.”
Rebecca, the “Keira fan,” upon hearing this, immediately exclaimed in amazement, “… You just saved Ellis? In the midst of horseback riding? I can’t believe I missed your moment of glory! But Ellis is very skilled in horseback riding. If your riding skills outshine his, you must be the best in Oceanion, right?”
Ellis burst into laughter upon hearing this, “Best in Oceanion? She’s just showy with no real skill, and just happened to see a thorn on the horse’s backside! Rebecca, are you that simple? You believe
whatever people say?”
Rebecca and Ellis were sworn enemies. At his words, she glared at him. “Then why didn’t you realize there was a thorn on the horse’s backside? Ellis, is it that hard to acknowledge someone else’s excellence?”
Ellis sneered. “Excellence? You must not have seen what truly impressive equestrian skills are like. I heard
THE horse trainer is in Oceanion; tonight, I’m going to meet my idol! Rebecca, being able to ride doesn’t mean you’re good at equestrianism!”
After saying that, he paused as he passed by Rebecca. “Also, here’s a piece of advice for you. Grow some brains, and don’t let that illegitimate daughter take advantage of you!”
Rebecca was dumbfounded.
She stamped her foot in anger.
Next to her, Frankie frowned, then, glancing at Isla in the crowd, he immediately understood something and said, “Ellis, I think this piece of advice suits you better! Grow some brains, and don’t let yourself be used by others! Some things aren’t as simple as they seem
the surface!”
Ellis immediately looked at him. “Frankie, everyone limits to how much they can spoil their sister. At least know who the legitimate heiress is and who the illegitimate daughter is. Is your sister confused between right and wrong? Do you think we’ll socialize with an illegitimate daughter? Are you kidding me? Lowering one’s status like that, you may enjoy it, but I
certainly don’t!”
“You…”
Rebecca pointed at him, anger evident in her gesture.
But Ellis didn’t say anything. He just cast a cold glance at Keira and left with the group of gentleman friends.
Keira looked down, silent the entire time.
When everyone had gone far away, she managed a
bitter smile.
Some things were determined from birth, and the label of “illegitimate daughter” might be something she could never rid herself of for her entire life.
If she married an ordinary person, others wouldn’ bring up her status all the time, but unfortunatel had married Lewis of a grand background…
“Ellis is simply too much! How can people be divided into classes? It’s infuriating!”
Rebecca stomped her foot in anger.
Keira took a deep breath and held Rebecca’s hand,
“Let’s not think about it anymore, weren’t we going to have dinner? What shall we eat tonight?”
Although Rebecca was outraged, she understood that the person who was probably hurting the most at the moment was Keira, so she quickly changed the subject. “Seafood, do you like it? Let’s have a seafood feast tonight.”
“Alright.”
Keira went to the changing room to change her clothes, then went out to greet Lewis, who had just stepped away to make a phone call.
She didn’t invite Lewis to join her for dinner with Mr. and Mrs. Allen because, for one, he was very busy, and for another, he cared a lot about the Allen family.
They said their goodbyes in the horse farm’s parking lot, and Keira and Rebecca took a ride in Frankie’s ca quickly arriving at the Allen residence.
Since Rebecca needed to undergo rehabilitation in Oceanion, and staying in the hospital was inconvenient, Frankie generously purchased a small villa here. By coincidence, this villa was in the
same. community as the Olsen family’s villa.
Keira took a distant glance at the Olsen residence before looking away.
She probably would never set foot in the Olsen residence again in her life.
The car soon stopped. The three of them got out and entered the house.
Mr. and Mrs. Allen were already waiting for them in the living room. Upon seeing the three of them,
Mr. Allen couldn’t help but complain to Frankie, “I told you to come back earlier. You just had to go to the horse farm! Otherwise, we could have chatted with
Keira at noon!”
Frankie bowed his head to take the scolding, not saying a word.
Mrs. Allen couldn’t bear it and intervened, “The peop from Clance came, so how could Frankie not be the You’re always in such a hurry… We’ve seen the photo and confirmed the speculation. Tell Keira right now!”
Upon hearing that, Mr. Allen looked at Frankie and reached out, “The photo, give it to me!”
Frankie passed the folder in his hand to Mr. Allen.
Mr. Allen immediately took out the photo and handed it to Keira. “Keira, take a look at the person in this photo. Don’t you resemble her?”
###Chapter 174 It's True
Chapter 174 It's True
Keira took the photo with a puzzled look and glanced at it. 
The photo clearly had some age to it, as the pixel quality wasn't very sharp, and it seemed a bit darker than a normal photo, perhaps due to wear and subsequent restoration. 
In the photo were a man and a woman, likely attending some kind of gala, with a rather lavish background and both dressed in formal evening wear. 
The young man was in his twenties and bore some resemblance to Frankie, leading Keira to immediately conclude that it was Mr. Allen. 
But the woman standing beside Mr. Allen made Keira's pupils constrict. 
The woman carried herself with grace. She was slender in form and exuded a sense of time with her presence. Due to the low resolution of the old photograph, she appeared to be only in her thirties, but Keira discerned from her expression that she had to be at least in her early forties. 
That wasn't the most important part; what mattered was that this person looked a lot like Keira! 
Not in demeanor, but in physical appearance! 
Keira clearly remembered her own facial features... 
When she was younger, every time guests visited the Olsen family, upon seeing Isla and her, they would subconsciously say she resembled Mrs. Olsen. 
But once they realized the two weren't mother and daughter, they would laugh it off, saying there was a resemblance in temperament, not in look. 
Therefore, Keira had stared at her own reflection in the mirror countless times. 
How she had wished, even if just one feature on her face was similar to Mrs. Olsen's! 
But there wasn't any similarity, not her eyes, her nose, or even her mouth... 
A feeling of disappointment gradually took root in Keira's heart. 
Yet, that also imprinted Mrs. Olsen's facial features deeply into her memory. 
The woman in the photo seemed like an older version of herself by ten or twenty years when the baby fat on her face was gone, and her features more defined and sculpted... 
If someone said this person wasn't related to her by blood, Keira wouldn't believe it! 
She looked at Mr. Allen with astonishment and asked, "Who is this?" 
Mr. Allen stroked his chin and frowned in thought for a moment, "That should be Lady South." 
Keira was startled, "Lady South?" 
"Yes." Mr. Allen knitted his brows, pondering carefully. "It's Mrs. Olsen's mother..." 
Mrs. Olsen's mother... Keira's mind seemed to explode. 
A strong, intense desire suddenly arose within her. If she looked so much like Mrs. Olsen's mother, could it be that she was Mrs. Olsen's daughter?! 
Keira swallowed hard, stunned in place. 
No, it couldn't be, could it...? 
She had fantasized countless times that Mrs. Olsen was her mother. Could it be that she'd fantasized so frequently, she was now hallucinating? 
She couldn't help but look at the old photo again and then pinched herself hard. 
That hurt... 
There was a sensation of pain. 
Rebecca, seeing this, couldn't help but rush over, blurting out, "Miss Keira, why are you pinching yourself? If you find it unbelievable, then, then..." 
Rebecca glanced around, then said, "Then pinch my brother! It hurts less than to pinch yourself!" 
Frankie was speechless. 
His brow twitched. 
Keira then looked anxiously again at Mr. Allen. "Uncle Allen, Aunt Allen, what do you mean by showing me this photo?" 
Mr. Allen clearly noticed Keira's agitated emotions, so he coughed and looked at Mrs. Allen. 
Mrs. Allen drew closer to her and said, "Keira, I know you're a smart kid, so I won't beat around the bush. I just want to ask you, have you ever suspected that you aren't the biological child of Poppy? She's so good to Isla yet so harsh on you, I really can't understand a mother's rationale for that." 
Keira frowned. 
How could she not have doubted it? 
But when she was taken away at the age of four, the police conducted a DNA test upon her return to ascertain her identity... 
No, that wasn't right. 
The DNA test was conducted using Poppy's sample, and it wasn't until after the results confirmed her as the mother that Poppy was allowed to take the child. 
But was that sample really Poppy's? 
Keira clenched her fists, "Mrs. Allen, what you mean is, actually, actually..." 
That speculation was a dream she couldn't realize for so many years, so when it came to this crucial moment, she found herself unable to speak it out loud... 
As she opened her mouth to speak, she heard Mrs. Allen sigh and take her hand. "Have you ever considered that maybe Mrs. Olsen is your mother?" 
"..." 
When Mrs. Allen voiced this response, Keira's tears began to fall uncontrollably. 
Mrs. Olsen was her mother... 
Was that possible? 
Surprise, panic, confusion, and other complex emotions suddenly crowded into her heart, leaving her feeling a mixture of emotions. 
This sudden happiness was almost too much to believe. 
She felt as if she were dreaming... 
"Ssss..." 
Suddenly, a low hiss came from beside her, and Keira turned to see Frankie frowning and holding his arm. 
Rebecca asked, "Frankie, does it hurt?" 
Frankie pulled a face, but looking into Keira's bewildered eyes, he pursed his lips and played along. "It hurts." 
"It's true." 
Rebecca moved closer to Keira, "Miss Keira, I assure you, everything right now is true." 
"..." 
Keira paused for a moment before breaking into a smile. 
But she still couldn't stop the tears... 
She lowered her head to wipe her tears. "Sorry, I lost my composure a bit." 
"Nonsense." 
Mr. Allen raised his voice, "What's this about? If we found out we'd been deceived, we'd definitely be more upset than you. Keira, don't think about it for now. Come and have some food with us. As it happens, the Olsen family lives in the same district. After dinner, your aunt and I will take you to the Olsen residence to clear things up..." 
Yet, Keira stood up abruptly. "I'm going now..." 
She took the photograph and walked straight out. 
Mr. Allen was stunned, "But you haven't eaten!" 
Mrs. Allen immediately smacked him, "I told you to discuss it after dinner, but you refused. Now that it's been spoken aloud, who cares about eating?! Tonight's seafood is going to waste!" 
As she spoke, she put on her coat and chased after Keira. 
Mr. Allen hesitated for a moment before following her. 
Rebecca also wanted to go, but Frankie held her hand back, "Stay at home; don't add to the chaos. I'll go have a look." 
Rebecca understood that this visit to the Olsen family might end in an argument, and obediently nodded. "Frankie, remember, don't let our Miss Keira be wronged or get hit!" 
"I know." 
Frankie replied impatiently and walked out the door. 
... 
The night in Oceanion had turned chilly. 
Keira still felt dazed as she stepped outside, but the cold breeze gradually brought back her reason. 
She looked ahead at the Olsen residence, tightened her jaw, and strode forward. 
For the first time, she raised her head and knocked on the door.
###Chapter 175 Return to the Olsen Residence
Chapter 175 Return to the Olsen Residence
As a child, Keira lived in a half-basement of the Olsen household, always looking up with longing and envy at the deep bond between Mrs. Olsen and Isla. 
And while she lived there, she could never lift her head. 
Every time she returned home from school and saw the main gate, she would almost subconsciously lower her head. 
After she left the Olsen family, she would occasionally sneak back, and as soon as she reached the doorway, she couldn't help but bow her head... 
The weight of her identity and the kindness of the Olsen family in raising her was so oppressive that she struggled to breathe and only wanted to keep her distance from this place. 
Today was the first time she knocked on the door so boldly. 
"Who is it?" 
The nanny's voice came through, followed by the opening of the railing door at the entrance. 
Upon seeing Keira, the nanny immediately showed a look of disdain. "What are you..." 
Yet, her gaze then fell on the several people behind Keira, and she hesitated slightly. "Mr. Allen, Mrs. Allen?" 
Since the Allen family had moved into the neighborhood, they had visited Mrs. Olsen before, so the nanny recognized them. 
Mr. and Mrs. Allen, along with Frankie, walked up briskly and stood behind Keira. 
Frankie said, "Could you please tell Mrs. Olsen that Miss Keira has come to visit and see if it's alright to see her?" 
The nanny dared not say anything more and merely bowed her head, hurrying toward the living room. 
Keira and the three members of the Allen family stood outside the door, unable to enter before receiving the host's permission... 
Keira felt a sense of urgency. 
Even in such cold weather, she found her palms beginning to sweat nervously. 
Her eyes, warm as blooming peach blossoms, were fixed on the Olsen residence's living room... 
Countless times, she had peered through that window, witnessing the happy family of three, while she remained an outsider. 
But today, Mrs. Olsen wasn't sitting on the living room sofa. 
Right now, she was probably dining, right? 
Keira was thinking when suddenly the sound of a vehicle approached from behind. 
Everyone turned around in unison, only to see a luxury car from the Horton family parked by the curb. Then the car door opened, and Isla got out of the passenger seat. 
Jake got out from the driver's side and immediately went around to the rear, opening the backseat door. 
Then, Ellis alighted from the car. 
After getting out, he didn't enter the Olsen residence right away but walked to the trunk of the car, opened it, and saw several gifts inside. 
Isla was still speaking politely. "Mr. Olsen, it's so kind of you to visit my mother. There's really no need to bring so many gifts; it's too formal." 
Ellis, however, wasn't putting on airs and simply said, "It's only proper not to come empty-handed when visiting an elder. Moreover, I've heard... I heard that Mrs. Olsen has suffered from a chronic cough over the years, so I specially brought some nourishing products to help with her lungs..." 
Isla wanted to say more, but Jake held her arm. "Take it easy, Isla. You're still pregnant, be careful." 
Isla's gaze darkened. 
When had Jake begun to show her such concern? 
She immediately glanced at Ellis. 
It must be Ellis's respectful attitude toward Mrs. Olsen that made Jake realize Mrs. Olsen had connections in Clance! 
The corners of her lips curved into a slight smile, and she nodded: "I know, Jake." 
The three of them turned around, and only then did they notice Keira and her company. 
Isla frowned upon seeing them, her chin tensed up. "Keira, what are you here for?" 
With the backing of Ellis, she went from addressing her as "Aunt" to Keira again. 
Keira ignored her and kept her gaze fixed on the Olsen residence. 
Jake immediately frowned upon seeing this. "Keira, Isla is speaking to you! How can you be so impolite?" 
Frankie then said, "Miss Olsen is in a bad mood right now, she probably doesn't have time to greet you." 
Jake was choked up, wanting to say something but not daring to say anything to Frankie. 
The look in Isla's eyes darkened. 
After marrying into the Horton family, she realized that Jake wasn't the best choice in the world! 
Her vision had been limited to Oceanion; so many people in Clance were more formidable than Jake. If she hadn't married Jake, maybe she could have relied on Mrs. Olsen's connections to marry into Clance... 
Ellis would have been a good choice! 
It was all the fault of Mrs. Olsen, that old stubborn woman, who never spoke of her past, causing her to make the wrong judgment. 
Isla's eyes harbored resentment toward Mrs. Olsen, and she tugged at Jake's arm, "Jake, let's not talk about it. Now that Keira has my uncle's support, and also the support of the Allen family, doesn't she get to enter the Olsen family as she wishes?" 
Jake's chin tensed, and his face darkened. 
Ellis, on the other hand, frowned and glanced at Keira. 
Wanting to say something, but seeing that something seemed off with Keira, and remembering how she had saved his life at the racetrack, he still managed to bite back his words, remaining silent. 
Seeing this, Isla clenched her fingers tight and suddenly lowered her gaze, sighing. "Keira, my mother hasn't been well lately. It's getting late; maybe you should leave. Come back next time, so you don't upset her..." 
Only then did Keira look straight at her. 
Thinking of the photograph with Lady South's face, which bore a lot of resemblance to her own, and then looking at Isla, she saw that Isla looked like Taylor, but Isla's face bore not a trace of either Mrs. Olsen or Lady South. 
The firmer her resolve became, the more everything seemed to point in that direction. 
Keira remained silent. 
Isla then lowered her gaze, "Keira, I'm begging you, could you not disturb my mother today?" 
Keira still said nothing. 
She was immersed in her own world, determined only to see Mrs. Olsen... 
Today, no one could stop her! 
Frankie spoke for her. "Miss Olsen wants to see Mrs. Olsen; they have things to discuss." 
Before really confirming the mother-daughter relationship with Mrs. Olsen, the matter of the photograph still needed to be approached cautiously. 
Upon seeing this, Isla turned to look pitifully at Ellis. 
Ellis couldn't hold back anymore and looked directly at Frankie. "Frankie, why are you protecting this illegitimate daughter so much?! Have you decided to aid and abet her here?" 
Frankie looked at him. "Ellis, the affairs of the Olsen family aren't as they appear. I advise you to mind your own business." 
Ellis sneered. "Mrs. Olsen's matters are my... they're my business, and I will meddle in this idle matter! Today, I have the say about the Olsen family's front gate; without Mrs. Olsen's permission, no one is getting in!!" 
He walked right up to Keira and said coldly, "Illegitimate daughter, you're not going to disturb Mrs. Olsen today! And you're certainly not going to upset her!" 
Keira frowned, looking at him. 
Frankie then said, "Ellis, I think you're mistaken. Miss Olsen and Mrs. Olsen have always had a good relationship; how could Mrs. Olsen possibly not want to see Miss Olsen? Besides, this is Miss Olsen's home!" 
As soon as he finished speaking, the nanny who had just entered hurriedly walked out.
###Chapter 176 Meet Mrs. Olsen
Chapter 176 Meet Mrs. Olsen
Keira had ignored the quarreling all along.
Upon seeing the nanny, her eyes lit up, and she directly bypassed Ellis, intending to enter.
Ellis frowned upon seeing this, blocking Keira’s path. “Hey, illegitimate daughter, I said you can’t come in!”
Keira paid him no mind, only looking at the nanny, “Did
Mrs. Olsen let us in?”
Her words took Ellis aback for a moment.
He had thought Keira had come to the Olsen family to show off since all illegitimate daughters generally didn’t get along with legitimate wives; they were naturally at odds.
Moreover, Isla had been instilling the image of Keira being a bully, relying on others’ power all day today, which made Ellis subconsciously believe Keira was
here to make trouble.
But at this moment, there was no sign of boasting on Keira’s face; her inquiring words were filled with an urgency to see Mrs. Olsen.
This emotion… didn’t seem right, did it?
Just as Ellis was contemplating this, he heard the nanny speak. “Mr. Olsen said that Mrs. Olsen had gone to sleep early today, so she won’t see you, Miss Keira. Please come back another day!”
Asleep?
Keira was startled. “Is Mrs. Olsen ill? Why would she sleep so early?”
Before the nanny could reply, Isla interjected. “Keira, how could my mother possibly go to sleep so early? That’s just an excuse. Can you stop lingering around
here?”
Keira then remembered that during the birthday banquet, Mrs. Olsen nearly fainted several times.
It seemed her health was getting worse.
Keira frowned and looked at the nanny. “What exactly is going on with Mrs. Olsen?”
The nanny was taken aback, “The lady is, she’s… fine. It’s just that Mr. and Mrs. Olsen are having dinner right now, and Mr. Olsen doesn’t want you to enter. He said every time he sees you, nothing good happens, and
the lady gets so worked up…
Upon hearing this, Keira breathed a sigh of relief.
It was good to hear that Mrs. Olsen was alright.
After thinking it over, she still said, “Tell Mrs. Olsen that I have something important to discuss with her and that I must see her today.”
The nanny frowned, wanting to say something, but seeing so many people at the door, she dared not speak and turned to go back inside.
Isla immediately played the victim. “Keira, you’re being too domineering. My mother has trouble sleeping at night; can you please not create a scene at our doorstep so late?!”
Jake stepped right up beside Isla, frowning angrily at Keira. “Don’t think just because you married my uncle and are now a senior, you can do as you please! Keira, Mrs. Olsen clearly doesn’t want to see you, don’t you get it? Can’t you stop making the elders angry here?!”
Keira calmly looked at them. “Mrs. Olsen didn’t say she didn’t want to see me.”
It was Taylor who had said it.
Her eyesight was very good; standing here, she could clearly see the dining area.
It was nighttime, and the darkness had descended outside, but the dining room was lit up, and she could see that once the nanny had entered, before she could even speak, Taylor frowned and approached her.
After they exchanged a few words, Taylor waved his hand and then followed her out.
The whole time, Mrs. Olsen, who was eating, had no idea Keira was there.
Taylor soon arrived at the doorstep, and upon seeing Isla and Jake, he appeared slightly startled. “Isla, why have you come back? Why are you standing at the door without coming inside?”
Isla glanced at Keira and began in a feigned manner. “Aren’t we waiting for the nanny to go and ask?”
“What nonsense is this? This is your home. Do you need to ask permission to come back to your own home? Young Mr. Horton, you all should come inside quickly…”
Taylor’s words made Isla look at Keira triumphantly.
The meaning in her gaze was clear. “This is my home,
where I can come and go as I please. And you are nothing!”
Keira clenched her jaw tightly and balled her fists.
After saying that, Taylor then noticed Ellis, and tentatively inquired, “And who might this be?”
Isla immediately explained. “Dad, this is the Mr. Olsen from the Clance Olsen family!”
Upon hearing the words “Olsen family,” Taylor’s pupils shrank slightly as his gaze fixed on Ellis, his eyes suddenly becoming brooding.
But it was just for a moment, and then he let out a wry smile. “The Clance Olsen family… It’s been over twent years since we’ve seen each other! Mr. Olsen is here visit Shirley, right? Come on in.”
Ellis nodded, and the group of people walked into the courtyard.
Keira followed them, prepared to enter as well.
But just as she set foot into the courtyard, Taylor’s angry rebuke came flying, “Ungrateful creature, who let you in?”
Keira stumbled in her steps, just as Taylor glared at her. “I’ve said before, the Olsen family doesn’t welcome you, and you’re not to appear in front of Shirley ever again! Shirley is currently eating. Seeing you would surely spoil her appetite!”
Keira’s face darkened. “I have something very important to tell Mrs. Olsen…”
“I told you, Shirley is not available!”
Taylor issued another command, “Now get out of here immediately!”
Keira’s chin tensed, ignoring Taylor, she took another step forward, “I said too, I need to see Mrs. Olsen…”
“You ungrateful creature!”
Taylor, infuriated, raised his hand, ready to strike dow hard on Keira when Mr. Allen stepped forward and spoke, “Mr. Olsen, Keira is a woman. How could you strike her?”
The Allen family was prominent and wealthy, and Taylor had to show them respect. Thus, upon hearing this, he could only lower his hand, and then he said with a frown, “Mr. Allen, what do you mean by this?
Ara vou truing to intirnidato me with your nowor?”
Mr. Allen sighed. “Keira has always been sensible. Today, she truly has something important to say.”
“Ha, her so-called important matter. Isn’t it just that she married Lewis Horton and has come home for her dowry? Let me tell you, everything in the Olsen family belongs to Shirley, and nothing here has the slightest relation to her! You can forget about a dowry. It’s not happening!”
Taylor stared darkly at Keira, “Don’t waste your efforts!
won’t let you see Shirley again either!”
Keira stepped forward again. “What if I insist on seeing her today?”
“You…!”
Taylor, so enraged he pointed at her and couldn’t speak, cursed her out.
Ellis, standing nearby, immediately said, “Hey, illegitimate daughter, don’t go too far! Even if you saved my life today, that’s a separate issue. I really can’t stand this anymore. If you dare to take another step,
I’m going to take action. I don’t have a policy against hitting women!”
With that Keirn took another aton forward
Ellis was dumbfounded.
He frowned, about to make a move on Keira, but suddenly, she flashed by him, caught hold of his shoulder, and took him for a turn.
Immediately after, Keira used him as if he were a revolving door, spinning him around twice before finally making her entrance.
“Ungrateful creature!”
Taylor shouted in anger.
Ellis also turned pale with rage, quickly following Keira
inside.
He was determined that if Mrs. Olsen showed even the slightest irritation, he would throw Keira out harshly He wouldn’t show the slightest bit of mercy!!
Ellis followed Keira through the door, and immediately he was stunned by the sight before him.
As soon as Keira entered, she headed straight for the dining room and saw the gentle Mrs. Olsen, surprised, looking toward the door. Upon seeing Keira, her eyes softened with tenderness, and she exclaimed with joy.
“Keira? What brings vou here?”
The tone and expression seemed not the least bit angry.
Ellis was dumbfounded.
Keira paid no attention to the thoughts of those behind her. Upon seeing Mrs. Olsen, she quickened her steps to her side. “Mrs. Olsen, I’m sorry to disturb your meal, but I’ve come today to show you a photo.”
After saying this, she handed the photo she was holding to Mrs. Olsen.
###Chapter 177 Recognition
Chapter 177 Recognition
Mrs. Olsen had suffered from poor sleep for many years, so when the villa of the Olsen family was being renovated, particular attention was paid to sound insulation.
Whether it was the living room or the bedroom, soundproofing cotton had been installed within the
walls.
Therefore, Mrs. Olsen didn’t hear any noise outside the door while she was dining.
Seeing so many people rush in at this moment, she was slightly startled.
Only after hearing Keira’s voice did she begin to look at the photo in her hands.
Keira was looking at her earnestly, her eyes full of expectation!
She knew that her actions today were somewhat impulsive, the best course would have been to do a stealthy DNA test with Mrs. Olsen first, then acknowledge each other…
But she couldn’t wait.
She looked so similar to Lady South in the photo,
almost as if they were cast from the same mold, so they must be blood-related!
Therefore, she was sure that she was Mrs. Olsen’s daughter…
Keira’s eyes were eager as she carefully watched Mrs.
Olsen.
Mrs. Olsen, upon seeing the photo, showed a trace of surprise on her face. She looked up at Keira, and then at Mr. Allen who had followed them in.
Mr. Allen spoke first. “Mrs. Olsen, do you find the person in this photo familiar?”
Mrs. Olsen’s expression was puzzled as she glanced again at Keira.
Her gaze slid back and forth between the photo and Keira, her brows slightly furrowed.
Mr. Allen once again probed. “Don’t you think Miss Olsen and the person in the photo should be blood- related?”
Mrs. Olsen frowned looked at Keira again, and after a
moment, cast her gaze downward, slowly saying, “The person in the photo and Keira do indeed look very
similar. Considering the age, Keira, is this your grandmother?”
Grandmother?
Keira immediately seized on the implication in Mrs. Olsen’s words and froze on the spot. “Mrs. Olsen, you, you don’t recognize the person in the photo?”
Mrs. Olsen looked perplexed and asked in return. “Should I recognize her?”
Keira turned, puzzled, to look at Mr. Allen.
Mr. Allen, clearly stunned by this turn of events, looked at Mrs. Olsen incredulously. “Isn’t this Lady South?”
Mrs. Olsen frowned immediately. “You mean my mother? No, it isn’t…”
Keira was instantly bewildered.
She felt as if she had been doused in cold water, extinguishing the hopeful flames that had just risen!
She looked dumbly back at Mr. Allen.
Mr. Allen was also flabbergasted, staring at the photo in disbelief. “This isn’t Lady South? How can it not be Lady South?”
Mrs. Olsen gave a bitter smile. “How could I possibly not recognize my own mother? This definitely is not my mother.”
Aunt South, who stood by her side, quickly stepped forward to glance at the photo and shook her head. “This isn’t our Lady South. She has a red mole between her eyebrows.”
Mr. Allen was astounded, looked down at the photo, then back up at Mrs. Olsen.
Mrs. Olsen and the woman in the photo didn’t look
alike at all…
He frowned tightly. “What’s going on here?”
Mrs. Allen immediately stepped forward, grabbed his arm, and pinched it hard. “You couldn’t possibly have remembered the wrong person, could you?”
Mr. Allen was taken aback.
Mrs. Allen looked puzzled at Keira. “Keira, even if this person isn’t Lady South, there must be some relation
to you. Could she be your paternal grandmother? Or possibly your great-grandmother?”
Otherwise, they couldn’t possibly look so similar!
Mr. Allen immediately tugged at her. “What nonsense are you talking about? Keira’s father is Mr. Olsen!”
Mrs. Allen then realized she had misspoken.
She glanced subconsciously at Taylor, then at Keira, and suddenly leaned into Mr. Allen, whispering, “Don’t you find it strange? Keira also doesn’t look like Taylor…”
“Shh…”
At this point, both were a little afraid to speak, considering the major blunder they had caused.
Keira dumbly watched Mrs. Allen, her chin tightened, not saying a word.
Mrs. Olsen looked at the photo again.
The woman in the photo, who looked very similar to Keira, gave her an inexplicably familiar feeling, but she couldn’t recall where she had seen her before.
Life in Clance was all over twenty years ago…
Mrs. Olsen lowered her gaze and handed the photo back to Keira, just about to say something, when she suddenly noticed Ellis standing beside her; the
moment she saw him, Mrs. Olsen was slightly startled. “You are?”
Ellis stepped forward immediately, “Mrs. Olsen, I am Ellis Olsen from the Clance Olsen family. My third uncle sent me to extend his greetings to you on his behalf.”
Third Uncle, Olsen…
Mrs. Olsen swayed, almost losing her balance, but she was steadied just in time by Aunt South.
She looked at Ellis with astonishment, her eyes suddenly becoming a bit hazy.
As if looking through him, she saw his uncle… the man who masterminded everything with great strategy.
Mrs. Olsen’s complexion turned two shades paler.
“Shirley…”
The call from Taylor brought her back to her senses.
Mrs. Olsen tightened her jaw, took a deep breath, and asked almost frantically. “Why have you come?”
Ellis responded with a smile. “You invited the son of the Hill family to Oceanion for a visit. When my third uncle found out, he sent me along to have some fun… Mrs. Olsen, are you well-acquainted with my third uncle?”
Ellis carefully observed Mrs. Olsen.
His third uncle, a man who had never married, with a peculiar temperament and significant influence, was the current head of the Clance Olsen family.
Therefore, he had no choice but to heed his uncle’s
words.
In his entire life, Ellis’s third uncle had kept his distance from other women, but he specifically instructed Ellis to greet Mrs. Olsen and casually chec if she was doing well.
What relationship did the two have?
As Ellis pondered this, he saw Mrs. Olsen’s face turn slightly pale, yet she quickly regained her composure and said indifferently, “I only have a casual
acquaintance with your third uncle.”
Her fingers clenched tightly inside her sleeve.
Taylor’s gaze fell on Isla; he then looked down and said lightly, “Mr. Olsen, while you’re here in Oceanion, let Isla show you around.”
As soon as these words were spoken, Mrs. Olsen tensed up immediately, glancing at Taylor.
Taylor forced a smile, leaned closer to her, and whispered in a voice only the two of them could hear. “Shirley, let Isla and her cousin spend some time together to foster a relationship…”
Mrs. Olsen’s fingers unconsciously clenched tighter as memories of a night more than twenty years ago, when she and Ellis’s third uncle lost control, flashed through her mind…
Afterward, she found herself pregnant, so she fled Clance and came to Oceanion with Taylor, where she gave birth to Isla.
Her complexion grew increasingly pale, and she almost fainted…
Taylor immediately said, “Mr. Olsen, Mr. Allen, Shirley isn’t in good health today, so we won’t be able to entertain everyone any longer!”
Ellic looked at Mro. Olgen with confusion and ranliad
“Alright.”
Isla and Jake stayed behind while the rest of the
visitors made their way out.
Keira turned around in a daze, ready to leave with Mr.
Allen.
She felt like a joke.
The thing her heart yearned for never responded; it was all just wishful thinking.
She lowered her head and walked toward the door…
Mr. Allen, full of guilt, felt that he had been too hasty. How could he have mistaken the person?
He hesitated, wanting to apologize, but he didn’t kn what to say…
Mrs. Olsen watched them.
As the group headed out, Ellis unintentionally stood next to Keira, walking side by side. His pretty eyes made Mrs. Olsen to space out momentarily.
Then suddenly, Mrs. Olsen remembered something… She remembered.
The woman in the nhata who looked almost avantly
like Keira was Ellis’s third uncle’s mother in Clance!
Ellis’s grandmother!
But how could this be?
Mrs. Olsen’s pupils slowly contracted as she
unbelievingly looked toward Keira!!
Today, Aunt South had shown her the DNA test report of Keira and Taylor. Indeed, Keira wasn’t Taylor’s daughter…
This had already puzzled her
She didn’t understand; the amniocentesis for the child in Poppy Hill’s womb had been compared with Taylor’s DNA, confirming paternity, so why was the child born
not his?
Could it be that Poppy had tampered with the DNA?
But at this moment, she suddenly understood!
Keira looked like Ellis’s grandmother because his third uncle was Keira’s father! The third uncle’s mother was Keira’s grandmother!!
…Keira was her and the third uncle’s daughter!!
###Chapter 178 Keira, Don’t Go
Chapter 178 Keira, Don’t Go
Mrs. Olsen’s pupils contracted. ”
She stared at Keira from behind, saying, “…Keira!”
Keira, who was walking away, halted in her tracks, turned around, and looked at Mrs. Olsen with
confusion.
Mrs. Olsen’s mouth trembled as she looked at her.
Her mind was filled with memories of the young Keira hiding in a corner, secretly watching her.
She had seen her every time…
But because of Isla, and because of Keira’s special identity, she had never approached the little girl.
She had witnessed Poppy beating Keira countless times, and each time she stopped herself from intervening, only stepping in to help when Keira’s life. was in danger and she couldn’t bear to watch any longer.
She had always held an inexplicable fondness for Keira, thinking it was because Taylor was good to Isla, so she wanted to be good to Taylors daughter…
But she had always suppressed this fondness, afraid of making Isla jealous or sad.
But as it turned out, Keira was her daughter!
At this moment, all the scenes of Poppy abusing Keira flashed through her mind like a passing glance…
She thought of how the newborn Keira nearly starved to death in the room, and it was she who found her in time and fed her a few mouthfuls of milk…
The tiny infant had grasped her finger, her softness instantly melting Mrs. Olsen’s heart.
From then on, she couldn’t harbor any resentment
toward the child.
Poppy had hung her head low, playing the obedient part, claiming she couldn’t produce enough milk and the baby was allergic to formula.
Mrs. Olsen had believed it to be true and even bought
goat milk formula.
Later on, Keira had always been skinny and weak, rummaging through the trash for food. When Taylor told her to ignore this illegitimate daughter, she couldn’t stand it and gave Keira the leftover cake that
was bought for Isla.
She began leaving snacks regularly on the stone table in the park behind their house.
Keira grew up on those snacks!
When Isla was three years old, as she took her to the international bilingual kindergarten, she could always feel a pair of longing eyes from the half-window of the basement watching them.
But she had paid them no heed…
It wasn’t until Isla started elementary school that Mrs. Olsen casually helped Keira enroll.
From then on, Poppy began instructing Keira daily to follow Isla around as a little attendant, saying it was repay the Olsen family’s kindness. 
Mrs. Olsen had never thought about any repayment; when she helped Keira, it was just because she felt the child was pitiable.
She had always felt that she had done her duty by Keira.
Each time, outside of the time she spent educating Isla, she would speak a few more words to Keira and
found the child exceptionally intelligent.
She remembered when Keira was in first grade, she came first in the entire grade and returned home with her report card, not daring to say a word.
Isla had seen it and was so jealous that she started to cry.
The little girl didn’t know how to hide her feelings. Isla cried so sadly and asked her, “Mommy, am I not even as good as an illegitimate daughter?”
At the time, Mrs. Olsen had only urged her to work harder.
So later, when she saw Poppy hitting Keira and forbade the girl to come first anymore, Mrs. Olsen saw it and even wanted to intervene, but remembering Isla’s tearful face, like that of a crying kitten, she ultimatel swallowed her words.
And then…
When Keira needed to move out for middle school, Mrs. Olsen was actually in favor of it.
She didn’t want Keira to continue staying there, caught between heartache and helplessness, their natural status opposition leaving her unsure of how to
face Keira.
And then what?
After Keira left, Mrs. Olsen found herself with an
added worry.
She didn’t understand why the girl’s departure stirred her emotions so much; all she thought about was the day Keira might come back to see her.
She had even dreamt over those years, dreaming that Keira was calling her “Mommy”…
Over the years, she had had no news from Keira.
She wanted to send someone to inquire about her but feared that Isla would be jealous and create a commotion, so she had been restraining herself…
Every time she asked Poppy, her response was always! “Why should you care about that ungrateful wretch?”
Mrs. Olsen had always been baffled as to why Poppy was so unkind to Keira.
Keira was once kidnapped by human traffickers when she was four years old; at that time, Poppy said, “It’s just a girl; if she’s gone, she’s gone. She’s not worth
anything.”
She was cold-blooded and selfish!
But now she finally understood, how could there
possibly be a mother in the world who really hated her own child?!
The reason Poppy was unkind to her was because Poppy wasn’t her mother!
She was!
Mrs. Olsen thought of this, and her eyes filled with
tears!
Keira noticed her agitated emotions, came over, and asked, “Mrs. Olsen, what’s wrong? Is there something you’d like to tell me?”
Is there something she wanted to say?
Mrs. Olsen felt like she had so much to say, to apologize, to acknowledge that she’d ignored her pas suffering, to admit that her negligence led to Keira enduring many years of hardship…
But all the words ultimately got stuck in her throat.
Just then, there was noise at the door.
entered, and as usual, she was meek, but upon seeing Keira, her expression turned to disgust. “Little slut, who allowed you to come to the Olsen’s? Are you here to pester Jake again? Let me tell you, Miss Isla is the true Miss Olsen, and you’re an illegitimate daughter. You’re nothing! Don’t think just because you married into the Horton family you can do whatever you please! You owe the Olsen family for raising you, and you’ll never be able to repay that debt in your lifetime!”
These words from Poppy caused Mrs. Olsen to tremble with rage.
All she could hear was the scolding Poppy had directed at Keira over the past few years, which she had
occasionally overheard.
“You are an illegitimate daughter, know your plac Miss Isla is your benefactor, and you must always your head before her!
“Little bitch, you dare glare at Miss Isla? You are nothing compared to her!
“Miss Isla was born a lofty fairy, while you only deserve to live in the basement! The gutter!”
Mrs. Olsen felt a surge of anger welling up inside her, and her gaze toward Poppy was murderous!
Poppy had switched their daughters.
And she had pampered and adored Isla, placing her on a pedestal from a young age.
But what about her Keira?!
Her Keira had been thrust into hell, a hell that she and Poppy had together created! A hell from which her
Keira could never escape!
Mrs. Olsen closed her eyes.
She tried hard to calm her breathing…
Keira, seeing her strange behavior, asked, “Mrs. Olse what on earth is the matter?
Taylor shouted angrily, “Poppy, who let you in? You’ve agitated Shirley, and I’ll never let you off the hook for this! Take your troublesome daughter and get out! Shirley, how are you feeling?”
Poppy lowered her head, went over to Keira, and tugged at her, “What are you doing here again? You’ve
made your father furious, and now I’m going to get thrown out because of you… You ungrateful wretch, you’re of no help at all, only causing me trouble day!”
Keira’s face tensed.
She gave a bitter smile.
Indeed, what right did she have to come here?
every
She turned around quietly, intending to leave with Poppy, but as soon as she turned, her arm was grasped by someone.
Keira paused slightly, turned her head, and saw that it was Mrs. Olsen.
Mrs. Olsen had by then already opened her eyes, with tears falling before words could follow…
Two lines of uncontrollable tears slowly trailed down her cheeks, and she gripped Keira’s hand tightly, trembling. “Keira, don’t go!…
###Chapter 179 Regret and Hate
Chapter 179 Regret and Hate
Keira felt Mrs. Olsen trembling slightly, with her overall mood also seeming very off.
She immediately took Mrs. Olsen's hand/ “I haven’t left, Mrs. Olsen, what's wrong?”
Taylor also supported Mrs. Olsen’s shoulders, asking anxiously, “Shirley, talk to me, what happened?” Mrs. Olsen looked at Taylor, then pointed at Keira; her mouth opened and closed.
Taylor instantly said, “Speak, I’m listening...”
Mrs. Olsen then slowly began to speak, “Taylor, Keira...”
“Did Keira upset you? Shirley, what is really going on with you? Don’t scare me!” Taylor's voice trembled, hi entire demeanor became so anxious his face turned
pale.
At that moment, Mrs. Olsen was suddenly overcome by a rush of anger and spat out a mouthful of blood, then her body went limp; she closed her eyes and fainted!
“Shirley!!”
Taylor cried out in alarm, immediately picking her up. “Quickly, call an ambulance!” Aunt South, who was beside them, panicked and grabbed her phone, making the call.
Taylor had already laid Mrs. Olsen down on the sofa; his eyes bloodshot, he clenched his fists and, trembling, placed his fingers near Mrs. Olsen’s nose.
After sensing Mrs. Olsen’s faint breathing, he breathed a sigh of relief and then tried to suppress his own fear by continuously whispering in her ear.
“Shirley, Shirley, don’t scare me, if you just leave like this, | won't be able to live either!” His appearance greatly moved everyone.
Isla caught sight of the scene and frowned.
Jake looked anxiously outside as if waiting for the
arrival of the ambulance.
Poppy stood in the corner, her eyes dark and gloomy as she watched Mrs. Olsen with a crazed expression; she quietly stepped forward and asked, “Is Mrs. Olsen
not going to make it? Her health is so poor. 05:29 11. 2/9 < 179 Regret and Hate “Slap!”
Taylor slapped her fiercely across the face, knocking Poppy to the ground. “Shut your mouth! If Shirley isn’t going to make it, I'll have you buried with her!!”
Poppy's face stung, and she could see stars. She crouched on the ground, wanting to cry out something, but was frightened instead by the madness in Taylor’s eyes.
She stuttered, “Taylor, in front of the children, how could you hit me...”
Isla took a step forward. “Dad, calm down, you...”
The words behind were not yet finished when Taylor’s fierce gaze turned towards her, startling Isla. Isla didn’t dare to speak.
After Taylor's gaze lingered on her for a moment, it fell on Keira; he cursed, “Ungrateful creature, I’ve told you countless times not to come to the Olsen residence
again. Every arrival of yours worsens Shirley's condition; do you want to kill her before you’re satisfied?”
Keira’s mouth opened and closed as she tried to say
something, her gaze falling on Mrs. Olsen lying on the
sofa.
Mrs. Olsen hadn’t had an episode since taking the medicine Keira had prepared...
But indeed, every time she came over, it would agitate Mrs. Olsen and cause her to faint. She bowed her head, clenching her fists tightly.
Frankie, catching sight of her demeanor, couldn't help but say, “Mr. Olsen, Miss Keira hasn’t done anything this evening. Why take it out on her?”
“Take it out?” Taylor was usually very polite to Frankie, considering the Olsen family wasn’t anything significant compared to the Allen family.
But in that moment, he seemed a little crazed, and he spoke without any politeness. “She hasn’t done anything, but her very existence is a mistake!! If it hadn’t been for her, why would | have let Poppy into the house?! That old bitch schemed against me, and I'll never acknowledge her!
“She relied on Keira to soften Shirley’s heart and to stay... So, Keira, your birth is the original sin! You’re unforgivable!!” 09:29
The words that Taylor roared out silenced the entire
room.
Keira stared at him blankly.
Her interactions with Taylor had always been scarce. When she was little, Taylor wouldn't even glance at her. Later, when they occasionally met as she grew older, they acted like strangers.
Taylor only had eyes for Mrs. Olsen and Isla.
But she hadn’t expected that this was what he thought
too...
The words Poppy had said to her from childhood suddenly resurfaced in her ears.
“Acostly mistake, little slut, do you think | would have stayed with the Olsen family as a nanny if it weren't f you?
“Hahaha, it was all because of you that Mrs. Olsen reluctantly took me in... So, do you think anyone in this family would welcome you?
“Why don’t you just die? If you died, there would be no problems! Your existence is a symbol of shame for Taylor!”
Those brainwashing words that had always kept her from raising her head now echoed over and over in her ears, giving Keira a sudden headache.
She covered her ears, but those voices penetrated through every opening... It was her fault... It was always her appearance that led to Mrs. Olsen fainting in agitation... The ambulance arrived quickly.
Keira followed behind the group, dazed, as she watched Taylor get into the ambulance. She took a step forward only to be harshly pushed aside.
The ambulance doors shut, and the vehicle, sirens blaring, drove off into the distance.
Keira took two steps forward instinctively, only to s Isla standing in front of her, her eyes filled with mali “Keira, didn’t you hear what my dad just said? Stay away from my mom! Don’t ever show up in front of her again!”
After dropping those harsh words, Isla joined Jake in the car and chased after the ambulance. 09:29
Ellis also glared at Keira, looking like he wanted to say something. Seeing that her expression was off, however, he held back the vicious words and drove off to follow the others.
His uncle had specifically instructed him to see what was going on with Mrs. Olsen, so he had to go and find out.
After they all left, Frankie looked at the frail girl in front of him, aRStto ask if s wanted 1gStogéther whelt suddenly, a car sped towards them. 
It screeched to a halt beside them. The car door opened, and Lewis got out, walked straight to Keira, and put his arm around her shoulders. “Get in.”
Keira got into the car dumbly, and the vehicle immediately starte UB (1) leaving the threerhdhtbers the Allen family standing there, looking at each othe 
in confusion.
Lewis had come to take Keira home but had found out after arriving at the Allen's that she had gone to the Olcon residence nromnting him to hurry over
He glanced at the girl beside him.
She had been quiet all along, but beneath that silent facade was a heart filled with panic and unrest. Perhaps sensing his gaze, Keira suddenly looked at him, “Mrs. Olsen... won't die, right?”
Keira was genuinely scared.
Mrs. Olsen lay on the sofa without any chest movement and looked as though she had stopped breathing...
Regardless of whether Mrs. Olsen
was her mother or not, she dieing,
care areeneyei She YotrWwanted Mrs. Olser\ to stay alive, to smile at her again... 
Lewis was taken aback and at a loss for how to respond to her question for a moment.
He quickly took Keira’s hand, noticing for the first tim how cold it felt, and reassured her. “She won't die, Mrs. Olsen will be alright.”
With that promise, they arrived at the hospital.
Keira’s legs went weak, and she followed Lewis swiftly to the outside of the emergency room. 8/9
Outside the operating room, everyone was waiting
there.
Taylor was staring at the operating room door, his face ashen.
No one knew how much time had passed, but finally, the light inside the operating room went out, the door opened, and the doctor came out.
Seeing this, Keira’s heart leaped inside her chest.
###Chapter 180 Return
Chapter 180 Return
The doctor’s expression was grave as his gaze swept over everyone present before he asked a question, “Who’s the family member of the patient?”
“Me!”
Taylor stepped forward.
He stared at the doctor’s face and asked, “How is my wife?”
Hearing this, the doctor turned toward him. “She’s not
in critical condition now.”
Upon hearing this, Keira relaxed, but her hands unconsciously began to tremble.
“Dad!”
Suddenly, hearing Isla’s cry of alarm, Keira looked up just to discover that Taylor had collapsed onto the floor.
It seemed that he had been extremely tense, and having heard the doctor’s words, he completely relaxed.
While Isla and Jake tried to help him up, Taylor waved his hand. “I’m fine.”
His entire demeanor was like that of someone who had just taken a walk through hell, and now he finally
resumed the comportment of the Olsen family’s head of the household.
He stayed seated on the floor and looked up at the doctor. His voice was still shaky, and he seemed somewhat frightened. “What happened to my wife? Why was she coughing up blood? Is it serious…”
“She was agitated, causing a sudden spike in blood pressure, which led to the rupture of a blood vessel and the vomiting of blood. You got her to the hospital in time, and there’s no major issue, but the patient will need to keep her emotions stable and avoid further stimulation in the future.”
After giving his instructions, the doctor turned and opened the door of the operating room, and a nurse
wheeled out a stretcher.
Taylor immediately got up from the floor and
approached the stretcher, holding Mrs. Olsen’s hand tightly.
Burying his head in Mrs. Olsen’s hospital bed, tears rolled down his cheeks; he exuded a sense of relief as though he had escaped death, “Shirley, you nearly scared me to death…”
“Just transfer her to a regular ward; the patient isn’t in danger anymore.”
After giving this instruction, the doctor and a crowd of people surrounded the stretcher, proceeding toward the regular ward.
Keira followed them from a distance, her eyes slightly red by now.
Once Mrs. Olsen had been wheeled into the ward, Isla and Jake finally turned their gaze sharply toward her.
Isla rushed over, accusing her, “Keira, how shameless can you be? You’ve harassed my mom to that point, so what are you doing here?!”
Keira didn’t speak.
But Lewis stood in front of her, his tone loaded with warning as he began, “Isla!”
Just hearing her name made Isla shiver.
However her gaze quickly fell upon Ellis. who was
standing nearby, and she immediately said, “Uncle, even if you intend to discipline me according to family law today, I must say this! If it weren’t for her insisting on entering our house tonight and seeing my mom, how could my mom end up like this? This whole incident is because of her!”
Lewis frowned upon hearing this. “Shut up!”
Isla put on an aggrieved face, and as expected, in the next moment, Ellis interjected. “Lewis, you really can’t tell right from wrong, can you? Now I see how you abuse your power here. I never thought you could be such a person!”
Lewis looked at him coldly. “What kind of person I am is none of your business.”
Ellis laughed derisively. “But if you try to bully the person I’m protecting, then it becomes my business! Lewis, you should know, not everyone here is easy to
provoke!”
He pointed toward the ward, fuming, “I’ve seen everything tonight. From start to finish, it was Keira who insisted on entering to show Mrs. Olsen some damned photo, then her mom, that shameless.
mistress, barged in to provoke Mrs. Olsen. That’s why this happened! With me here, it’s not your place to
bully the Olsen family!”
Only then did Lewis understand why Keira went to the Olsen house.
The Olsen family had always been an unspoken pain in Keira’s heart; she hardly ever visited unless necessary.
Today was supposed to be a visit to the Allen family to see a photo, but instead, she ended up taking the photo to the Olsen family… There must be something going on.
However, he didn’t ask right away but looked down at her and said, “Keira, you haven’t had dinner yet, have you? Let’s have something to eat.”
Keira nodded nonchalantly.
After descending the stairs, they found a random restaurant near the hospital.
Lewis ordered a portion of porridge for her and didn’t order anything else.
Keira stirred the porridge with a spoon, her eyes downcast the entire time, exuding an air of disappointment.
Lewis thought back to when he first met her. The girl with those cunning, pretty eyes called him husband, and how she appeared before him later with various identities, always with a hint of playfulness.
She was like a little sun, forcibly barging into his life.
When had he ever seen his little sun so downcast?
Lewis couldn’t help but ask, “What photo did you look at tonight?”
Only then did Keira realize that she had been clutching that old photo in her left hand the whole time. She looked up and handed the photo to Lewis.
Upon seeing the person in the photo, Lewis was also slightly taken aback, and after a moment of silence, he spoke. “Your mother, Poppy, I’ve already investigated her. She and your uncle Finley’s mother don’t look like this… so this must be your paternal grandmother.”
Keira kept her head down, silent.
Lewis then said, “Last time you found out you weren’t Taylor’s daughter, Poppy said she didn’t know who your father was either. Looking at the photo, this
woman is dressed in luxury, and that’s Mr. Allen beside her, so she must be from Clance…”
He paused there, then suddenly asked, “Keira, who would’ve thought you turned out to be a lost heiress from a wealthy and noble family? If you get
acknowledged and taken back, you won’t look down on the Horton family for being of inferior social status and not worthy of you, will you?”
Keira slowly lifted her head.
He spoke unhurriedly, and his tone had a lightness to it; his deep, magnetic voice calmed her unconsciously.
At last, reason began to return slowly.
Just as she was about to say something, a snicker from Ellis came from the side. “Pfff, Lewis, the powerful and influential in Clance, the families who could look down on you, are just our few great families. What a joke you’re making. Keira, as an illegitimate daughter, where could she get such a high-born background?”
They slowly turned their heads and saw Ellis lounging at a table next to theirs. “I’m familiar with everyone from Clance. Let me see the photo; I’m sure I’ll recognize the person.”
He was curious about which photo had caused such a big emotional fluctuation in Mrs. Olsen.
Upon hearing this, Lewis hesitated for a moment.
Ellis was born and raised in Clance; perhaps he would really recognize the person…
Lewis passed the photo to Ellis.
Before Ellis could look at it, he heard Keira ask, “Has
Mrs. Olsen awoken?”
Ellis replied, “She should wake up soon. The doctor just said it would be about half an hour.”
No sooner had these words fallen than Keira stood up abruptly, her eyes regaining clarity, and her face shedding the weakness of moments before, as she said to Lewis, “Mr. Horton, Mrs. Olsen held onto my hand before she fainted, telling me not to go. She must h something to tell me; I want her to see me the mom she wakes up.”
Understanding her meaning, Lewis immediately said, “Okay, I’ll make the arrangements.”
Keira no longer wished to eat and stood up to leave.
Lewis quickly followed after her.
Ellis frowned at the conversation between the two, then lowered his head to look at the photo in his hand…
###Chapter 181 Confrontation
Chapter 181 Confrontation
Ellis looked at the photo in his hand. 
Just as he was about to get a clear view, Lewis suddenly snatched the photo away from his hand and chased after Keira as she left the room. 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
Watching Lewis from behind, Ellis was dumbfounded before he couldn't help but smile. "What was that? He asks for my help and still acts so arrogantly as if I would bother with other people's business!" 
After finishing his thought, he silently sighed. 
Back when he was studying abroad, he had noticed that there was something extraordinary about Lewis. 
Lewis had an exceptional IQ and could grasp everything at once. After Ellis told his third uncle about it, his uncle asked him to mingle with smart people like Lewis and learn from them. 
As if Lewis was better than him. 
Ellis had always been unconvinced, and when he graduated from his studies abroad, his uncle even told him that if he couldn't become close friends, or "bros", with Lewis, then he should consider arranging a marriage alliance. 
Unfortunately, with his third uncle in charge at home, and Ellis's father and other uncles only having sons, he had no female cousins to offer for the alliance. 
So, Ellis and his uncle searched among the collateral branches and picked out two girls who were both pretty and competent. They were then adopted under Ellis's eldest uncle's name, hoping that Lewis would take a liking to one of them. 
But when Ellis made this suggestion, Lewis outright rejected it!! 
Did this damn man not take the Clance Olsen family seriously at all? 
Dissatisfied, Ellis took a couple of bites of his pasta when his phone vibrated. 
He glanced at it and saw a WhatsApp message from his third uncle. "You visited Mrs. Olsen tonight. How is she?" 
Ellis didn't know what to say. 
He dared not say that Mrs. Olsen had fainted in front of him from anger. His uncle would scold him for being useless! 
Recalling the direction in which Lewis and Keira had left, Ellis couldn't help but put down his fork and then got up and walk toward the hospital. 
... 
Keira's expression returned to its usual coldness, and her thoughts slowly calmed down. 
When she briskly entered the hospital, four black-clad bodyguards, handpicked for their loyalty to Lewis, were already standing at the entrance. 
All four had their hands behind their backs, each looking strong and formidable, not something ordinary security could match. 
Upon seeing her, they immediately stood up straight and respectfully said, "Good evening, Mrs. Horton." 
... 
Keira twitched the corners of her mouth and gave a light cough when she heard Lewis's deep voice from behind her. "All four have a special forces background. They'll ensure that Mrs. Olsen has access to whomever she wishes to see." 
Keira nodded and led the way. 
Lewis followed half a step behind her. 
The four bodyguards were surprised at this and exchanged glances. 
After so many years following their boss, Lewis had always been the man at the top, the one to walk in front. When had he ever stepped aside for anyone? 
This made the four of them immediately understand Keira's significance to Lewis. 
They watched Keira from behind, their eyes filled with even more respect, as they followed closely behind Lewis. 
The six of them made their way mightily to the hospital room. 
Lewis had arranged for Mrs. Olsen to stay in the VIP ward, which consisted of a bedroom and a living room. 
At that moment, Isla and Jake were sitting in the living room. They had ordered takeout and were having dinner. 
When Keira entered, Jake was anxiously looking at the bedroom. "Can my father-in-law manage without eating anything?" 
Upon hearing this, Isla sighed. "Dad is too worried about Mom. I guess he won't eat anything until Mom wakes up..." 
Hearing this, Jake thought of his parents' relationship at home, of his mother waiting anxiously every day with the hope that Dad would stay home and not go to that other woman. 
And each night that Dad stayed was a feast for Mom. 
Lowering his eyes, he couldn't help but say, "Taylor loves your mother so much..." 
"Yeah," Isla's eyes were welled with tears. "Dad is also the most affectionate man I've ever seen." 
Hearing this, a sense of guilt suddenly surged in Jake's heart, and he swiftly took her hand. "Isla, don't worry. I'll learn from my father-in-law in the future." 
Perhaps moved by the sight of Taylor, or perhaps finally realizing that it was inappropriate to keep thinking about Keira, he let out a wry smile. "I was wrong before. I liked Keira for four years and couldn't let go for a while..." 
Isla then said, "It's okay, Jake, I don't mind. Even a man like Dad has made mistakes. As a child, I always felt that my parents were the most loving couple in the world. But whenever I saw Keira and her mom, I knew that there has always been an insurmountable gulf between my parents, an irreparable crack..." 
At this point, Jake wrapped his arm around her shoulders, his eyes showing a hint of hatred. "Illegitimate daughters and the like are the most abhorrent and despicable!" 
Isla nodded in agreement. 
As the two were talking, the door was pushed open, and Keira walked in. 
Upon seeing her, Isla immediately frowned. 
Jake also abruptly stood up. Noticing Isla's complete rejection and the budding guilt within him, he stepped in front of Isla and rebuked Keira. "Keira, what are you doing here? Haven't you caused enough chaos for the Olsen family?!" 
Isla, with reddened eyes, also cried out, "Uncle, I'm begging you! I know you want to defend your wife, but my mom really can't be agitated... You all heard what the doctor just said. She had a fit of rage! She's about to wake up. Can't you stop bothering her?!" 
Keira looked at her calmly. "I didn't mean to disturb Mrs. Olsen. Right before she fainted, she obviously had something to tell me. If Mrs. Olsen wakes up and says even a word for me to leave, I will go right away." 
But Isla scoffed. "We don't need to wait for my mom to wake up. She's my mom! What I say goes. I want you to leave now!" 
Jake immediately stood in front of Isla. "That's right, Uncle, Keira, no matter what you do today, you're not getting through this door!" 
Isla instantly looked at him appreciatively, bowing her head she said in a plaintive tone. "Jake, thank you." 
"We are husband and wife; there's no need for such formalities." 
At that moment, Jake felt full of power in his chest, like he was a real man. 
Keira, unaccustomed to indulging them, immediately waved her hand. 
The four burly men in black outside the room promptly entered, one of them grabbing Jake and holding him to the side as if he were a chicken! 
Keira didn't even glance at him, she took control of the ward and strode over to Mrs. Olsen's bedside!
###Chapter 182 Wake Up
Chapter 182 Wake Up
Mrs. Olsen was still asleep, showing no signs of waking up. 
At the door of the hospital room stood two black-clad bodyguards, blocking Isla and Jake from entering. 
Inside, Taylor's eyes glinted as he saw her and Lewis come in, but he said little. He merely held Mrs. Olsen's hand and turned his head to gaze at Keira, sitting there in a daze. 
In the mere three hours since Mrs. Olsen's incident, Taylor had aged a decade. 
His eyes were filled with the weight of the world. 
Even his hair seemed to have whitened a bit. He was visibly worn and exhausted. 
His deep affection prompted a bitter smile from Keira. 
Keira knew all along that Taylor wasn't her biological father. 
And Mrs. Olsen was an upright person, so how could she possibly betray or have an affair? 
What was she thinking at the moment she saw the photo and heard Mr. Allen call the woman in it Lady South, to ignore that and look for Mrs. Olsen? 
She felt ridiculous. 
At that moment, Lewis approached her and, taking her hand, asked, "Should the room be cleared?" 
His gaze toward Taylor was unfriendly. 
Anyone who was unkind to Keira, Lewis now regarded with disdain. 
Hearing this, Keira tensed her jaw. She looked at the tightly clasped hands of Taylor and Mrs. Olsen and couldn't bring herself to separate them. 
She lowered her eyes. "Let it be." 
As long as Mrs. Olsen could see her when she woke up and hear the words she wanted to say before passing out, that would be enough. 
Lewis nodded in agreement. 
Then came Jake's struggling cries from outside the door. 
Keira didn't move but sat down on the other side of Mrs. Olsen's bed instead. 
Seeing this, Lewis gave Taylor another look. 
He seemed like a zombie, his decadence and worry impossible to fake. 
Realizing he posed no danger to Keira, Lewis then stepped out of the room. 
He was met with the sight of Jake being held aloft by a burly man in black, kicking and screaming. "Let go of me! I'm also a member of the Horton family! You all are bodyguards hired by the Hortons, and you must obey my commands!" 
The bodyguard almost rolled his eyes hearing this. 
As if the Horton family could afford them? 
In choosing whom to protect, they also consider overall strength. 
Did the Horton family's dirty money make them reverent? 
The man in black showed no intention of letting Jake go. However, with a faint raise of his hand from Lewis, the bodyguard finally put Jake down. 
Jake was beside himself with fury, stomping madly. 
Isla also felt enraged. 
Just then, Ellis's angry rebuke came from the door, "Lewis, what the hell are you doing?!" 
Isla's eyes immediately reddened, "Mr. Olsen, Uncle and Keira have taken control of the room and won't let me in to stay with my mom... My mom's life hangs in the balance, and they won't let us in. This is outrageous!" 
Tears began to flow silently down her cheeks as she spoke. 
Ellis frowned and looked directly at Lewis. "Lewis, don't push it too far! Do you really think you can do whatever you want just because you are in Oceanion? Your bodyguards may be tough for ordinary people to handle, but do you believe I can't hold my own?" 
Being the next family head of the Olsen family, Ellis assuredly had protection when he came to Oceanion. 
The bodyguards of the Olsen family wouldn't be too weak. 
Lewis narrowed his eyes. "Are you trying to pick a fight with me right here? Are you not afraid that Mrs. Olsen, who just woke up, will be scared again?" 
He saw right through what Ellis cared about in an instant. 
Ellis was speechless. 
He frowned. "Lewis, how have you become so shameless? To even use Mrs. Olsen to threaten me? She is but a defenseless woman, if you have the guts, come and fight me one-on-one!" 
Lewis responded indifferently, "Didn't we just have a one-on-one six months ago? Are you sure you want to embarrass yourself here?" 
Ellis was shocked. 
He had never considered that Lewis, always the gentleman, could have such a shameless moment! 
He looked angrily at Isla, then scoffed. "Fine, I can't beat you, but I have other means. Miss Isla, your parents have been imprisoned and their personal freedom restricted for no reason. You have the right to call the police!" 
Upon hearing this, Isla's eyes lit up, and she immediately grabbed her phone. 
The next moment, her wrist was violently yanked, and the phone was snatched away by a black-clothed bodyguard. "Miss Olsen, I'll hold onto your phone for a while." 
Isla's pupils shrank, and at that moment she suddenly realized that none of her methods were of any use in front of absolute power! 
She bit her lip and looked at Ellis. "Mr. Olsen, please save us! Otherwise, when my mother wakes up, if the first thing she sees is Keira, even if she's not scared to death, she'd probably die of anger..." 
Ellis frowned slightly with hesitation. 
If he really called his men over and started a big fight here, it might disturb or even frighten Mrs. Olsen... 
But if he didn't, it would indeed be too frustrating. 
His uncle had asked him to take good care of Mrs. Olsen, and he couldn't allow her to be wronged! 
Thinking about this, Ellis was about to call for help when Lewis said, "Ellis, how come you are still as foolish here as you were abroad?" 
Ellis immediately became indignant. "Either take action or speak politely, but how can you insult me?" 
Lewis looked directly at him. "Let me ask you, were you present when Mrs. Olsen saw Keira?" 
Ellis paused. "I was." 
"At that time, did Mrs. Olsen ever say she wanted Keira to leave? Although I have had little contact with Mrs. Olsen, I also know that she has always had a good relationship with Keira." 
Lewis stared at him intently. "Don't just listen to rumors; seeing is believing!" 
Ellis was stunned. 
He slowly frowned, remembering that earlier at the Olsen residence, Mrs. Olsen seemed quite warm toward Keira, and he suddenly felt confused. "Mrs. Olsen doesn't despise the illegitimate daughter?" 
Lewis said, "As far as I know, they're quite affectionate to each other." 
"How is that possible?" Ellis found it incredible. 
A lady should despise her husband's illegitimate daughter, shouldn't she? How could they have a good relationship? 
He felt as if he was hearing a joke. 
Mrs. Olsen wasn't a saint. According to his uncle, she was quite decisive in her youth. How could this be possible? It completely defied common sense! 
Seeing that he had fallen silent, Lewis pointed to the hospital room and said, "No matter how strong Keira is, she never let bodyguards through that door... Don't you understand yet?" 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
The arguments outside could actually be heard very clearly in the room. 
The soundproofing in the hospital wasn't very good. 
Keira paid no attention to the outside, only staring at Mrs. Olsen. She then saw Mrs. Olsen's eyes suddenly move—was she waking up?!
###Chapter 183 Uncle Olsen
Chapter 183 Uncle Olsen
Keira stood up excitedly in an instant, ready to speak, but Taylor was even more agitated than her. He sat directly on the hospital bed and began to call out, "Shirley, Shirley... can you hear me?" 
Taylor's eyes were red, and tears filled his eyes as if he was about to cry. 
Keira pursed her lips and said nothing, still staring at Mrs. Olsen. However, her eyes only moved slightly before stopping again, seemingly falling back to sleep. 
Keira frowned. 
Taylor became puzzled as well, "Shirley? Shirley? Wake up..." 
Mrs. Olsen was motionless. 
Keira faintly felt something wasn't right. She stepped forward, only to see Taylor was even more panicked than she was, and he immediately pressed the call button on the wall. 
Very soon, the doctor entered the room. 
He was startled by the bodyguards outside and got infected by the confrontational mood, but as he was used to dealing with VIP ward patients, he quickly calmed down. 
"What's the matter?" 
The doctor asked. 
Taylor asked, "My wife's eyes were moving just now, and it seemed like she was going to wake up. Why hasn't she woken up yet?" 
The doctor also checked the time. 
The nurse beside him immediately reminded him, "The patient suffered from anger-induced collapse, and we just checked it. By all accounts, she should have woken up within half an hour, but it's already been forty minutes..." 
The doctor immediately said, "Let's have a look." 
The doctors and nurses began to bustle about. 
Outside the door. 
Lewis also frowned. He took out his cell phone and sent a text message to Tom. "Bring over the best experts from Oceanion!" 
After sending the message, he didn't enter the room but continued to stand guard. 
Isla became a bit anxious and looked at Ellis. 
But she noticed that he was persuaded by Lewis, not intending to call the bodyguards over again, and was only standing outside, craning his neck to wait for results. 
The door was open, and they could hear the doctor's conversation inside from where they stood. 
Isla frowned. 
This couldn't be happening... with Ellis's arrival, the influence of the Clance Olsen family was present, which could counterbalance against Lewis. If even he lost sympathy for her, what would she use to fight with Keira? 
With these thoughts, Isla's eyes flickered. 
She suddenly rushed toward the hospital room, crying out, "Mom, how is my mom?" 
But she was easily stopped by a black-clothed bodyguard. 
Isla struggled fiercely, but the bodyguard's arm was like an immovable barrier, preventing her from breaking free and entering the door. 
This was the effect Isla wanted. 
She lowered her eyes and suddenly turned to kneel in front of Lewis with a loud "thump"! 
Everyone was stunned by her actions, and then they heard her crying out, "Uncle Lewis, I beg you, let me in. That's my mother... what exactly is wrong with her? Why hasn't she woken up? Uncle Lewis, I know I haven't been nice to Keira usually. I'm sorry! May I kneel to her? Please!" 
Her face was streaked with tears. 
Jake couldn't help feeling pity and immediately spoke up. "Uncle Lewis! The Horton family follows your lead, but you can't be this tyrannical! Mrs. Olsen is Isla's mother! Isla has the right to enter!" 
Ellis immediately knit his brows, "Lewis, let her in." 
Regardless of the relationship between Mrs. Olsen and Keira, Isla was her daughter, and Mrs. Olsen would definitely want to see Isla first when she was gravely ill! 
Lewis looked toward the hospital room. 
Keira had heard their argument from the start, and now Isla's crying was annoying. She suddenly turned her head and fiercely looked at Isla. "You can come in, but if I hear you crying again, I'll personally throw her out the window!" 
Isla immediately closed her mouth. 
The bodyguards outside heard this and hesitated for a moment. Initially, they wanted to wait for their boss's instructions, but then they remembered Lewis's demeanor earlier in the day, so they immediately stepped aside without hesitation. 
Isla finally entered the door. 
It was then that Ellis turned to Lewis, "Without Keira speaking, were you really not planning to let Mrs. Olsen's biological daughter in? Lewis, you're being too tyrannical! Let me tell you, Mrs. Olsen was a friend of Uncle Olsen, and with me here, I absolutely won't allow you to bully her!" 
Lewis paid him no heed. 
Next to him, Jake's gaze intensely focused on the ward, where Isla's slender figure seemed to be swaying on the verge of collapse as if she would fall at any moment. 
She had knelt down with too much force just before, and now her knees hurt a bit, so after walking a couple of steps, she bent over to massage her knees. Without a doubt, they must have bruised. 
He addressed Lewis. "Uncle, even if you won't consider my feelings, you should at least be kinder to her for the sake of the Horton's heir in Isla's belly!" 
These words made Lewis's eyes darken. 
The child in Isla's womb belonged to that Connor Hill in jail, and both Keira and Isla knew it. 
Keira hadn't exposed it because she didn't want to make a fuss, and also because Jake now seemed more like a stranger to her. 
But upon hearing this, Lewis couldn't help but retort. "Are you certain that it's Horton blood?" 
Jake immediately frowned. "Uncle, what do you mean by that? I know what I have done. Aren't I clear on that? The child in Isla's belly is mine!" 
Lewis scoffed. "I suggest you still find the time to do a check-up, lest you become a cuckhold husband." 
But Jake still didn't believe it. "Isla is the Olsen family's eldest daughter, not someone who messes around. She's never even dated anyone from childhood. She has only had me in her heart. If it's not mine, then whose could it be? Uncle, come to think of it, you and Keira have been married for two years with no news. Is it possible that there's something wrong with you?" 
Lewis immediately gave him a cold look. 
Jake got scared and lowered his head, muttering, "My mom said that we must protect the child in Isla's belly at all cost. You don't have children of your own and are jealous of mine... it turns out she guessed right!" 
Lewis chuckled coldly, feeling that he really shouldn't have said anything. 
He looked at Jake mockingly. "Whether the child is yours or not is none of my business. I was just kindly giving you a reminder. After all, she was pregnant before marriage, right? Are you sure you're her only man?" 
Jake was taken aback, his tone unsure, but he stubbornly retorted, "Of course! I'm certain!" 
"As you wish." 
Leaving behind those words, Lewis entered the ward and walked up to Keira. 
Seeing this, Jake tried to follow but was stopped by the black-clothed bodyguards. 
Inside the ward. 
After completing all the examinations, the attending doctor frowned. "The patient's condition is a bit strange. She should have woken up by now, but she remains unconscious. Yet, all her vital signs are normal and there's no sign of waking. That's really rare..." 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately grew anxious. 
Next to her, Lewis took her hand. "I've already had Tom call in all the neurology experts from Oceanion. Mrs. Olsen will be alright!" 
After hearing this, Keira nodded. 
Outside, Ellis was dumbstruck. 
What was going on here? 
Wasn't Mrs. Olsen supposed to be fine? Why hadn't she woken up? 
He was getting a bit panicked when his phone rang at that moment. 
Ellis hesitantly looked down and saw Uncle Olsen's call come through! 
Ellis jumped with a start and immediately answered, "Uncle Olsen..." 
"Which ward?" 
A deep, mature voice came through the phone. 
After Ellis reported the ward number, he was confused. "Did you know Mrs. Olsen was sick? I mean... how did you know?" 
To keep Uncle Olsen from worrying, he hadn't mentioned it at all! 
But as soon as these words left his mouth, he thought of the bodyguards who followed him, some of whom were Uncle Olsen's men... 
Ellis understood, then asked further, "Are you coming to Oceanion? Just bring some of Clance's experts with you... Mrs. Olsen's condition doesn't seem good here." 
The voice on the other end became urgent, "How bad is it?" 
"She's been unconscious all this while," replied Ellis. As he was speaking, he heard the honking on the other end and hesitated to ask, "Are you on your way here? Where are you now?" 
"Hospital entrance." 
The icy voice was laced with unease.
###Chapter 184 Daddy
Chapter 184 Daddy
Ellis heard this and was a bit dumbfounded, "Huh? You're at the hospital entrance? Then I'll come down right away to pick you up..." 
After hanging up, he looked toward Lewis and thought to himself, "Lewis, I may have no way to deal with you, but my uncle is coming! Just you wait, after you bullied Mrs. Olsen, you definitely won't get away with it!" 
With that thought, he hurried downstairs. 
Nobody in the ward noticed that he had left after making the call, except for Isla. 
Seeing Ellis leaving, she immediately came to Jake's side and asked, "Jake, did Mr. Olsen just say that an elder from his family is coming?" 
Jake was slightly startled. "Did he? I didn't catch that..." 
He frowned, his mind full of the words Lewis had said, and his gaze unintentionally fell on Isla's belly. He hesitated before asking, "Is this child really mine?" 
Isla's eyes flickered for a moment. 
She had of course heard the conversation between Lewis and Jake in the ward. She had thought that Jake trusted her, but unexpectedly, Jake asked her that question. 
That was clearly a sign of distrust! 
Indeed, on the night she and Jake were together, he was drunk and kept calling her Keira... 
At this thought, she clenched her fists tightly. 
Isla showed a hurt expression. "Jake, what do you mean by this? You can't possibly be suspecting me, can you?" 
Jake frowned even more. He scrutinized her carefully, seeing nothing but sadness on her face, and then said, "Of course I trust you. My uncle said what he did just because he's jealous that he can't have children!" 
Isla finally breathed a sigh of relief, then asked, "Just now, when Mr. Olsen was on the phone, I heard him mention Uncle Olsen is coming, Uncle Olsen... isn't he the head of the Clance Olsen family?" 
Jake was surprised, then shook his head. "That can't be, how could someone of his stature come all the way to Clance just to visit your mother in this hospital..." 
Although Mrs. Olsen had some connections in Clance, Jake didn't think they were that significant. 
Uncle Olsen, after all, was a big shot in Clance whose smallest actions could shake the entire economic circle. How could he personally visit Mrs. Olsen? 
If Mrs. Olsen had such connections, the Olsen family's business would have been booming, and if not surpassing the Horton family, it would at least rank among the top in Oceanion. 
Isla thought about it and also felt it was unlikely. 
She must have thought too much… right? 
But if Mrs. Olsen really had such connections, how could she bear to let her marry Jake? Why not introduce her to a bigwig in Clance?! 
At this thought, she looked toward the bed, a hint of ruthlessness flashing in her eyes. 
There were many secrets about Mrs. Olsen that even she didn't know. 
Even Mrs. Olsen's connections were tightly concealed; if Isla hadn't threatened her with her life, Mrs. Olsen would never have approached the Horton family, nor would she have managed to bring someone from the Clance Olsen family to support her... 
A cold smile appeared on the corner of Isla's lips. 
If Mrs. Olsen died just like that, Clance wouldn't know who would come to offer condolences. By then, seeing her as Mrs. Olsen's daughter, those connections might give her extra care, right? 
Then Mrs. Olsen's connections would be transferred to her! 
With this thought, Isla quickly retracted her malicious gaze. 
At that moment, footsteps suddenly came from outside the door. 
Tom walked in with five elderly-looking experts, heading straight for the center of the ward. 
When the doctors and nurses couldn't find a cause, the five experts gathered around Mrs. Olsen's bed. 
Taylor was forced to move aside. 
But he didn't step back. Staying close to the experts, his gaze fixated on the person on the hospital bed, his eyes noticeably red from strain, and though he didn't speak, his extreme nervousness and collapse were evident. 
His lips were dry and even cracked a bit. 
Ever since Mrs. Olsen's incident, he had gone without food or water, constantly by her side. 
Isla walked over, holding his arm. "Dad, go have some water and rest for a while…" 
"Back off." 
Taylor glared at Isla. There was no shred of emotion in those eyes, which were as cold as if they were looking at a dead person. "Don't even think about making me leave Shirley!" 
Isla was taken aback by his reaction and felt a trace of bitterness deep within. 
Taylor was her biological father, who had pampered and loved her since she was a child. 
For Isla, this was the first time she saw such an alien emotion in his eyes. 
A sourness suddenly arose in her heart. 
Taylor's kindness to her was only because she was Mrs. Olsen's daughter... 
If Dad knew she was Poppy's daughter, perhaps he wouldn't be so kind to her, right? 
That was her understanding from childhood, so she kept that secret tightly concealed. 
She couldn't help but take a deep breath. "Dad, why don't you sit down first." 
However, Taylor ignored her, still staring intently at Mrs. Olsen. "Shirley, you can't leave me, okay? Without you, what's the point of living?" 
From that expression, everyone could tell that if Mrs. Olsen really didn't wake up, Taylor would probably kill himself. 
Isla's eyes reddened, and she turned her head away. 
The doctor beside them also couldn't help but let out a slight sigh. 
Keira clenched her fist. 
No matter how badly Taylor treated her, his feelings for Mrs. Olsen had always been real from beginning to end... 
Unfortunately, throughout the years, there always seemed to be a veil between Mrs. Olsen and him as if a faint gauze was separating his intense love... 
Keira always felt that what stood between them was Poppy and herself. 
If it weren't for them, Mrs. Olsen and Taylor would probably be a loving couple, right? 
As Keira thought this, the specialists from Oceanion had already finished their examination of Mrs. Olsen. They huddled together for a targeted discussion and soon came to a conclusion, giving everyone a reassuring statement. "Mrs. Olsen is not in any life-threatening danger." 
These words made Taylor heave a heavy sigh of relief again. 
He asked urgently, "Then why doesn't Shirley wake up? " 
The doctors looked at each other, "We've also conducted an EEG on her, and there are no problems. As for why Mrs. Olsen hasn't woken up, we discussed it, and it seems that she hasn't rested well for too long. Her body automatically engaged sleep mode to recover her strength and energy as quickly as possible..." 
Taylor asked again anxiously, "When will she wake up?" 
"At the latest, in three days." 
Taylor breathed a sigh of relief. He walked back to his seat and took Mrs. Olsen's hand. "Shirley, you want to sleep well for three days, right? Alright, no problem, I'll stay with you..." 
He sat there quietly, no longer speaking. 
Keira tensed her jaw. 
Meanwhile, downstairs. 
Uncle Olsen's car stopped at the entrance of the hospital. 
After picking him up, Ellis briskly led him upstairs to the ward. 
Scratching his head, he asked, "Uncle Olsen, what exactly is your relationship with Mrs. Olsen? Why have you rushed here in person?" 
Uncle Olsen's expression was firm and composed. Nearing fifty, he still looked like a man in his thirties or forties, not showing the typical middle-aged lack of energy but remaining lean and strong. 
He was wearing a black cloak, and the entire aura about him was one of coldness. 
At hearing this question, those cold, glinting eyes glanced sideways at Ellis. 
Ellis immediately stretched out his hand, making a zipping motion over his mouth. "OK, I won't ask what I shouldn't." 
Uncle Olsen withdrew his gaze. The man of few words with a resolute look in his eyes continued to focus straight ahead. 
He didn't even wait for the elevator and climbed the stairs to the third floor. 
Ellis said, "Uncle Olsen, don't rush. The doctor said Mrs. Olsen's life isn't in danger. She's just tired and hasn't woken up yet..." 
Uncle Olsen's expression softened slightly, but he didn't stop. 
Ellis coughed and joked wryly, "Uncle Olsen, do you recognize all those ladies from Grandma's generation?" 
Uncle Olsen replied coldly, "Most of them. Your grandmother took me to many gatherings back in the day. Why do you ask?" 
"Oh, it's nothing serious. It's just that Lewis came with a photo looking for one of the ladies from Grandma's generation. I was worried I wouldn't recognize her, but if you do, that would be great... Since you're here, you could help him have a look." 
Ellis touched his nose. 
Uncle Olsen didn't say anything more and quickened his pace. 
Soon, they arrived outside the ward. 
Ellis pushed the door and entered.
###Chapter 185 Arrival
Chapter 185 Arrival
Ellis pushed open the door of the hospital room and walked in.
Seeing that the atmosphere in the room was good, he breathed a sigh of relief.
He then prepared to introduce everyone to his uncle, and so he began, “This is my…”
When he turned around, however, he didn’t see Uncle Olsen following behind him and was somewhat confused.
Where was his uncle?
Ellis had no choice but to turn back, only to see Uncle Olsen leaning against the wall in the corridor outside
The man, who was always restrained and
self-possessed, had lit up a cigarette.
He took a fierce drag, then blew out a ring of smoke.
Scratching his head, Ellis asked, “Uncle, why aren’t you coming in?”
Amidst the curling smoke, the man’s resolute
expression showed a moment of distraction. He said lightly, “Well, it’s okay. I’ll wait here for the results.”
Ellis was puzzled.
He became even more baffled, “Uncle, you’ve come all this way to see Mrs. Olsen, and now you’re just going to wait here for the results?”
Uncle Olsen’s gaze fixed on something in the distance. He took another deep drag on his cigarette, and nodded, “Yes, I promised her that we would never meet again in or after this life.”
Ellis fell silent.
He heard intense sadness in that statement.
His mouth opened as if to say something, but he found he didn’t know what would be appropriate to say.
He had suspected that there was something between Uncle Olsen and Mrs. Olsen, perhaps an old flame, or maybe Uncle Olsen had failed this cherished friend. After all, Uncle Olsen had once been quite a playboy, pursued by many.
But he could never have imagined that their past would be so dramatic.
A vow to never meet again in life or death.
What on earth had happened?
Ellis wanted to ask, but upon catching sight of Uncle Olsen’s ashen face, he dared not inquire and could only cough lightly, “Then…
“The medical team from Clance will arrive a bit later. I’ll be right here. You go in and stay with her,” said Uncle Olsen, lifting his head to reveal a resolute and decisive air. “Don’t let anything happen to her.”
Ellis nodded earnestly and then went back into the hospital room.
At this moment, the experts from Oceanion had already finished their consultation, and they were preparing to leave, one by one, leaving only a few members of the Olsen family in the room again.
Taylor looked dazed, constantly sitting by the bedside holding Mrs. Olsen’s hand without moving.
Aside from the doctors coming in for examinations, he had maintained this position for over four hours.
Isla looked at Ellis, then curiously peered behind him before asking, “Mr. Olsen, I heard you on the phone
saying that someone from the Olsen family has come?”
Ellis nodded. “My uncle is outside.”
Isla was extremely surprised. It was actually Uncle
Olsen!
Upon hearing this, Taylor abruptly raised his head and stared hard at Ellis. A flicker of confusion and panic appeared in his expression, and he gripped Mrs. Olsen’s hand even more tightly.
He trembled slightly.
He feared that man would forcibly take Shirley away, using her illness as an excuse!
However, Isla completely missed the change in Taylor’s demeanor and promptly said eagerly, “Why doesn’t Mr. Olsen come in? He… ”
Ellis explained, “Uncle won’t be coming in; after all, Mrs. Olsen is a lady, and he doesn’t want to disturb her.”
This reassured Taylor, who turned to look at Mrs. Olsen on the bed, his gaze becoming even more resolute.
Isla immediately walked out, “Then Jake and I will go
greet Mr. Olsen. It would be too impolite otherwise.”
“That’s indeed as it should be.”
Ellis thought to himself and glanced at Lewis and Keira.
In Clance, many people fawn over trying to make acquaintance with Uncle Olsen, seizing any opportunity that comes their way.
Although Lewis is on the rise, full of youthful vigor, his power and influence still fall short compared to the accumulation of the older generation. He can sit at the same level as himself, but he’s still a step behind in front of Uncle Olsen.
That’s why he thought Lewis and Keira would go and pay their respects together, and then help speak some pleasing words for Keira…
But unexpectedly, the two just stared at Mrs. Olon the sickbed as if they had not heard what he said
Ellis paid them no attention.
Isla and Jake arrived at the door and immediately sa that man standing aloof from worldly affairs..
His presence was overwhelming; even without
bodyguards following, one could easily tell his status was extraordinary.
Isla and Jake exchanged a look, both seeing the anxiety in each other’s eyes, but it was an excellent opportunity.
Jake swallowed hard and immediately stepped forward with Isla, “Excuse me, are you Uncle Olsen?”
Uncle Olsen glanced at them, his gaze skipping over Jake and landing directly on Isla.
With a delicate appearance, it was hard to tell whether Isla resembled Mrs. Olsen or Taylor, but her demeanor alone made it clear she was a child reared by Mrs.
Olsen.
His expression softened a bit. “Are you Isla?”
Isla, flattered, nodded, “Uncle Olsen, would you like come in? My mother is inside, and there’s a lounge outside where you can sit and have a cup of tea.”
“No.”
Uncle Olsen’s gaze remained fixated on Isla as if
looking at her, yet it was also as if he was trying to see Mrs. Olsen through her.
But after a long while, he only felt that Isla fell short compared to Mrs. Olsen.
She looked like a bad imitation.
She had a fine appearance and temperament, but once she opened her mouth, the fear in her eyes betrayed her, unlike Mrs. Olsen’s outward indifference and inherent pride.
Isla glanced at Jake, and he immediately said, “Uncle
Olsen…”
Following Isla’s lead in addressing him, and seeing that Uncle Olsen didn’t , Jake grew somewhat bolder. “How long do you plan to stay in Oceanion? You
haven’t arranged accommodations yet, right? Let me help you with that.”
Uncle Olsen glanced at Isla again, then said, “Alrig I’ll stay until Jodie wakes up.”
The name “Jodie” confused Isla and Jake for a mom
before they realized he was referring to Mrs. Olsen,
Jodie South.
Jake asked, “What about now?”
“I’ll stay here for a while.”
Uncle Olsen lowered his gaze as if he had no intention
of speaking further.
Jake immediately said, “Then I’ll stay with you. Isla, you go inside and keep Mrs. Olsen company.”
Isla also wanted to stay and keep Uncle Olsen company, knowing that pleasing him was far more advantageous than attending to the one close to death on the sick bed.
But she understood that Uncle Olsen was here
because of Mrs. Olsen.
So she nodded and was about to enter when Uncle Olsen suddenly said, “If there’s anything you need help with, just ask.”
A light sparked in Isla’s eyes, “Of course.”
Then she shot a glance at Jake, who understood something and gave her an almost imperceptible nod.
Proudly, Isla entered the door, the black-clad bodyguard not barring her from entering the room.
Seeing that Lewis and Keira truly had no intention of greeting Uncle Olsen, Ellis promptly said, “Ahem, Lewis, Uncle Olsen is here. Aren’t you going to take
your wife to greet him?”
On hearing this, Lewis pondered for a moment, then
nodded, “Alright.”
###Chapter 186 Going to the Olsen Family
Chapter 186 Going to the Olsen Family
Going to the Olsen Family
Uncle Olsen was a senior member of the family, so
they should have visited him
Moreover, between Lewis and Uncle Olsen…
He pondered for only a brief moment before agreeing, then turned to look at Keira.
Seeing this, Keira walked over to his side.
Next to her, Ellis couldn’t help but clear his throat. Remembering Mrs. Olsen and Keira’s opposing positions, and recalling her saving him on horseback, he couldn’t help but remind her, “My uncle is very cold by nature. If you say less when you meet him, he probably won’t make things difficult for you.”
Just as Keira was about to nod, she heard Lewis say, “You don’t have to go. Just stay here with Mrs. Olsen.”
Keira was startled.
Ellis was surprised and said, “Hey, Lewis, do you have any manners? Uncle Olsen is an elder after all. He’s
here, and you don’t bring your wife to meet him?”
Lewis ignored him completely and just patted the back of Keira’s hand. “Don’t worry!
Uncle Olsen was domineering and was bound to make things difficult for Keira after seeing her.
Knowing this, how could Lewis let Keira go and seek humiliation on her own?
After leaving these words, he turned and walked out the door.
Keira stood in place, watching him leave.
Ellis clicked his tongue and then sized up Keira. “I really don’t know what’s so great about you that would make Lewis offend my uncle for you. Keira, are you sure you don’t want to go and see? If you go, at most Uncle Olsen will scold you a few words, but if you don’t, Lewis will be at odds with my uncle.”
Keira glanced at him indifferently and simply said, “I
trust him.”
She had stayed with her grandmother for so long along with Lewis and had some understanding of the things that kept the man busy every day.
Lewis wasn’t as simple as he seemed; it appeared he had his own power base besides the Horton Group.
Without giving it much thought, Keira walked over to a nearby sofa and sat down quietly to watch Mrs. Olsen.
Seeing this, Isla followed Lewis out again.
Outside.
Upon leaving the room, Lewis walked straight toward Uncle Olsen.
Uncle Olsen was still leaning against the wall but shifted his gaze to him, his gaze gradually becoming sharp. “I hear you’ve married the Olsen family’s illegitimate daughter?”
The question was asked with a chilly indifference, consistent with his typical manner of speaking, which left no clue as to his emotions.
Isla’s face brightened with joy, thinking that Uncle Olsen was about to stand up for her!
She immediately looked at Jake.
Jake understood his meaning immediately and said, “Uncle, could you ask your bodyguards to withdraw? Having them stand guard at the door affects my mother-in-law’s medical treatment.”
Uncle Olsen immediately frowned and turned his gaze
of Going to the Olsen Family
back to Lewis, “And there are bodyguards?”
Isla lowered her head, displaying a wronged expression. “Keira made my mom faint with anger, and Dad and I didn’t want her to stay with my mom, so Uncle Lewis brought in bodyguards and took over the hospital room…”
Uncle Olsen looked at her straight away.
Isla’s tearful appearance didn’t appeal to him, and once again he turned to Lewis. “Don’t you think you owe me an explanation?”
Jake and Isla immediately looked at Lewis with anticipation.
Yet they saw Lewis reply indifferently, “Well, it was too noisy; I brought my bodyguards to guard the door to prevent just anyone from disturbing Mrs. Olsen.”
Isla immediately bit her lip. “Uncle, she’s my mom! I have the right to decide who can come in and who can’t! And Keira, my mother fainted because of her. Please take her away. I don’t want my mom to wake up and see her! What if she gets upset again?”
Uncle Olsen’s gaze was stern as it settled on Lewis,
emanating a powerful presence.
It seemed that if Lewis’s response wasn’t satisfactory, he wouldn’t let the matter drop.
Despite the tension, Lewis remained calm. After seeing Uncle Olsen finish his cigarette, he took out a pack from his pocket and handed one to him.
Uncle Olsen took it reflexively, continuing to watch Lewis.
Lewis said, “I guessed you might come, so I prepared cigarettes, but I don’t smoke and don’t have the habit of carrying a lighter with me.”
Uncle Olsen paused slightly.
He took out his lighter, lit the cigarette, and then began speaking. “Don’t think that by handing me a cigarette, I’ll let you off the hook. Speak.”
Lewis began, “Before Mrs. Olsen fainted, she seemed to have something to say while holding Keira’s hand. A for the bodyguards, it’s impossible to dismiss them.”
Isla immediately frowned.
She hadn’t expected Lewis to be so assertive in front of Uncle Olsen!
She quickly looked at Uncle Olsen as if waiting for him
to give her an explanation, but saw Uncle Olsen simply lower his eyes and say indifferently. “Don’t disturb her.”
Lewis continued. “The guards are there to ensure Mrs. Olsen isn’t disturbed. You don’t need to worry about that.”
Uncle Olsen nodded, and then he didn’t say anything else.
Isla was flummoxed.
She looked shockingly at Uncle Olsen, then at Lewis, and combining the conversation after the two met with the fact that Lewis had prepared cigarettes for him, she suddenly realized something, “Uncle Olsen, do you know Uncle Lewis?”
“Yes, we’ve had dealings before.”
Uncle Olsen’s tone was still cold.
Isla was stunned!!
Lewis looked at her. “I still have things to discuss with Mr. Olsen. You can go back inside.”
Isla and Jake dared not disobey the order and left.
After the two went inside, Uncle Olsen finally turned to Lewis. “I asked you to visit the Olsen family to check on Mrs. Olsen and see whether the illegitimate
daughter was causing any trouble. Who told you to marry that illegitimate daughter?”
His tone finally changed from the chilly demeanor before, carrying a hint of reproach.
Lewis lowered his gaze.
When Jake and Isla got engaged and paid the formal visit to the Olsen family, he personally accompanied Jake as the head of the Horton family, all because Uncle Olsen asked him to help check on how Mrs. Olsen was doing.
As for why he married Keira…
He didn’t give much of an explanation, “Because I like
her.”
Uncle Olsen’s frown deepened. “Then take good care of her. If she really makes Jodie uncomfortable, I won’t spare her for your sake!”
Lewis replied assertively, “Husband and wife are one. If you dare lay a hand on her, then I can only choose to
stand by her aide”
Uncle Olsen sneered. “The wolf cub has grown up and dares to challenge me now. Do you think you are my opponent?”
Lewis said calmly, “Let’s try.”
Inside the hospital room.
Unable to hear the conversation outside clearly, Ellis grew anxious. “What are my Uncle and Lewis talking about? Will they start fighting? It would be great if they did, to give Lewis a taste of being suppressed, so he doesn’t get too arrogant!”
As they were talking, Keira’s phone suddenly rang.
She hung up directly.
But it rang again. Keira glanced at it with a frown and ultimately decided to take the call and step out into the hallway to answer it, not wanting to disturbs Olsen.
Keira opened the door and walked straight out.
###Chapter 187 Entering the Ward
Chapter 187 Entering the Ward
Keira could feel Lewis and Uncle Olsen on the right side of the ward, so after leaving the room, she merely glanced briefly in that direction before heading left. ‘
Therefore, when Uncle Olsen saw the door open, he also glanced briefly and then fixed his gaze on her from behind, narrowing his eyes.
Keira’s silhouette was tall and straight, giving off a bamboo-like quality.
That quality resembled Mrs. Olsen closely.
Uncle Olsen had long heard of the illegitimate
daughter because she grew up by Mrs. Olsen’s side and bore Mrs. Olsen’s shadow.
Isla just resembled an empty shell.
Yet merely the silhouette of Keira seemed to bear a striking similarity to Mrs. Olsen’s elegance.
His greedy gaze stayed on her a bit longer.
He wanted to see in Keira what Mrs. Olsen looked like when she was young, but unfortunately, it had been over twenty years since he had seen Mrs. Olsen, and
her face had become blurry in his memory.
Uncle Olsen very prudently withdrew his gaze.
After Keira took a left turn into the staircase entrance, she then answered the call, asking, “Holly, what’s up?”
The call was from Holly Sims.
The fact that she kept calling even after being hung up on once meant there must be something important.
Holly said, “Connor Hill’s trial verdict is out. He’s been convicted of premeditated murder, so he’s been given a suspended death sentence. He’s likely to be transferred to prison tomorrow, and after that, he won’t be our responsibility anymore. Have you really been unable to get him to reveal the secret about you?”
Keira lowered her gaze. “Thanks for the heads you delay it for another two days for me?”
She always had this intuition that the secret Connor was about to divulge was of paramount importance to her.
Holly immediately said, “No problem. I’ll apply for a delayed transfer, postponing it to the day after
tomorrow. But Keira, Isla is carrying Connor’s child. As long as this child exists, for the child’s future glory and
wealth, he definitely won’t speak. We can’t pry mouth open.”
“I’ll think of another way.”
After hanging up, Keira narrowed her eyes.
Then she calmly pushed the door open and headed back.
Ellis thought Uncle Olsen would give her a hard time, and so did Lewis, which was why they hadn’t wanted her to leave, but in truth, she wasn’t afraid at all.
The word “afraid” simply wasn’t in her dictionary.
To her surprise, Lewis was standing alone at the door while Uncle Olsen was nowhere to be seen.
Keira walked over and arched an eyebrow. “Where i
he?”
“He’s gone to wait in the car for news,” Lewis said.
“Someone who got wind of him coming to Oceanion tried to get cozy with him, so he left to avoid disturbing the peace of the ward,” Lewis elaborated.
Keira nodded, then said, “I’ll stay here to watch over things, and if you have business to take care of, go ahead.”
Lewis took her hand. “Then I’ll go work in the car downstairs. Call me if you need anything.”
“Okay.”
Keira entered the ward and saw Mrs. Olsen still deep in slumber, so she found a spot on the nearby sofa to sit down.
The night deepened, and the ward gradually quieted down.
Leaning back in the chair, Keira unwittingly fell asleep.
When the morning sunshine flooded the ward, she jolted awake and checked the time-just six in the morning. She had managed to sleep for about four hours the night before.
Keira first looked toward Mrs. Olsen and saw her expression was still calm, seemingly dreaming about something as her brows were slightly knitted together.
Keira then turned to Taylor.
The sight made her startle!
In just one night, Taylor’s hair had gone half white! His face was haggard, his eyes sunk in, clearly having not slept all night, with the whites bloodshot.
His mouth was alarmingly pale with cracks showing traces of blood, and in a single night, his face had sprouted a fine stubble. He had aged considerably.
But he seemed unconcerned, still gripping Mrs. Olsen’s hand tightly, occasionally damping her lips with a water-soaked cotton swab.
Watching this, Keira felt a stir in her heart.
She couldn’t help but pour Taylor a glass of water.
Taylor looked at the hand that suddenly appeared before him, paused slightly, and followed it to see Keira, but this time, he didn’t burst into anger.
He silently accepted the water and only took a co of sips before placing it aside.
Noise also came from outside the door.
Isla came in carrying breakfast and, upon seeing Keir and Taylor, her pupils shrank slightly. She then said, “Dad, you haven’t rested or eaten anything all-night. I bought you breakfast. Please try to eat a little.”
Taylor gestured dismissively and said, “There’s no need.”
His response immediately surprised both Isla and Keira.
It turned out that, overnight, Taylor’s voice had become incredibly hoarse…
If it wasn’t for the few sips of water he just had, he probably wouldn’t have been able to speak at all now.
Seeing this, Keira couldn’t help but comfort him. “You should relax; Mrs. Olsen will be all right. When she wakes up, she surely won’t want to see you like this.”
Isla followed suit. “Dad, please eat something.”
But Taylor continued to gesture no. “Shirley is unconscious and can’t eat. I won’t eat until she wakes up.”
He was very firm.
Having not interacted with him much and not being very close, Keira didn’t say more.
She went outside, preparing to go downstairs to get breakfast from Lewis.
Lewis had just sent her a message, saying that breakfast was ready.
But before she could go downstairs, Isla suddenly followed her and asked, “Keira, doesn’t it bother you that Dad isn’t eating anything at all?”
Keira frowned and ignored her.
But Isla quickly blocked her way and confronted her. “The Olsen family raised you, and this is how you treat Dad? That’s utterly heartless and ungrateful!”
Keira looked at her coldly. “Isla, don’t think that because Mrs. Olsen fainted, I won’t hit you.”
Hearing this, Isla didn’t step back as usual but instead suddenly moved closer to Keira, with a malicious glint in her eyes.
Downstairs, two stretch vehicles were parked in the parking lot.
Lewis was sitting in one of them.
He had taken a short rest of a few hours last night and now had the breakfast he bought arranged inside the car
He had sent a message to Keira. If she woke up, she could come downstairs. She replied just now saying she would be right down, but he had yet to come.
This prompted him to get out of the car.
Uncle Olsen was sitting in the other vehicle.
He hadn’t slept all night, always watching the position of the third-floor hospital ward. He too had just gotten out of the car to stretch his legs.
Upon encountering each other in the parking lot, they exchanged a glance.
Lewis walked toward Uncle Olsen as if he wanted to greet him…
But before he could speak, a piercing scream suddenly came from Mrs. Olsen’s room on the third floor!!
Lewis and Uncle Olsen were both taken aback.
Immediately, the two men, in unison, turned their heads and hurried up the stairs!!
What happened in the ward?
Could Mrs. Olsen have woken up?!
Neither of them waited for the elevator but instead
climbed directly to the third floor via the stairs.
They quickly arrived outside the hospital room, then they heard a voice from inside, “Blood, so much blood…”
The pupils of both Lewis and Uncle Olsen shrank slightly. Without any further hesitation, they immediately pushed the door open and entered!
###Chapter 188 Caught
Chapter 188 Caught
Lewis and Uncle Olsen rushed to the entrance of the hospital ward and then charged inside. 
Before they even entered, they heard Jake's angry roar, "Isla!" 
Isla's piercing scream came through. "My baby! Keira, you did this on purpose! You killed my child!" 
Lewis frowned, and he quickened his steps into the room. 
Uncle Olsen was slightly taken aback. 
Once he understood the situation and saw that Mrs. Olsen was fine, he breathed a sigh of relief, then stood at the door and turned to look at Ellis, who was guarding outside, asking, "What happened?" 
Ellis was also in a daze. 
Two minutes ago, at his uncle's command, he came to check on Mrs. Olsen's condition, but as soon as he entered the room, he saw Isla and Keira in a scuffle... 
Inside the hospital room. 
Isla was on the ground, clutching her own abdomen, with her trousers stained red by blood, while Jake was helping her. 
Isla exclaimed, "Jake, she pushed me!" 
Jake's eyes were red-rimmed as he stared at Isla and said, "I know, I saw it... Isla, how are you feeling?" 
Cold sweat broke out on Isla's forehead. "My stomach hurts, it's so painful... Jake, we've lost our baby..." 
Having been pregnant for just two months and losing so much blood, one didn't need to think to know the baby was gone too. 
Jake, hearing this, became frantic, "Doctor, doctor!" 
The doctors outside rushed in, and Jake, holding Isla, immediately placed her on the gurney and quickly ran toward the emergency room... 
Keira stood behind them, a hint of mockery flashing through her eyes. 
Lewis glanced at her and asked. "Are you okay?" 
Keira responded indifferently, "I'm fine." 
Isla had just been grabbing her, not letting her go, insisting that she persuade Taylor. 
Keira was getting a bit impatient; she just pulled her hand away, using a bit of force, and Isla charged backward, then violently crashed her waist against the chair. 
What followed was that bloody scene. 
She wanted to laugh. 
It was written all over Isla's face, her petty tricks. Wasn't it just because Lewis reminded Jake, leading Jake to become suspicious of her? 
Keira had long anticipated that Isla would seek an accident to have a miscarriage. 
After all, she was already married into the Horton family, and if this child was gone, there could be another... 
But she had just woken up and was worried about Mrs. Olsen, so she hadn't expected Isla to pull such a stunt in the hospital room! 
After thinking for a moment, she gestured to Lewis. "Although the child is gone, tests can still be done. Can you speak to the hospital on my behalf..." 
Keira wasn't the least bit panicked. 
With the DNA test report in hand proving the child wasn't Jake's, the Horton family wouldn't pursue further, and Isla's charade would be in vain. 
Furthermore... 
A smirk appeared on Keira's lips. 
Yesterday, it was said that as long as that child was still there, Connor wouldn't talk, and now the child was gone... if they could just come up with a way to make Connor give up on Isla, then he would reveal the secret. 
Isla's move was simply suicidal! 
Lewis immediately sent a message to Tom. 
The hospital belonged to the Horton family, so they could do whatever they wanted here. 
The way they exchanged smiles and glances, caught in the eyes of Ellis, made him frown. He said angrily, "Keira, Lewis, how can you two still be smiling?! You've just caused the death of a human being. Don't you feel even a little bit of remorse?" 
Keira slowly began. "I didn't push her, it wasn't my fault." 
"If it wasn't you, then who could it be? I saw it with my own eyes, and you're still lying! Mr. Olsen, you saw it too, didn't you?!" Ellis looked to Taylor for confirmation. 
But strangely enough, Taylor was still just staring at the hospital bed where his wife lay, never saying a word from the start to the finish. 
It was as if he simply didn't care about Isla's miscarriage. 
Both Keira and Ellis knew that Taylor was lost in his own world... 
Unless Mrs. Olsen woke up, there was a real possibility he might genuinely starve himself to death. 
Ellis frowned upon seeing him like this/ "Forget it, if he's not in the mood to deal with you, Uncle Olsen and I cannot just stand by and watch Mrs. Olsen's daughter be bullied by you! I will take care of this matter myself!" 
With these words, he left the room. 
One hour later, someone entered the room and called out, "Sir, Madam, the elder Mr. Olsen is here, asking for you to go to Miss Isla's hospital room." 
Lewis stood up, "I'll go. You stay here." 
The butler immediately said, "The elder Mr. Olsen asked for both of you to come over." 
Lewis's brow knitted, about to speak, when the butler added with a smile. "Hearing that Mrs. Olsen was hospitalized here, they initially intended to come find you and your wife for a talk. But out of concern for disturbing Mrs. Olsen's rest, they decided to call you two over instead... " 
At those words, Keira immediately stood up. "Then let's go." 
She and Lewis left the room and turned left at the two adjoining hospital rooms to Isla's room. 
At that moment, she was lying on the hospital bed, her complexion a bit pale and her eyes slightly red. 
The Horton family members present in the room were quite numerous. 
Nathan, Oliver, and Melissa were all there, and Jake was right beside Isla's bed, putting on an appearance of deep affection and loyalty. 
As the two entered the room, Jake immediately clenched his fists, looking angrily at Keira. "Keira, didn't you know that Isla was pregnant? How could you push her with such force? You definitely did it on purpose!!" 
Melissa also stood up abruptly, looking angrily at them. "Lewis, what are you trying to do? The first branch of the family was about to have a great-grandson. How could you do such a thing?! Do you realize that the child who was miscarried was a boy?" 
Her heartache was intense. 
If Jake had a son, and Lewis's side ended up without children, then ultimately the Horton family's wealth would still belong to their first branch. 
But she never imagined that this dream would be shattered! 
Oliver immediately chimed in with Melissa. "Lewis, I've always known you didn't like me as your elder brother, but how could you do something like this? You've been married for two years and haven't had a child, are you so desperate? But that doesn't mean you should harm your nephew's child!" 
Nathan also slammed a hand on the armrest of the sofa, pointing angrily at Lewis and Keira. "You poisonous woman, it's bad enough that you haven't born any children in two years after your marriage, but to go as far as harming my great-grandson is utterly unforgivable! And you, Lewis, you must give your nephew an explanation for this incident!" 
Lewis looked at him impassively and sneered, deliberately asking, "What kind of explanation?" 
Nathan immediately replied, "You divorce this vile woman immediately, right now! And transfer five percent of the company's shares to Jake as compensation, then this matter will be settled!" 
A glint of mockery flashed in Lewis's eyes, "What if the child that was lost wasn't Jake's?"
###Chapter 189 Truth
Chapter 189 Truth
Isla deliberately created the false impression that Keira had pushed her, so defending herself at this moment was the lowest tactic. 
Lewis deeply understood the art of negotiation. 
Offense was the best defense, which was why he didn't bother explaining anything about how Keira didn't lay hands on Isla but instead, he let loose this statement. 
The few people in the room were all taken aback upon hearing it! 
Lying in the hospital bed, Isla's eyes flickered and tearfully she said, "Mom, Jake, to protect Aunt Keira, Uncle even tells such lies. How can I stay in the Horton family after this?" 
As she cried, Jake immediately reacted. "Well, Uncle, no wonder you told me that the child wasn't mine before. It turns out it was all to pave the way to harm this child, wasn't it? 
"And you, Keira, you didn't accidentally hurt her because of an argument, you did it on purpose! Just because you can't have children of your own, you're jealous of ours, aren't you?!" 
Jake was so angry, his whole body was shaking; he charged up to Keira and shouted, "Keira, I truly didn't expect you to be such a person! During our four years in college, I treated you so well... I never imagined you could do something like this!" 
Madness glinted in his eyes. 
When Keira heard him bring up their college days, she couldn't help but be momentarily stunned. 
The hysterical man before her had once been the innocent, sunny youth in college… 
She sighed quietly and calmly stated. "The child really isn't yours." 
"Bullshit! Don't I know what happened between Isla and me? To absolve yourself, you even stoop to saying this! Keira, you've truly lowered my opinion of you! I'll get to the bottom of this!" 
Melissa immediately started crying. "My poor grandchild, gone just because of their jealousy... Ever since Lewis became the family head, we of the first branch have been accommodating at every turn, and now you're persecuting Jake's child. Lewis, tell me, what more do you want from us?" 
Oliver also sighed deeply. "Lewis, since we were kids, where have I ever wronged you as your elder brother... Why must you target our first branch like this? Grandma's love went all to you, and you control the Horton family. Can't you leave us be and let us live peacefully?" 
After saying that, he turned to Nathan. "Dad, for our future safety, maybe it's better to divide the family. I'm truly scared. Ever since he returned from abroad, Lewis treated us like strangers, and now, even as Isla lies in a hospital bed, he shows no sign of guilt and instead slanders her... We can't go on like this!" 
He lowered his head and wiped away nonexistent tears from his eyes. 
Nathan cursed at Lewis. "Ungrateful creature, you've been a bastard since childhood and haven't changed one bit; do you want to drive your elder brother and his family to their deaths to be satisfied?!" 
Lewis watched them coldly, finding their words laughable. 
He bullied Oliver since he was young? 
When he was born, Oliver was already 14 years old! 
As a child, not knowing any better, if he ever offended him, Oliver could respond with violence. 
Several times he almost died under his brother's cruel pranks! 
Even that year when he was nine years old and got kidnapped, it was Oliver who took him out and left him at the train station! 
Such an elder brother, truly "innocent" and "pitiful" indeed! 
Add to that their father's favoritism... Lewis's heart had long since turned cold. 
At that moment, a pair of hands suddenly grasped his own. 
Lewis was slightly taken aback before turning his head to see Keira standing beside him. 
The woman stood shoulder to shoulder with him, jointly bearing the malice from the Horton family, which warmed Lewis's heart. 
That's right. 
He was no longer alone. 
He gently patted Keira's hand and said firmly, "Does the first branch of the family wish to separate? I have no ions. After all, they have been living in the main house of the Horton family, occupying the residence that should belong to the family head. Now that my wife and I have returned, indeed, it's time to free up that place." 
"You...!" Oliver was flustered. 
The main house of the Horton family residence had always been inhabited by Oliver and Melissa. 
Even after Lewis returned home and became the family head, this fact remained unchanged. 
Nathan, the grandfather, justified it by saying that Lewis's wife hadn't arrived, and he needed to stay with old Mrs. Horton, so they didn't vacate the house for the main branch... 
It was unexpected that Lewis would bring this up at this time. 
Melissa immediately started crying. "Lewis, your heart is so cruel! Did you harm Isla's child just to divide the family? Are you afraid that our branch is flourishing and overshadowing you?" 
After saying that, she turned to Keira, "Was it this illegitimate daughter's idea? Lewis never mentioned this before. As soon as you show up in our house, everything gets turned upside down. How can you, an illegitimate daughter, be so malicious! Do you really want the Horton family to be torn apart?" 
Isla also began to cry, "Keira, please don't do this. We are all one family. I won't pursue your responsibility anymore. Please don't instigate Lewis to divide the family, okay?" 
Melissa immediately shouted, "Look, that's the demeanor of a lady from a grand household. Lewis, your wife is an illegitimate daughter. No wonder she's so petty! In marrying a wife, one should marry a virtuous one. It's her jealousy that has brought us to this point! Isla is letting it go, but I won't agree! The child she carried was my grandson! Dad, you can't ignore this matter!" 
Nathan said, "Lewis, since you refuse to relent, I'll make the decision then. Guards, seize this venomous woman and make her kneel and apologize to Isla!" 
As soon as these words were spoken, two bodyguards entered through the doorway. 
They walked straight up to Keira, ready to grab her by the shoulders. 
Just as Keira was about to strike back, the man beside her suddenly pressed her shoulder and promptly stepped forward to swiftly repel the two men, shouting, "Tom!" 
Several bodyguards immediately surged in at the doorway, standing in front of Keira and Lewis, blocking the Horton family's bodyguards. 
These were Lewis's personal bodyguards, who took orders from Lewis alone. 
Moreover, these bodyguards were clearly not on the same level as those of the Horton family. Standing there, they made the regular Horton family bodyguards hesitant to move forward. 
Nathan became furious. "You ungrateful creature, you've turned against us! After what you've done, are you trying to control us with force? I'm your father!" 
Lewis looked at him dispassionately, "You should be grateful you're my father." 
His words carried an ominous undertone, which even intimidated Nathan. "You, you really dare to commit patricide and fratricide?!" 
Lewis no longer wished to talk. 
Keira spoke for him. "Mr. Horton, why the rush? The child that Isla miscarried has been taken for testing. Once the results are in, won't the truth be revealed?"
###Chapter 190 Guilty Conscience
Chapter 190 Guilty Conscience
Isla was stunned by the accusation. "What? How could you do that?!" 
Keira sneered and looked at her. "What's wrong? Feeling guilty?" 
This remark made both Jake and Melissa turn their gaze towards Isla. 
Isla immediately retorted, "Guilty about what? Jake is my only man. Could the child possibly belong to someone else? It's just that I find you people to be so cruel. Not only have you harmed my child, but now you're treating the dead baby like this..." 
She clutched her stomach and cried. "My child, it's all my fault for not protecting you. They've taken your life and now they're subjecting you to such humiliation. I don't know if you can feel the pain... It's all because Mommy is useless..." 
Jake's eyes also reddened as he clenched his fists tightly, resentfully glaring at Keira and Lewis. 
Keira couldn't help but draw her lips in a thin line. "An embryo over a month old is just a cluster of cells, its pain receptors haven't even developed yet. Isla, stop putting on an act here..." 
Upon hearing this, Isla's expression stiffened slightly, then she bit her lip and looked fiercely at Keira. 
She was filled with hatred! 
Indeed, she had chosen to terminate the pregnancy herself, just to prevent Jake from actually following through with the amniocentesis. 
Moreover, with the support of the Clance Olsen family, it was clear they would take her side. Naturally, she should take this opportunity to firmly grasp Keira. 
If she could oust Keira from the Horton family and even assist the first branch of the family in wresting control of the Horton Group from Lewis, it would be great. 
But she hadn't anticipated that Lewis would go so far to protect that bitch! 
In the hospital room, Lewis had already gained the upper hand, entirely in control of the situation. 
Just then, a mocking voice suddenly came from the doorway. "Lewis, you can't be too overbearing in your actions! You've taken control of Mrs. Olsen's room, and now you want to control Isla's room as well? Do you really take my Uncle Olsen for decoration?" 
Ellis appeared at the doorway, followed by several bodyguards, ready to confront the bodyguards of Lewis. 
Seeing him, Isla's eyes lit up, and she immediately cried out, "Mr. Olsen, you've arrived just in time. You must stand up for me!" 
After she spoke, she burst into tears again. "Keira, you're simply too malicious. You've bedridden my mom and caused me such harm. You're here for revenge, aren't you? It's all because my mom and I don't have a strong backing, so you do whatever you please!" 
She sobbed, looking very pitiable. 
Ellis immediately ordered, "Bring Keira to me!" 
Lewis stood in front of Keira. "I'd like to see who dares!" 
Ellis stared him down, "Uncle Olsen said, he's decided to protect Mrs. Olsen's daughter. Are you sure you want to be his enemy?" 
Lewis frowned upon hearing that. 
He said coolly, "Tell your Uncle Olsen that I'm not interested in Isla. I am just stating the facts. The DNA test results will be out in three hours at the earliest. I also hope he won't be here sheltering the instigator by that time." 
With that statement, Lewis took Keira by the hand and strode out of the room. 
Nathan tried to call him back. "You get back here!" 
Regrettably, Lewis acted as if he hadn't heard a word. 
Nathan was livid. "Ungrateful creature! You're far too arrogant!! We won't tolerate this!" 
Ellis blocked his path at the doorway. "Lewis, you can leave, but not her! This illegitimate daughter has bullied Isla, and today she must answer for it!" 
With a wave of his hand, the bodyguards behind him moved forward to apprehend Keira but were stopped by Lewis's bodyguards. 
A standoff ensued between the two sides. 
Ellis looked on coldly. "Lewis, are you sure you want to have a fight here?" 
This was a Horton family hospital, and Mrs. Olsen's ward wasn't far away. 
These bodyguards were all veterans. If a fight broke out, it would be destructive and could affect Mrs. Olsen... 
Keira stepped forward, about to say something when Lewis's gaze darkened. "I said, the truth will come out in three hours. Ellis, can't you even wait that long?" 
Ellis glanced into the room and spoke slowly, "Lewis, I think you're mistaken about something. The results in three hours don't matter to us. We have always been protecting Mrs. Olsen's biological daughter! Not the Horton family's grandson!" 
The implication was clear. 
No matter whose child was in Isla's womb, Uncle Olsen didn't care. 
His concern was that Keira had harmed the child in Isla's womb. 
Lewis frowned slightly. 
This was getting troublesome... 
Uncle Olsen was ruthless and often unreasonable. If he said he would protect Mrs. Olsen, then he would surely protect only Isla. Even if it turned out Isla's child wasn't from the Horton family, he probably wouldn't let Keira off easily. 
Lewis's gaze darkened. "What does Uncle Olsen want?" 
Ellis then looked at Keira. "Miss Olsen lost her child, so Keira must do something to atone... Keira, my uncle is just downstairs. Do you dare to come with me to meet him?" 
"Impossible." 
Lewis looked at him. "Isla's child has nothing to do with Keira, and I won't let you take her away!" 
Ellis scoffed. "Lewis, that's not up to you." 
The atmosphere at the scene was tense, and it seemed as though a fierce battle could erupt at any moment. 
At this critical juncture, Keira suddenly stepped forward. She looked at Lewis. "I'll go with him."
###Chapter 191 Father-in-Law
Chapter 191 Father-in-Law
"No." 
Lewis abruptly grabbed her hand. "You don't know Uncle Olsen. He's domineering in his actions and won't give you a chance to explain. If I'm not mistaken, as soon as you and Ellis go downstairs, he'll cripple one of your legs!" 
Keira's pupils constricted. 
She looked at Ellis, only to see the man digging in his ear. "My third uncle said an arm and a leg would suffice as an apology," he said. 
Keira remained silent. 
Was it really like that? 
She frowned, about to say something more, when Lewis stepped forward. "Let's each take a step back. I'll go down with you, and we can talk to Uncle Olsen." 
Ellis pulled the finger he had been using to clean his ear, blew on it as though to remove something nonexistent, and chuckled. "I don't mind you going down to chat with my third uncle, but how is this each taking a step back?" 
He looked at Lewis. "I'll have the bodyguards guard all the exits here, to avoid you pulling a fast one and having her escape while we're distracted." 
After the two sides reached an agreement, Lewis looked at Keira. "Just stay on this floor, and don't go anywhere else." 
"Okay." 
Only then did Lewis go downstairs with Ellis. 
Their respective bodyguards remained upstairs, one group guarding Keira while the Olsen family guards watched them, to prevent Keira from escaping. 
Keira didn't want to stay in Isla's room, so she walked out, intending to return to Mrs. Olsen's room. 
But before she could leave the room, she heard Isla say, "Keira, you used to do whatever you wanted because of Uncle Lewis, but this time, I've got the Clance Olsen family backing me up! Don't think I'm afraid of you! As long as you apologize and admit your mistake, I might consider letting you off." 
Keira laughed at the remark. "Really? The Horton family and the Olsen family are equals; do you think even with the support of the Olsen family, the Horton family would want a woman who's pregnant with another man's child? Here, have a saying for you. 'One who has brought it upon themselves cannot live.'" 
Isla was speechless! 
Jake then barked angrily. "Keira, even at a time like this, you're still attacking Isla! She's the Olsen's daughter, do you think she'll be treated the same as you, an illegitimate daughter? You married Uncle Lewis, yet you're still pestering me!" 
Keira couldn't be bothered to explain the matter, simply lowering her gaze and saying, "There's no point in these senseless words now; everything will be clear in three hours." 
Leaving behind these words, she turned and left the room, going back to Mrs. Olsen's. 
The Olsen family's guards were on high alert as soon as they saw her leave the room. Once they saw her enter Mrs. Olsen's room, they relaxed. 
In the room, several members of the Horton family looked at Isla. 
Melissa narrowed her eyes and immediately asked, "Isla, tell me, is this child really Jake's?" 
Isla's eyes flickered, and she blurted out, "Mom, how can you say that? Of course, it's Jake's baby! The family head of the Olsen family is sitting downstairs right now. You don't have to be afraid. He will stand up for me." 
Melissa scoffed. "Are you threatening me?" 
Immediately, Isla waved her hands. "Not at all, how could I! Mom, I only mean to say we don't have to be afraid of Uncle Lewis..." 
"You'd better be right!" Melissa glared at her fiercely. "Just let me tell you. There's one thing Keira was absolutely right about: even if the Clance Olsen family is backing you up, if this child isn't Jake's, the Horton family won't be able to shelter you!" 
Isla immediately clenched her fists. "I understand, Mom." 
Jake couldn't help but interject, "Mom, why are you bringing this up at all? Surely you're not swayed by Uncle Lewis and Keira's words? How could the child in Isla's belly not be mine?" 
Melissa said, "She did, after all, get pregnant before marriage." 
"That's not a problem! What era are we living in now... Besides, the DNA test results will be out in three hours, then we'll know, won't we?" 
Jake said casually. 
He didn't realize that this comment made Isla immediately clench the sheets tight. 
She had thought that after the miscarriage, there would be no chance for amniotic fluid testing, but to her surprise, Keira and Lewis had managed to have the doctors collect the embryo from the miscarriage, effectively cutting off her way out! 
Isla was infuriated to death. 
Unable to sit still and wait for doom, she took out her phone. 
... 
Downstairs. 
After Uncle Olsen's car door opened, Lewis got in. 
Uncle Olsen opened his eyes and glanced at him, then coldly said, "What? Are you here to plead for that illegitimate daughter?" 
Lewis responded indifferently, "She hasn't done anything wrong. The child isn't Jake's. Isla had an intentional miscarriage and framed her." 
Uncle Olsen raised an eyebrow, his body still radiating an icy chill, "Then why would Isla have a miscarriage and frame her? Even if she did nothing, her very birth is her fault." 
Lewis frowned. "I've told you before, Mrs. Olsen has never minded her existence." 
"Jodie's health has been deteriorating year by year. She must have a burden, and if not Keira, who else could it be? Lewis, we're not fools. Do you think that any married woman would truly not mind an illegitimate daughter?" 
Lewis clenched his jaw. 
No. 
Even though Mrs. Olsen treasured Keira so much, she must have minded at some point. 
Otherwise, Keira wouldn't have left the Olsen family so early, and her attitude towards Mrs. Olsen would not be a mix of love, fear, and avoidance... 
As for the Horton family, Oliver had a mistress and an illegitimate daughter outside, and Melissa had made countless scenes at home because of this. 
The reason Jake hated the illegitimate daughter was also because of this. 
Uncle Olsen's statement left no room for rebuttal. 
Lewis slowly said, "The overseas project we've been working on recently, I can let you have it." 
"There's no need," 
Uncle Olsen coldly refused. "Neither you nor I can be bought with money, so why say such things?" 
Lewis was just testing. 
But this test made Lewis feel even more troubled. 
Uncle Olsen had coveted that overseas project for a long time, proposing many deals to exchange for it, but now for the sake of the Olsen family, even that wasn't viable. 
He tensed his jaw. "No matter what, I won't let you bully Keira. Birth is not a choice, and she's never done anything wrong." 
"I've said, her birth means she owes the Olsen family." 
Uncle Olsen looked at Lewis. "But I'm not opposed to letting her go, provided you agree to one condition." 
"What is it?" 
"Divorce her, and marry my niece." 
After Uncle Olsen finished speaking, he stared coldly at Lewis. "I've always been interested in you as a son-in-law; it's a pity I don't have a daughter, otherwise, I would have forced a marriage upon you even if it meant tying you up. Lewis, this is my compromise. If you don't agree, then we can only break one of her arms or legs." 
Lewis immediately became furious. "You wouldn't dare!" 
"We could always try," 
Uncle Olsen said lightly. 
Lewis quickly clenched his fists. 
He and Uncle Olsen were evenly matched, neither superior nor inferior. 
If the two forces really clashed, the outcome would be nothing more than a pyrrhic victory. 
But he couldn't back down. 
As the two became locked in a standoff, Ellis, chuckling, interrupted, "Uncle, don't be so serious! Oh right, Lewis, didn't you have a photo you wanted to ask Uncle about? Let's take it out and have a look." 
Ellis wiped the cold sweat from his forehead. 
He knew that both men weren't afraid of making a scene, but this was a hospital; if a fight truly broke out, wouldn't they level the place? 
So, he had to interrupt with a lighthearted interjection.
###Chapter 192 Get Lost
Chapter 192 Get Lost
Lewis and Uncle Olsen turned to look at Ellis who had abruptly interrupted them. 
Then, both men opened their mouths at the same time and blurted out the same thing. 
"Get lost!" 
"Get lost!" 
Ellis was speechless. 
He twitched the corners of his mouth, unable to help himself. "The understanding between you two makes one think you're family. Uncle, I know you're fond of Lewis and want him to marry a girl from our family, and I also want him to marry my cousin. It allows me to show off being the older cousin in front of him! Keep it up!" 
Having said that, Ellis reluctantly took a step back. 
But his interjection had indeed diffused the formerly tense atmosphere. 
Lewis looked at Uncle Olsen again. "I'm flattered." 
Uncle Olsen scoffed coldly. "Don't think that by saying that I'll let that illegitimate daughter off the hook. I'm here this time to clear all obstacles for Jodie!" 
Lewis sighed. "I can understand that you want to protect Mrs. Olsen, but Keira is my wife, and it's my responsibility to protect her. Uncle, I'm afraid I'm going to offend you this time." 
Uncle Olsen squinted his eyes, emitting an aura of risking it all. "Then let's try." 
The situation downstairs was tense. 
Upstairs in the hospital ward, Keira was also secretly worried about Lewis. She stood by the window, looking down at the situation in the parking lot. 
Suddenly, a flurry of footsteps rang out, and Keira turned to see Poppy rushing into the ward. 
Her gaze landed first on Taylor; her pupils shrank slightly at his appearance, clearly pained. She approached him. "Taylor, you..." 
"Get out." 
Taylor didn't have the strength to speak loudly, but his short reply was powerful enough to leave Poppy speechless. 
She awkwardly stepped back, then turned her fierce gaze toward Keira, storming over to her and raising her hand to strike her. "You bitch, I heard you caused Isla's miscarriage? The Olsen family raised you, and Isla is your master. How dare you treat her like this? I'll beat you to death!" 
But before her hand could land on Keira's face, Keira grabbed her wrist and pushed her away forcefully. 
Keira looked at her coldly. "Don't try to control me with that old routine again. I'm grown up now, Poppy, we have no relation anymore!" 
"No relation?" 
Poppy snorted with disdain. "I'm your mother. How could there be no relation between us? Keira, the blood in your veins is mine. If you want to sever ties with me, you'd have to bleed out completely! You can't do it; you can't pay it back! You must follow my words! You go now, immediately, this instant, and apologize to Isla. Beg for her forgiveness on your knees! And if she doesn't forgive you, you'll have to remove your uterus as recompense!" 
Keira's eyes widened in shock. 
She started to doubt whether she had heard the woman correctly. 
Although she had always known Poppy disliked and despised her, she never imagined Poppy could say such cruel words! 
Remove her uterus? Just to earn Isla's forgiveness? 
She couldn't help but laugh. 
That laughter was bitter but tinged with a sense of release. 
Yes, her mother had never loved her. 
Seeing no response from her, Poppy said, "Did you hear me? I told you to remove your uterus. I'll book the surgery for you right now. You caused Isla to lose a child, so I'll make sure you can never have children as punishment!" 
She grabbed Keira's arm, trying to pull her out. 
But Keira just stood there, and she couldn't get out the door. 
Poppy turned around and glared at her. "Keira! Do you dare to disobey me? Get down on your knees!" 
"Get down..." 
These two words were the ones that Keira had heard the most from her childhood. Every time Poppy got angry, the first thing she would say was these two words. 
And then she would take out the homemade whip and lash out mercilessly at her! 
Keira's gaze turned even colder, and she replied, "Poppy, I won't listen to you anymore." 
"What did you call me? You unfilial daughter, ungrateful wretch! I gave birth to you; is this how you repay me? Keira, do you believe I'll call the police right now, claiming you refuse to provide for me in my old age? I will take you to court and have you jailed!" 
Poppy was jumping madly, her voice spreading from the hospital room... 
In Isla's hospital room. 
They could vaguely hear something, and Isla immediately threw off the blankets and got out of bed. "What's going on with my mom? I'll check on her..." 
Jake immediately supported her arm, "I'll go with you." 
But Isla paused slightly in her steps. "Okay." 
They quickly arrived at Mrs. Olsen's hospital room, and as soon as they entered, they heard Poppy's shrieking. "You bastard! You're an illegitimate daughter! How dare you treat Miss Isla like this? You're utterly heartless!" 
Isla immediately said, "Aunt Hill? What are you doing here?" 
Upon hearing this, Poppy immediately turned her head to look at them, then "bang", she knelt down in front of Isla, "Miss Isla, it's all Keira's fault. I apologize on her behalf! She must be jealous of you and young Mr. Horton, that's why she did such a thing. Test assured, I'll make her give you an explanation!" 
Isla's eyes flickered, "Aunt Hill, don't say that... After all, she is also Dad's daughter and my sister... Let it be. I won't pursue this matter anymore. Let's leave it at that!" 
Jake immediately said, "Isla, no, I don't agree. This matter must be explained by her!" 
Isla sighed. "Jake, my mom is still unconscious, and she also liked Keira a lot. I don't want to make her wake up to this and be in pain again..." 
Jake was stunned. 
Hearing this, Poppy immediately looked at Keira. "Did you hear that? Aren't you going to thank Miss Isla? She's so magnanimous and is able to let go of such a thing... Kneel and bow to her right now!" 
Keira didn't move but scoffed. "Nice acting." 
Jake instantly became furious. "Keira, enough is enough! Isla has been yielding time and again only to be pushed further by you! I knew it, ungrateful wretches like you can never be satisfied. Your appetite grows larger and larger, and you're utterly shameless! I tell you, even if Isla no longer pursues it, I'll pursue it to the end with you! You've killed my child, and I'll never let this go!" 
"Your child?" Keira scoffed, "Wait until the test results come back, then we'll see if it's your child or not!" 
Jake sneered. "At this point, you still have the nerve to talk back!" 
While they were talking, Tom had already obtained the DNA test results and rushed in briskly. "Miss Olsen, Boss requested an expedited comparison of the embryo and Mr. Jake's DNA, and the result is out!" 
Upon hearing this, Keira looked up. 
Isla's pupils shrank! 
Weren't they supposed to take three more hours?! Why was it expedited?!
###Chapter 193 Kneel
Chapter 193 Kneel
Isla’s eyes betrayed a trace of panic as her gaze was firmly locked onto that report.
Tom then walked in and handed the report to Keira.
Keira glanced at it, and sure enough, it didn’t match.
She looked at Jake with a smile that wasn’t quite a smile.
Jake sneered. “Now that the report is out, let’s show it to everyone and see what’s going on!”
Right as Keira was about to hand the report over to Jake, a hand suddenly reached out and snatched the report away.
Poppy glanced at the report, and her pupils
immediately contracted. She stared at Isla in disbelief.
Isla’s eyes flickered guiltily. “Aunt Hill, why are you looking at me? Show us the report now…It can prove my innocence!”
Jake also said, “Exactly, bring it over to prove Isla’s innocence, so Uncle Lewis and Keira stop framing her!”
But as Jake came over to take the report, Poppy
suddenly crumpled it into a ball and stuffed it into her mouth.
Everyone was dumbfounded
Jake was shocked. “What are you doing?”
Isla also asked anxiously, “Aunt Hill, what are you doing? Spit out the report…”
But the more they said, the more resolute Poppy became, swallowing it forcefully. “This report is fake. I can’t show it to you! Otherwise, if you leave evidence behind, what if you sue Keira?”
Jake was furious. “You…!”
The corners of Isla’s lips curled slightly.
She had brought Poppy here just for this moment.
Unfortunately, her smug expression didn’t last long on her face before she heard Keira’s clear, cold voice. “It’s just a report, isn’t it? If it’s eaten, just print another.
Tom…
Tom smiled, “Alright, I’ll go print another one now…”
With that, he left the room.
Poppy glared viciously at Keira, then suddenly turned to Jake. “Young Mr. Horton, could you please leave first? I’ll try to persuade Keira to confess…”
Jake sneered. “She killed my child. Why should I give her that chance?!”
Poppy was a bit at a loss for a reply.
Then Isla said, “Jake, for the sake of us having been classmates, I’m willing to give Keira a chance…”
Classmates for four years…
Jake pursed his lips, thinking of the four years when he pursued Keira with simple and pure intent.
He looked at Keira again, suddenly feeling a bit soft-hearted. “Fine, Keira, I’ll give you this one chance. If you admit your wrong deeds and accept the punishment, I’ll let it drop. Otherwise, I definitely won’t let you off!”
Having said that, he turned to leave.
Isla said, “I’ll stay behind to persuade her too…”
“Fine.”
After Isla saw Jake out, she closed the door, isolating
the bodyguards and everyone else’s prying eyes, then she turned around with a vicious look and dropped the pretense completely. “Keira, you are not allowed to take out that report!”
Seeing her change of face, Keira scoffed. “Why not?”
“Because you’re not allowed! Where’s your reason?” Isla glared at her. “If you take it out, it’ll spell disaster
for me!”
Keira looked at her. “You brought this upon yourself by lifting a stone only to drop it on your own foot. What does that have to do with me? If you hadn’t framed me, I wouldn’t be so petty with you…”
“You…!”
Keira’s face turned cold. “Isla, don’t mistake my repeated concessions for weakness! This time, it’s a
mess of your own making!”
Isla clenched her fists tightly.
Poppy exclaimed in surprise. “Isla, why isn’t the child young Mr. Horton’s? How can it not be young Mr. Horton’s? Who’s the father?”
Isla frowned in disgust. “It doesn’t matter whose it is.
The Horton family must not find out about this; otherwise, I’m done for!”
If she divorced Jake, especially under these
circumstances, even with the protection of the Clance Olsen Family, she wouldn’t be able to find a respectable new husband!
Upon hearing this, Poppy immediately nodded in agreement. “Yes, they must not know!”
After saying this, she turned directly to Keira. “You ungrateful creature, you better keep quiet! Do you hear me?! Seal your lips, and you also need to persuade Lewis to keep quiet as well! If Isla gets divorced by the Horton family because of this, you’ll have to answer to me!”
Keira said indifferently, “Whatever.”
“You…!”
Poppy pointed at her, furious, but as she looked up at Keira, taller than her, and thought about her combat skills, she realized she was now completely powerless against her.
A ruthless look flashed in Poppy’s eyes.
“Bang!”
Suddenly, Isla knelt in front of Keira.
Poppy was startled, then rushed over, grabbing Isla by the arm. “Isla, you’re the young miss, how can you kneel to her? Get up…”
But Isla pushed Poppy away, her face no longer showing madness but just calmness. “Keira, I’m begging you, please spare me this once.”
Keira looked down at her from above.
A trace of confusion flickered in her eyes.
Ever since they were young, she was always Isla’s sidekick. When they were kids, Isla would often make her kneel…
She had knelt to put shoes on for Isla…
She knelt so Isla could step on her to mount a horse…
She knelt to scrub the floor at the Olsen’s house…
She knelt in front of Isla to be scolded…
It wasn’t until middle school that she regained her dignity and never knelt before anyone again.
kneel before her.
Yet, there was no sense of vindication from revenge, only the realization of how naive and ridiculous her younger self had been!
Keira gazed at her, saying, “I told you. It was you who framed me first. That report was the only evidence I had to prove my innocence.”
Isla shouted immediately, “It doesn’t matter. I’ll tell everyone I won’t pursue it. I’ll help prove you’re innocent and say it wasn’t intentional… Right, and there’s the Clance Olsen family-I’ll plead for you too. Keira, the Clance Olsen family has more power than the Horton family. Do you really think Lewis’s appearance downstairs can suppress Uncle Olsen? If Uncle Olsen really gets angry, Lewis won’t be able to protect you! But I can…”
Isla tried to persuade her first, and upon seeing her unmoved, she began to make threats. “Of course, if I really get divorced by the Horton family, I’ll definitely beg my dad to disown you! But if you just step back and admit your mistakes, I can make everyone forgive you. Isn’t that the best of both worlds… How about it?”
Keira lowered her gaze. “There’s something I don’t
understand.”
“What?”
“Why did you want to abort the child?”
As Keira finished the sentence, her hand slipped into her pocket and turned on the voice recorder.
None of them noticed her subtle movement, especially with her phone in her other hand. Upon hearing this question, Isla’s eyes flashed with ruthlessness, and without any hesitation, she confessed.
“Because this child is an obstacle on my path to happiness! As long as it exists, it’s a threat to me! What if after it’s born, it doesn’t resemble Jake? Keeping it means endless trouble. It’s just a baby. I’m still young. I can always have many more in the future…”
To appear sincere and convince Keira, Isla was blunt with her words. It was the first time she exposed her true feelings in front of them. “I must marry into the Horton family to lead a life above others, Keira. You don’t understand! This is my obsession! For this, I can sacrifice everything!!”
###Chapter 194 The Truth Revealed
Chapter 194 The Truth Revealed
Isla's words were remarkably candid. 
Yet, Keira heard nothing but cold-blooded ruthlessness in them. 
Since Isla's miscarriage, Keira had been feeling very distressed. 
To simply discard a baby like that, Isla was just too cruel. 
But Keira quickly adjusted her emotions and continued to set her trap. "Don't you consider the father's feelings? Does he know about the child's existence?" 
"The child's father?" 
Isla was unaware that Keira had known for some time that Connor was the father of the child, so she said disdainfully, "That was just me playing around. He's a toy, which I've long since thrown away!" 
Having achieved her ive, Keira silently sighed. 
She turned off the recording pen. 
Then she took out her phone, the recording pen was connected to the phone's Bluetooth, so at this moment there was a recorded voice message on the phone, which she sent directly to Holly via WhatsApp. "Take this and play it for Connor." 
She knew anyone who heard these heartless words would no longer keep Isla's secret for her. 
In this game, she had already won. 
"What are you doing? Miss Isla is talking to you, and you're playing with your phone?!" Poppy suddenly stood beside Keira, barking angrily. "Agree to Miss Isla's request now and then immediately go and clarify to Jake that the report was forged by you. Isla's child is Jake's!" 
Poppy righteously stated, "This is the first time Miss Isla has asked you for something! You must agree to her request!" 
After sending the message, Keira put away her phone and, upon hearing this, she found it laughable. "Why should I agree just because she asks? When I was a child, I asked her for many things. Did she agree to any of them?" 
As a child, every time Isla was unhappy, she would take it out on her. 
Keira was young and naive, kneeling and begging her to spare her, but Isla remained superior, calling her lowly and telling her to dream on. 
Keira was no saint; she couldn't possibly agree to Isla's request. 
She looked down on Isla from a higher position. 
But she saw Isla's eyes were filled with determination, and Isla suddenly smiled. "Why? Just because you are an illegitimate daughter and I'm Miss Olsen! Because the Olsen family raised you, because you took away my father, made my mother miserable for life! Keira, you owe the Olsen family!" 
Keira's pupils slightly contracted. "The time I gave up Jake to you, I paid back the Olsen family's kindness..." 
"You haven't settled the debt!" Isla stood straight, rising from the ground, bending over to pat her knees, her eyes twinkling with malice. "A child can never fully repay her parents for raising her! Keira, without the Olsen family, you would have died long ago! The debt you owe the Olsen family is a life! 
"Tell me, how much is your life worth? Do you think what you've done so far can settle that?" 
Isla stepped forward, pressing Keira, and then pointed to Mrs. Olsen lying in the hospital bed. "And look, look at my dad and mom!!" 
She pointed to Taylor and said, "My dad made a mistake once, but if it weren't for you, why would the Olsens have taken you and your mother in?! It's the existence of you that has been a thorn in my parents' hearts! Look at him..." 
Isla pointed to Taylor, who seemed oblivious to the outside world; despite the long dispute in the room, Taylor hadn't spoken a word as if he hadn't heard anything. 
He looked haggard and disheveled, barely drinking water just to avoid using the toilet. 
His gaze was fixed on Mrs. Olsen, and he seldom blinked as if in fear that Mrs. Olsen would suddenly disappear... 
Isla pointed at him and berated Keira. "Dad loves Mom so much, but it's because of you that Mom softened her heart to keep you, ruining any chance between my parents! Do you believe that if Mom doesn't make it through this time, Dad will follow her without hesitation?!" 
Keira was slightly taken aback. 
Isla then pointed to Mrs. Olsen on the hospital bed. "And my mom, what kind of legal wife truly tolerates an illegitimate daughter born of a mistress?! You were about to starve, but she saved you, helped you go to school, and watched you grow up. Have you ever considered where her pain came from? 
Why did she contract a coughing disease? It's all from worry and overthinking! Dad loves Mom so much, that life at home has never been a concern for her. Her only worry has been you! Do you know, for all these years, my parents have never shared a room?!" 
Keira's usually straight back showed a trace of collapse upon hearing these words... 
She had always told herself that the mistakes were Poppy's, not hers, which finally freed her from Poppy's curse-like brainwashing. 
But at this moment, Isla's words made her understand, it was all in vain, because... 
"You think you're innocent, don't you? But did you know, that some people's very existence is the original sin? You don't kill but someone dies because of you! Keira, do you still think that you are truly innocent?" 
Isla took a step forward, as she became serious, her words piercingly sharp. 
Her background and position gave her the right to accuse herself... 
Keira unconsciously stepped back half a step... 
"And there's me, Keira, I was clearly the most beloved daughter to Mom and Dad. I should have had the happiest family. If it hadn't been for you, even if Dad made a mistake, he would have had a lifetime to make Mom forgive him! Time is the best healer, and Mom would have forgiven Dad... but it's because of your existence, constantly reminding them of Dad's mistake in the past! Every day I had to carefully coax Mom and Dad. As a child, I woke up crying countless times, terrified that they might get divorced..." 
Isla spoke in the calmest voice, uttering the cruelest words in the world. 
"And it's all thanks to you!!" 
Keira swayed, and she fell into a chair. 
She was astonished and shocked. 
Disbelief flashed in her eyes as she looked at Isla, her gaze turning to confusion and panic, and she couldn't restrain a slight tremble. 
Yes... 
Her existence had always been a mistake. 
Mrs. Olsen's worries and overthinking were because of her! 
Keira clenched her fists tightly, once again despising her own origins, even feeling that the blood she inherited from Poppy was filthy... 
Isla looked at her coldly. 
This was her ultimate move to use against Keira! 
Keira, with a strong sense of morality, burdened with guilt toward Mrs. Olsen, had always blamed herself for her existence. Combined with Poppy's and her lifelong indoctrination, even after growing up and changing her perspective, she still believed her birth was a sin. 
Isla suppressed the smile tugging at her lips, bent down, and whispered into Keira's ear. "So, you owe me! You owe the Olsen family! Keira, you'll never be able to repay it all!" 
Keira bit her lip fiercely, staring at Isla, then turning to Poppy. 
Poppy's face was even more detestable. "Right, you ungrateful creature and illegitimate daughter. What right do you have to compete with Miss Isla? Are you not a lowborn? You should immediately admit your wrongdoing, take on all the guilt, and repay your sins!" 
She reached out and snatched Keira's ear harshly, pointing at Isla and shouting, "Illegitimate daughter, kneel before Miss Isla!" 
Illegitimate daughter... 
It was like a curse! 
She forced Keira to stand up and face Isla. 
Despair filled Keira's eyes. 
She felt as if she was back in her childhood, back in that cramped basement... 
It was she who caused Mrs. Olsen's unhappiness, she who caused Mrs. Olsen to occasionally stare into space and weep... it was her existence that made Mrs. Olsen heartbroken. 
She, such a rotten person, only deserved to stay in a filthy gutter forever, right? 
Keira gave a bitter smile. 
Isla looked at her again. "So, Keira, do you agree to my request? You go tell Jake that the report was forged by you... you owe it to me!" 
She pushed Keira toward the door. "Go now and tell him..." 
But Keira suddenly stopped in her tracks, head bowed, and then she suddenly spoke, "Isla..." 
Isla was startled. 
Meanwhile, inside the detention center. 
Holly, upon receiving Keira's WhatsApp message, immediately summoned Connor for questioning. 
Once inside, she played the recording for Connor to hear. 
The venomous and cold-blooded words of Isla, like knives, cut deep into Connor's heart! 
He clutched his chest in pain, "No, it can't be like this, how can she treat me like this!!" 
Holly looked at him coldly, like a stern and impartial judge. "Connor, you heard the recording. Are you still sure you want to keep secrets for such a person?!" 
Connor clenched his fists tightly. 
His chest heaved, and he was on the verge of collapse with tears rolling down his cheeks. 
Suddenly he revealed a vicious look. "Well done, Isla. For your wealth and status, you can sacrifice me, sacrifice our child, then don't blame me for being heartless!" 
He turned to Holly and said slowly, "Let me tell you a secret. Keira is Mrs. Olsen's real daughter! Isla is a fake! It was Poppy who secretly switched the children years ago!"
###Chapter 195 Father and Son
Chapter 195 Father and Son
Connor laughed maniacally. 
But Holly was shocked by his words and stared at him in disbelief, "What are you saying? How is that possible!" 
After several thoughts flashed through her mind, she looked at Connor incredulously. "So you mean, you and Isla, you guys are actually..." 
Connor's smile faded from his face. "Yeah, her mom is my aunt..." 
He then lowered his head, covering his face. "Do you want to call me a bastard? But I didn't know. How could I have known!!" 
All he knew was that his dad was a gambler. 
In those dim days when everyone despised them, Isla was like a ray of light shining into his life. 
Isla tutored him and took him out to enjoy delicious food... 
She was like a fairy from high above, and he couldn't help but become infatuated with her. 
He had just fallen for the girl next door, who was only two years his senior. So, after getting into college, they couldn't contain their feelings. 
He truly didn't understand anything. 
Then Isla told him that his dad was threatening her, asking her for two million... but where could she find two million? Isla cried miserably, which made him conceive the idea of killing his father! 
His father could harm anyone in the world, but he absolutely couldn't harm Isla!! 
Connor devised a perfect plan... 
He took the money to the abandoned hospital to find Finley, took out his phone, and had Finley record those words, fooling him into thinking that if Keira caused him any harm, he could use those words to threaten Keira. 
Finley wasn't a good father and had gambled away everything. 
But Finley was also a good father. 
Connor's tuition fees were all scammed by him, but Finley at least never let Connor go hungry. 
In this world, his only concern was Connor. 
After recording, Finley told him, "I have something on Isla. It's with this that I make her behave. If something really happens to me, you can use that to threaten her." 
Connor nodded. He wasn't interested in the leverage on his old flame... he just wanted to help her get rid of this man! 
He bitterly pushed Finley toward the steel bar behind him! 
When the steel bar pierced through Finley's chest, he was in disbelief and stuttered, asking, "Why, why?" 
Connor sneered coldly. "You made it so I can't lift my head in front of others, that's one thing, but you should never have threatened Isla! Dad, she is the woman I love the most..." 
Finley's eyes widened in shock. "How can you be in love with her? You cannot, you cannot..." 
"Because she's the only one who's been kind to me." 
Finley was stunned. He realized something before he died. Mustering the last of his strength, he shouted the last sentence of his life, "But she's your aunt's daughter! I personally switched her at birth with your aunt!" 
He had no more words left after that shout. 
Connor was dumbfounded at the time. 
But he didn't have time to savor the meaning of these words, because outside Keira had arrived... 
He jumped out the window to escape and then, following the original plan, re-entered the room. His mind buzzing, he cooperatively acted out a scene, framing the suspicion on Keira. 
Conveniently at the time, he had just sacrificed his father, and that complicated emotional state was something the police could understand. 
His confused and shocked emotions fit the scene at the time. 
But after completing the statement, returning to his dorm room, and lying on his bed staring at the ceiling, he was in a daze. 
There were things he dared not think about. 
Yet suddenly, he understood why when everyone else shunned him, why when he was dirty and had no means of taking a bath at home, Isla suddenly appeared by his side. 
She was clean and pure, and her smiling face was beautiful as she watched him. 
But her approach, it turned out, was due to Finley's threats... 
She had never truly liked him; she just feared that angering him might displease Finley, and thus she went along with his unrequited love. That was why he didn't dare to reject his advances! 
No, that wasn't it... 
Connor covered his face with a blanket, tears rolling down from the corners of his eyes. 
At that moment, he suddenly realized that in this world, the person who loved him most had always been his father, but still, he was unwilling to believe it. 
Later on, Keira began waging a war of public opinion against him. 
He was so close to breaking down from the slurs at school, that his mindset had become problematic, and each time he sought her out, Isla always seemed very impatient. 
She seemed to wish for nothing more than to sever ties with him. 
The more she acted like this, the more he understood the truth, and the more guilt and sorrow he felt... 
Finally, he couldn't restrain himself and began to use that secret as a threat, forcing her to meet him! 
He thought he would be like his father, that just by revealing that secret, she would be threatened by him, but in the end, he still couldn't measure up to his father... 
Isla knew him too well. She was aware of his indecisiveness, and knowing he wouldn't want both to be destroyed, she threatened him in turn. 
The two of them seemed to be in some strange balance. 
Yet, he understood that he was ultimately at a disadvantage. 
Later, he realized that he had been losing from the start. 
Keira and Officer Holly had seen through his facade and had caught him. 
Since the truth of the murder was already known, how could he possibly allow Isla, who had induced him to kill his biological father, to live freely and happily outside? 
Connor went mad at that moment. 
He wanted to expose Isla's secret!! 
But what he never expected was that at the moment he was apprehended, when his phone was examined and turned over to the police, he saw a message from Isla. 
It showed that she was pregnant. 
Pregnant for five weeks. 
Five weeks… that child was his! 
Connor wanted to cry and laugh at the same time. 
He wanted to cry because it seemed like he could see the end of his life, and his remaining years would be spent in prison. 
What caused him to want to laugh was that he had a child. His child would be part of the Horton family, treated like a little princess or prince from birth, and never had to live the life he did. 
And for that, he shut his mouth again. 
He knew he was completely under Isla's control... 
During this time, Connor's mood was always one of anticipation. 
Every day, he silently calculated how big his child would be now, and how much longer until it would be born... 
This child had become his only hope. 
But now, even this hope had been shattered. 
Isla was truly ruthless. 
Connor bowed his head, suddenly covering his face. After revealing Isla's secret, he had foreseen her consequences, but for some reason, he felt no thrill of revenge in his heart and only a hollow emptiness. 
He suddenly burst into tears. 
His whole life was indeed a joke. 
How could he kill his most loving father, all for a woman?! 
He finally began to regret, with inconsolable remorse.
###Chapter 196 Confrontation
Chapter 196 Confrontation
In the hospital. 
Keira grabbed Isla's hand. 
Isla turned to look at her, "What's wrong?" 
Keira lowered her head, her expression obscured, but her helplessness and misery were palpable. 
It was as if her emotional defenses had crumbled. 
Yet the words she uttered next stunned Isla. "I won't do as you say." 
Isla frowned. 
Poppy, consumed by anger, hit Keira hard on the back several times. "You ungrateful creature, what are you saying? How dare you say no to Miss Isla?! I'll beat you to death!" 
After enduring a few blows, Keira suddenly pushed her away with force. 
Poppy staggered several steps backward and fell to the ground, then immediately jumped up. "Good heavens, you dare to lay a hand on me? I'm your mother!!" 
Her shrill voice finally got a reaction from Taylor. 
He frowned and looked toward them, promptly stood up, then walked over to them. He glanced at Keira, then at Isla, and finally at Poppy. "What are you arguing about?!" 
Just as Poppy was about to speak, Taylor suddenly raised his arm! 
"Slap!" 
He didn't slap Poppy but instead struck Keira's face hard! 
Keira hadn't expected him to hit her, given how weak he appeared. 
She held her cheek in shock, feeling the burning pain, and looked incredulously at Taylor. 
Taylor's gaze was grim as he glared at her. "It's you again. it's always because of you that our family is disrupted. Keira, why don't you just die? Why are you here bothering Shirley!" 
Keira let her hand covering her face slowly drop, and clenched her fist tightly. "You heard everything just now, right? It was Isla who carried someone else's child and framed me for causing her miscarriage. I'm just trying to prove my innocence!" 
"So what?!" Taylor rebuked vehemently. "She's Shirley's daughter, my daughter, but you're not! Even if Isla did something wrong, you have to take the blame for her!" 
Taking the opportunity, Poppy shouted, "Exactly, you owe that to the Olsens. If you want to sever ties with the Olsens and have nothing to do with us ever again, then strip off this flesh, remove your tendons and bones, then return your flesh and blood to us!" 
After that, she sneered. "I'm sure you can resurrect, can't you? Keira, let me tell you, your life was given by me, so it can only be mine! Unless you die, you can never escape my curse for the rest of your life! I'll follow you like maggots on bones. When I get old, you'll have to provide for me, or else I'll make trouble. I'll sue you! In Crera, filial piety comes first. I don't believe you can do anything to me!!" 
She placed her hands on her hips, her demeanor arrogant. 
But Keira wasn't having any of it. "We'll deal with the future later. Today, I must restore my own innocence!" 
She looked directly at the three people in front of her. 
Word by word, with resounding force, she said, "I, Keira, will not bear any debts that are not mine, nor will I bear any blame that is not mine!!" 
She stepped forward, her gaze fixed on Poppy. At that moment, she felt a true strength rising within her. "I couldn't choose my birthright. I owe you a life, if you can, take this life!" 
Poppy was intimidated by her forcefulness and involuntarily took a step back. 
Keira then looked at Taylor. "I'm not your daughter; the money that the Olsen family spent on me over the years has been repaid long ago. I owe the Olsens nothing! All these lies were concocted by Poppy, and they have nothing to do with me!" 
After leaving those words, she turned and walked out. 
Isla panicked and immediately shouted, "Keira, you are not allowed to tell!" 
Taylor also frowned. 
Isla knew she couldn't stop Keira and could only turn to Poppy with tears in her eyes. "Keira, if you reveal the truth, the Horton family will surely divorce me! Then I might as well be dead!" 
That sentence brought Poppy to her senses. 
She suddenly screamed, "Keira! Stop right there!" 
Keira didn't pause in her steps at all. 
But as she reached for the doorknob, a cry from Isla came from behind her. "Aunt Hill, what are you doing?!" 
Keira frowned and looked back, only to see a fruit knife grasped in Poppy's hand. She pressed against her own neck, her eyes almost crazed as she looked at Keira. "If you dare to go out and tell them the truth, I'll die right here! Keira, do you really want to drive your own mother to death?!" 
Keira's steps faltered slightly. 
She looked at Poppy with only scorn in her eyes. 
Was this her mother? 
As a child, she was completely controlled by her, but once she grew up and Poppy could no longer control her, she started to threaten her with her own life, seriously? 
Keira let out a mocking laugh. She looked at Poppy and said softly, "Then go ahead and die." 
Those few words made Poppy's pupils contract. 
Then, without any hesitation, Keira opened the door and walked out. 
As soon as she stepped out, she saw a group of people standing outside. 
Jake, Melissa, as well as Oliver and Nathan, were all there. 
In front of them stood several reporters. 
Melissa was there, tearfully complaining, "We asked you to come to show you just how heartless Lewis, the CEO of Horton Group, is! His wife killed my grandson, and now she doesn't even show a hint of guilt, but is instead very arrogant… We of the first branch of the family can't go on like this! My friends from the press, you are the most just in the world, please help us!" 
Her pitiful act made the reporters look solemn. 
Oliver and Nathan exchanged glances, excitement flashing in their eyes. 
In this era of the internet, public opinion was definitely the biggest weapon! 
If these reporters wrote about the domineering and tyrannical behavior of Lewis, he would be forced to step down from the leadership of the Horton Group! By then, the first branch could use this opportunity to rise to the top! 
Oliver looked at Jake with a warmer gaze. 
He hadn't expected his son's wife to cause such a big problem for Lewis! 
This time, Lewis was definitely caught in a bind! 
The reporters, upon hearing this, picked up their microphones and were slightly taken aback when they saw Keira emerge. 
Melissa immediately pointed at Keira and shouted, "That's her, Lewis's wife. She's domineering and tyrannical at home. Knowing full well that my daughter-in-law was pregnant, she still pushed her forcefully, causing a miscarriage... She did it on purpose!" 
With that, the reporters immediately rushed up to Keira. 
"Mrs. Horton, is this true?" 
"Why did you harm your nephew's wife and child?" 
"Were these actions instructed by Mr. Lewis Horton?" 
"..." 
Meanwhile, in the parking lot downstairs, a police car suddenly stopped, and Holly quickly got out of the car and ran upstairs at full speed!
###Chapter 197 Turn Around
Chapter 197 Turn Around
In the parking lot. 
Inside that luxurious car, Lewis and Uncle Olsen were still in a standoff. 
Seeing the police car, Uncle Olsen's eyes flickered for a moment. "Someone called the police?" 
Lewis recognized Holly. Seeing her hurried demeanor, he knew she must be there to help Keira. He didn't expose this connection and simply said indifferently, "Isn't it better that the police are here? If Keira really pushed Isla, she can be dealt with by the law!" 
Uncle Olsen stared at him. "Brat, don't play tricks in front of me. I've said it, even if that illegitimate daughter didn't push Isla, since Miss Olsen slandered her, then I'll make her pay the price!" 
Having said that, he got out of the car. 
Lewis immediately followed. "Uncle Olsen would like to go upstairs to have a look?" 
Uncle Olsen lowered his gaze and pondered for a moment before looking at Ellis. "You keep an eye on them, and if Isla suffers any disadvantage, come and call for people." 
Ellis nodded and then ran upstairs. 
After he left, Uncle Olsen then turned to Lewis. "If Miss Jodie and her daughter are wronged, I don't mind leveling this place to the ground!" 
Lewis looked him in the eye, "Uncle Olsen, I return the sentiment! If my wife is wronged, I won't hesitate to cross swords with you!" 
... 
Upstairs. 
Keira looked at the gathering of journalists, her lips curling into a cold smile. 
If the first branch of the family wanted to bring down Lewis, then she certainly wasn't going to let Isla off the hook... 
Keira glanced around at the people, and once the reporters quieted down, she spoke in a clear, frosty voice. "First, I didn't intentionally hurt anyone, and second, the child that Isla lost wasn't a Horton!" 
Her voice was very clear, allowing the reporters to hear her. 
The reporters were all in an uproar. "What is going on? Why would she say that?" 
Keira said, "Isla has had an affair with another man, and the child she lost wasn't Jake's. Fearing that the Horton family would discover after the birth, she slandered me, claiming I pushed her, and took the opportunity to terminate the pregnancy..." 
Melissa interrupted her with a tearful complaint. "Stop making excuses for your wrongdoing, and stop slandering my daughter-in-law with your nonsensical words here. It's ridiculous! Clearly, you and Lewis did something wrong, and yet you seek to throw dirt on us..." 
The reporters looked back and forth between Melissa and Keira, unsure whom to believe. 
One of them said, "Mrs. Horton, do you have any evidence for what you're saying?" 
Keira nodded. "Of course." 
Just then, Tom already had a DNA test report in hand, walking toward them. He didn't hand it to Keira but directly presented it to Melissa, "This is the DNA comparison result between the miscarried child and Mr. Jake. Please have a look." 
Melissa sneered at Keira before examining the report. 
At that moment, Isla and Poppy also came rushing out. 
Upon seeing the report, Poppy immediately panicked and looked at Isla, "Isla, what do we do now? I—I'll go and snatch the report back!" 
But Isla lowered her gaze, nervously clenching her fingers. 
She said, "That won't be necessary." 
Then she took two steps toward Melissa. 
Melissa glanced at the report, and her gaze instantly fixated on the three words "not a match." 
A flicker of surprise flashed across her face, which quickly turned into a fierce glare at Isla, "You..." 
Before she could finish speaking, Isla squeezed her hand and said, "Melissa, it's my fault that I've caused everyone so much trouble. Keira is an illegitimate daughter of my family, and she has always held a grudge against me. That's why she pushed me... It's my mistake. I failed to protect mine and Jake's child..." 
Indignation flashed across Melissa's face. 
That child was clearly not Jake's!! 
Jake had also walked up to the two of them. "Mom, show everyone this report. The Horton Group's test results all have their own security marks. Let me see if this report is fake!" 
An embarrassed look flashed across Melissa's face. 
Of course, she knew about the security marks; the report was real! 
She bit her lip, her thoughts went through several changes, and she finally clenched the report in her hand. She looked at Isla and said directly, "I didn't expect this report to be fake. Isla, I feel so sorry for you. When you were at your own home, you were targeted by that illegitimate daughter. But now that you're in the Horton family, with me and Jake to stand up for you, we'll never let you be wronged again! Today, Keira and Lewis must give you an explanation!!" 
Keira furrowed her brows upon hearing this. 
She didn't expect Melissa to cover for Isla! 
Wasn't the fact that Isla's child wasn't Jake's supposed to enrage the first branch of the family? 
But she quickly realized... 
She was wrong. These reporters weren't called here by Melissa but by Isla!! 
In front of so many reporters, if Melissa were to expose Isla's true colors, it would only make the first branch of the family look incompetent, allowing a daughter-in-law who could cause such a scandal. 
Moreover, her recent tearful complaint to the reporters was just to tarnish Lewis's reputation as domineering and overbearing! 
So, even if she found out now that Isla had deceived her, she wouldn't and couldn't expose her lies! 
Keira's gaze fell on Isla again. 
She had always known that her sister was scheming, but she didn't expect that at such a time, she still had back-up plans. 
Since Melissa couldn't expose her now, to get Jake to divorce her, other excuses would have to be found... At least in the short term, they couldn't divorce; otherwise, it would easily lead to speculation from the outside. 
This move by Isla was indeed formidable! 
Isla breathed a sigh of relief, knowing she had gambled correctly! 
She clenched her fists tightly and bowed her head, and suddenly her eyes reddened. "Keira, I really don't know why you hate me so much! It was you and your mom who ruined my family; why do you have to push me so hard? I've said that I won't hold you accountable for the miscarriage, so why do you have to create a fake paternity test report?" 
A harsh light flickered in her eyes. 
As long as the first branch of the family insisted the report was fake, then Keira's report would be rendered useless! 
The child was already lost; she could now firmly claim that the embryo they had left behind wasn't hers but was slandered by Keira! 
Jake also said angrily, "Keira, the tricks you and Uncle Lewis use are just too despicable!! The child is already gone; now isn't it just your word against ours!" 
Isla feigned tears. "Keira, the matter of the report is clear now. Do you have any other evidence to say the child wasn't mine?" 
Keira's jaw tensed; she hadn't expected to encounter such a situation where, in the face of absolute evidence, these people still refused to admit it. 
She chuckled derisively, and just as she was about to speak, Holly's voice suddenly rang out, "Who says there's no evidence?!"
###Chapter 198 Evidence
Chapter 198 Evidence
Holly stood gasping at the top of the staircase, her voice calm and indifferent, carrying a sense of impartiality and integrity that left no room for favoritism. 
Clad in her police uniform, her presence commanded respect. 
When Keira saw her, she was slightly taken aback. 
She had just sent that recording to Holly not more than half an hour ago, how had she managed to get here so quickly? 
As Keira pondered, Holly cut through the crowd of reporters, arriving in front of her. 
Isla's heart skipped a beat upon seeing her. 
But then she thought she was overreacting, that not every police sighting should remind her of Connor, who should have been transferred to his cell block by that time... right? 
As she was contemplating, Jake said, "Officer, what do you mean by that?" 
Holly answered, "It means that the child really isn't yours. There's no need to be too heartbroken over it." 
Upon hearing this, Melissa frowned. "Without evidence, such accusations shouldn't be made carelessly! Officer, do you realize the impact of rumors and slander can be deadly to a family's reputation?" 
Isla seized the chance to lower her head and weep. "Holly, I know you and Keira are good friends. You've been inseparable since middle school, but as a police officer, how can you be so biased! You should be seeking justice for someone like me!" 
Hearing this coaxing plea, Holly frowned, and with a cold laugh, she retorted, "Who says I don't have evidence?" 
She took out her phone, opened the photo album, and held up a photo for the first branch of the family to see. "Look carefully. This is the record of Isla and Connor checking into a hotel!" 
After saying this, she attempted to hand the photo to the reporters. 
Isla's pupils constricted. 
Hotel check-in records? 
Had Connor confessed? No, it couldn't be. It must have been discovered during the police investigation... 
She clenched her fists nervously. 
Jake was stunned, his disbelieving eyes turning toward Isla. 
Even Melissa's gaze sharpened. 
Isla swallowed hard. "Jake, listen to me, it's not like that..." 
She looked toward Melissa. "Mom, that's a fake, it's surely fabricated!" 
She then turned pleadingly toward Poppy. 
Poppy was still shocked by Holly's words. Isla and Connor... how could those two be involved with each other?! 
No, that wasn't right... 
Isla didn't even know Connor's identity, so that's probably why she made this mistake, right? 
Suddenly, Poppy felt relieved that the child had been miscarried. 
Just as she had this thought, she noticed Isla's pleading gaze. Instantly understanding what was happening, she rushed forward. "Officer Holly, I know you're speaking out for Keira's sake. But we are the ones at fault here..." 
She faced the reporters directly. "Friends from the media, I'm the mistress. I didn't intend to break up the Olsen family. Back then, Mr. Olsen and I made a mistake in a moment of drunkenness and then I got pregnant. Being pregnant and unable to find work, I was close to starving when Mrs. Olsen, out of kindness, took me in, and since then I've worked as a nanny in the Olsen family..." 
Tears began to flow as she continued. "I've always been grateful for the Olsen's kindness, and for many years, I have kept my distance from Mr. Olsen. Ever since she was small, I've been teaching this ungrateful creature to be aware of her place and not to long for the things she shouldn't have... 
Pointing at Keira, she said, "But she's been rebellious since childhood, always trying to compete with Miss Isla, even to the point of competing over men... Such a strong-willed daughter has really given me a headache! 
"I know I'm at fault. I didn't raise her well, and now she has started to slander Miss Isla and even collude with the police. She has become so heartless in her actions! 
Weeping bitterly, Poppy knelt in front of Isla. "Miss Isla, she really shouldn't have done this. She thought with Mr. Horton's support, she could do whatever she wished, but as her mother, I couldn't just stand by and watch her commit so many wrongs without discipline! I apologize to you on her behalf; I'll bow in her place!" 
Poppy said this and then hit her forehead on the ground. With a loud "bang," the sound was very resonant. This action was undoubtedly a confirmation of Keira's guilt! The surrounding journalists were all moved, their gazes shifting toward Keira. "Mrs. Horton, is the truth what your mother has stated?" "Mrs. Horton, have you really been doing whatever you please in the Horton family after marrying Mr. Horton?" "Mrs. Horton, the Olsen family raised you; how could you possibly repay kindness with ingratitude? A person like you is intolerable!" "Mrs. Horton, what goes around comes around. There's a saying that karma cycles, and retribution is certain! One should still have some conscience!" "Regardless of the circumstances, no matter what disputes adults have, children should not be involved! And to even slander them in return... Mrs. Horton, how can you be so shameless?" "..." The pressing questions from the journalists made Keira frown. Poppy had done things like this too often since they were young, and she had become numb to them. Holly, standing nearby, clenched her fists. She looked toward Keira again... Recalling the time in prison when Poppy would beat Keira, she couldn't understand how a mother could hate her own daughter so much. But now, she completely understood. Holly sneered, stepping directly in front of Keira, and with a piercing gaze toward the journalists, she said, "If you still think this hotel check-in proof is fake, I have other evidence!" Poppy immediately scoffed. "You're a police officer; isn't it very easy for you to forge evidence?" Holly sneered. "I might be able to fabricate other things, but what about a recording?" She took out her cell phone and played the recording of the conversation that Keira had with Isla earlier! The few sentences in the recording clearly conveyed that Isla was framing Keira, and the venomous words of Isla also caused the journalists to be deeply disturbed! Everyone, including the first branch of the family and Jake, turned their eyes unanimously towards Isla. Isla's eyes widened. She was certain that she had checked Keira's phone wasn't recording before she said those words. Where did this recording come from? Had Keira been prepared all along? Was Keira plotting against her?!! Isla's pupils contracted, and she couldn't help but exclaim in shock, "Keira, you bitch!" At the same time. Downstairs. After hearing Holly's words, Ellis immediately ran down the stairs to report the situation above. Uncle Olsen's pupils shrank, and without a second word, he charged into the stairwell. He had to help Isla! Lewis, seeing this, quickly followed suit.
###Chapter 199 Revelation
Chapter 199 Revelation
After the recording was presented, all the evidence was complete. 
Holly sneered, "Surely you won't say that the recording was also forged by me? I don't have that ability!" 
Now Isla had no way to deny it anymore. 
Upon hearing the recording, Jake was completely dumbfounded. 
He looked at Isla incredulously. "I never thought your mind could be so dark!" 
Isla wanted to explain, but opening her mouth, she didn't know what to say. 
Even Melissa frowned. She had never imagined that Keira would have prepared such comprehensive evidence, and now it was too late to deny it! 
Angry, she glanced at Isla and nervously looked at Oliver, only to see him frowning slightly, clearly very dissatisfied with how the situation was unfolding. 
Leaping to action, Melissa raised her hand and slapped Isla hard. "You whore!" 
Covering her face, Isla glared at Keira. "Are you satisfied with me coming to this, Keira?!" 
She screamed furiously, "Isn't this what you wanted, to pull this high and mighty Miss Olsen down from her cloud? Now that I've fallen into the mire, are you happy?!" 
Covering her face, she broke into tears. "You illegitimate daughter! You bitch! It's all because of you that I ended up here! It was you, always showing off at home, making me feel I had to marry Jake to get our parents' attention! It's you, all because of you!!" 
She knew that with things as they were, she could only push all the blame onto Keira to save herself! 
She cried out deliberately. "Jake, I was forced into this by this illegitimate daughter! She's too good at acting, and she charmed Mom and Dad so they only have eyes for her, not for me... Jake, I was wrong, but I really had no choice. Only by marrying you could I outdo her..." 
These words struck a chord with Jake. 
The illegitimate daughter from the first branch of the family was also better than Jake in every aspect, giving him and Melissa such a strong sense of crisis. 
The thing that Jake and Melissa hated the most was "illegitimate daughter," and even more so an excellent "illegitimate daughter"!! 
Jake understood this feeling too well. 
Even more so, this feeling surpassed the anger he felt when Isla deceived him. He grabbed Isla by the shoulders and turned to look directly at Keira, roaring, "Keira, what grudge do we have with you that you target Isla like this?!" 
Keira was perplexed. 
She found it funny. 
If Isla hadn't provoked her, would she go to such lengths to prove her innocence and say the child wasn't Jake's? 
Seeing this, Poppy immediately pounced on Keira, hitting and cursing her. "You ungrateful creature! By bullying Isla like this, it's your existence that caused her to become what she is now! Don't you realize your mistakes yet? Do you have to compete with Isla, to make her be divorced by the Horton family before you're satisfied? Why did I even give birth to a daughter like you? I might as well kill you right here!" 
Keira pushed her away. 
Poppy stumbled back a step, then crashed onto the ground, "I can't live like this, oh heavens, open your eyes and look! Look at this damned girl; she even hits her mother!" 
Her crying drew the attention of the reporters. 
Poppy pointed at Keira and raged. "I gave birth to you and raised you. Is this how you repay me? You even hit me! I get it now. You blame me for being a mistress, for my lowly background, right? That's why you never hold me in regard. You don't listen to me, you ungrateful wretch! If you really want to sever ties with me, then give back this life of yours!" 
Jake also berated, "Keira, you illegitimate daughter, how dare you!" 
The reporters started to speak. 
"Mrs. Horton, no matter what, how could you raise a hand against your own mother?" 
"Yes, even if she was a mistress, she gave birth to you and raised you... how could you hit her?" 
"Since ancient times in Crera, filial piety has been most important. Besides, your mother hasn't done anything too outrageous. She just scolded you a bit, not wanting you to keep harming Miss Olsen and wanting you to take the right path. How could you do this to her?" 
"Even animals recognize the depth of a mother's love for her children. How can you, being human, treat her this way?" 
"Illegitimate daughters have no manners! There's really something wrong with her character!!" 
"..." 
Everyone turned their accusations toward Keira, questioning and denouncing her one after another. 
Isla watched from the side, her lips slowly curling into a smile. 
The scene became noisy, and the sound of condemnation reached the stairwell. 
In the stairwell, a fierce struggle was also taking place. 
Uncle Olsen led his bodyguards up the stairs, while Lewis's bodyguards stood in opposition. 
Uncle Olsen's cold eyes met Lewis's. "Step aside." 
"No." 
A hint of madness appeared in Uncle Olsen's eyes, and wisps of red blood vessels stained his sockets; his entire demeanor was changing. 
It seemed like he was shifting from calm to crazed. 
His presence suddenly transformed, and he took a step forward. "I'll ask one last time. Will you step aside?" 
Lewis stood tall and straight, his figure imposing like a spear, sharp and defiant. "No." 
A wicked smile curled at the corner of Uncle Olsen's lips, and then he suddenly threw a punch! 
Lewis seemed to be expecting it, for the moment Uncle Olsen moved, he immediately counterattacked. 
"Bang!" 
Their fists met in mid-air, and at the moment of collision, it seemed like even the air vibrated. 
Both men put their full strength into that punch, and after it, both were forced to take two steps back. 
Uncle Olsen glared at him, his eyes extremely cold. 
Lewis frowned and said, "Uncle, my wife isn't wrong, and you won't get past me today." 
"Are you sure?" 
No sooner had Uncle Olsen spoken than he made a gesture at his waist, and suddenly, there was a silver pistol in his hand! 
"Boss, be careful!" 
Lewis's bodyguards were about to step forward, but Lewis raised his hand to stop them, and the bodyguards immediately stood around him, alert and watching the handgun. 
Because they had accompanied their boss to Crera's territory, these bodyguards hadn't brought guns. They had to be lawful citizens. 
Lewis wasn't carrying either. 
Uncle Olsen fixed his gaze on him. "My gun doesn't have eyes. Lewis, of all my juniors, you're one I rather admire. I'll give you one last chance. Will you step aside?" 
Lewis stepped forward. "No." 
Uncle Olsen sneered. "Good." 
Just as he was about to pull the trigger, a voice full of righteousness suddenly rang out from the hallway. "Enough! Keira isn't some illegitimate daughter! She's Mrs. Olsen's \biological daughter!!"
###Chapter 200 Trick
Chapter 200 Trick
Keira listened to the slander from the journalists and Poppy with merely a bitter smile, and her head bowed low. 
She knew that if she didn't relent today, such defamation would follow her for life, and she had braced herself mentally for it. 
Therefore, she didn't retort. 
She even planned to publicly sever ties with Poppy! Even if such an act would subject her to the scorn and vilification of thousands! 
But she never expected Holly to make such a statement. 
Keira was shocked as she looked toward Holly, her first reaction one of disbelief. 
After all, the story of "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" had already played out twice in her case. 
She had thought the same thing on both those occasions, so for the third time, she found it hard to believe. 
Her mouth opened as if to tell Holly not to joke about such things... 
But before the words could come out, she suddenly realized something was amiss. 
Holly came here to reveal the secret that Connor had been hiding, so was this that secret?! 
Keira was once again dumbstruck. 
How could this be... 
She wasn't Taylor's daughter, and if she were Mrs. Olsen's daughter, wouldn't that mean Mrs. Olsen had been unfaithful to her marriage? 
No, Mrs. Olsen was definitely not that kind of person. 
There must be some misunderstanding. 
But it didn't matter anymore. None of that was important. What mattered was... Jodie South was her mother... 
Mother... 
For the first time, this word held warmth for her!! 
Keira couldn't help trembling... 
She was so overwhelmed with emotion that she found it hard to speak. 
When Holly spoke out, both Isla and Poppy were startled momentarily before Poppy shouted furiously, "What nonsense are you spouting? Don't talk rubbish here! How could Keira possibly be Mrs. Olsen's daughter when I gave birth to her? Don't I know my own daughter?" 
At that moment, Isla realized in full that Connor had sold her out! 
This secret must have come from Connor!! 
Her complexion turned pale as she stared intently at Holly. 
Jake, who was supporting her, frowned and sneered. "Holly, I thought you were a good cop, but I didn't expect you to say something so preposterous. You have truly betrayed the trust we place in our police officers!" 
He steadied Isla. "Keira is the Olsen family's illegitimate daughter, and Isla is the rightful heiress! It was because of this that I gave up on Keira back then. Stop spouting nonsense! Do you think we would believe you just because you say so?!" 
The journalists around them had already closed their mouths. 
The continual twists in today's drama had left them overwhelmed. 
They all picked up their cameras and started filming, their intuition telling them that a huge scoop was unfolding!! 
Seeing everyone's doubts, Holly sneered. "Of course, I have evidence when I make such claims!" 
She picked up her phone again and opened the WhatsApp chat interface. 
There, just one minute ago, a colleague sent her the DNA report of Keira and Mrs. Olsen! 
It was something she had her colleague rush to do after hearing the full story from Connor. 
Because Keira had been detained before, the local police had her DNA information in their database. 
Mrs. Olsen had been chronically ill for years, suspecting it was a genetic chronic disease, she had long since entered her medical information into the medical database. 
The police extracted Mrs. Olsen's DNA information from the medical database and made a direct comparison! 
It only took half an hour, and the results were out! 
Holly always made decisions resolutely. She had met Keira before and understood the significance of this matter to her, which was why she didn't call her immediately after Connor revealed the truth. 
She was also wary that this might be a prank by Connor so it wasn't until she received the DNA test report, confirming the truth of Connor's words, that she made the truth public! 
Looking at that DNA report, everyone was stunned. 
Poppy jumped up and down in agitation. "Impossible! This can't be true! It must be another forgery by you!" 
Holly sneered. "The mark on it is from our police station. Since I dare to show it to the reporters, I'm not afraid of it being verified! Poppy, I came here today to inform you that someone has accused you of swapping your own daughter with another child at birth to give her a better life. You are now suspected of child trafficking, and I need to take you back to the station for questioning!" 
Having said that, she pulled out an arrest warrant from her pocket and showed it to everyone! 
Poppy looked at these and was momentarily dazed. She collapsed to the ground. "No, it can't be, how could you know... It's impossible..." 
Her reaction had already told everyone the answer. 
The reported started talking. 
"My God, why was this Poppy so cruel to her own daughter just now? Turns out Keira isn't even her daughter!" 
"Just a moment ago, they claimed Mrs. Horton was an illegitimate daughter and thus poorly brought up. As it turns out, the daughter-in-law of the first branch of the family is the real illegitimate daughter?" 
"She miscarried her baby and blamed Mrs. Horton... Her nature is that of a petty and vile person! Even if she was raised as the legitimate daughter, what does it matter? Some people's genes just carry bad seeds!" 
Seeing this, Jake realized what was happening. He suddenly pulled his hand away from Isla and glared at her. "You're the illegitimate daughter?!" 
He felt as though he had been slapped in the face!! 
Isla, standing before him, became a complete stranger in his eyes. 
Isla said, " Jake, I... I don't know what's going on. Believe me... Even if Poppy swapped the children, I didn't know the truth. Jake, I'm innocent..." 
Hearing this, Poppy quickly looked at Isla. "Right, right, Isla knew nothing about this/ I never told her the truth! She's innocent; this was all my doing!!" 
All eyes turned to Isla once again. 
But Holly then turned her gaze to Isla. "Isla, Connor has confessed everything. He said you also knew about this and that he killed his father under your instigation! What do you have to say for yourself?" 
... 
Meanwhile. 
In the corridor, Uncle Olsen's hand, which was originally poised to fire his gun, stopped at the trigger after hearing Holly's announcement. 
He frowned and couldn't believe his ears. 
Lewis also heard this, and he suddenly relaxed with relief. 
This was Oceanion, Crera, and he didn't want to have a shootout with Uncle Olsen here; the aftermath would be too troublesome... 
But... Keira was Mrs. Olsen's daughter? 
Although he had suspected as much, Lewis still felt a sense of joy for Keira! 
He looked at Uncle Olsen with a taunt. "Uncle Olsen, are you still going to protect Isla now?" 
Uncle Olsen clenched his fists, his face suddenly shadowed with a trace of malice. 
He bypassed Lewis and strode into the hallway, his voice filled with angry menace. "How dare they play Miss South like this? I'll kill that mother and daughter!!"
###Chapter 201: The Outcome
Chapter 201: The Outcome
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations
Lewis didn’t stop Uncle Olsen this time.
After all, he too was quite angry.
In the time he had spent with Keira, he had come to understand her well.
On the surface, she seemed indifferent to being an “illegitimate daughter,” but because of Mrs. Olsen, she felt some self-loathing.
Keira had a soft interior but a tough exterior and could calmly deal with anything that came her way.
But on this issue alone, she didn’t know how much it had hurt her.
Now that she knew Mrs. Olsen was her mother, who knew how happy she would be?!
As for Isla and Poppy…
A murderous intent flashed in Lewis’s eyes, and even if Uncle Olsen hadn’t said so, he wouldn’t let those two off the hook!!
The two of them thought this and walked side by side into the corridor from the staircase.
They saw Keira with her back to them, staring at Isla in front of her.
After Holly finished speaking, Poppy couldn’t believe what she was hearing and looked at Isla, her lips trembling as she asked, “Isla, you, you’ve known all along?”
Isla bit her lip and didn’t respond.
Holly sneered. “We investigated Finley’s bank records, and she’s known since elementary school! She was always threatened by Finley, and all her monthly allowance went to him.”
Poppy’s eyes widened in shock as she looked at Isla, feeling like a clown!
For all these years, she had pampered Isla, coddled Isla, always trying to please her even when the two were alone.
Isla always showed contempt for her, and sometimes even had hatred in her eyes, and Poppy comforted herself by thinking Isla never knew the truth, so it wasn’t her fault.
But if Isla had known all along that she was her birth mother, why did she still treat her as if she was disposable?
Especially when they were alone, how many times she had wanted to get close to her daughter, but Isla was always full of malice, treating her like a nanny! Suddenly, Poppy felt like a joke!
She had done so much, all for Isla, but what had her daughter done?
It was bad enough that she never had any respect or closeness for her, but now Holly had accused her of seducing Connor and enticing him to kill Finley?!
That was her own uncle!
Poppy could control herself no longer and leaped to her feet, rushing over to Isla. “Isla, tell me. Is what she said true?”
Isla pursed her lips tightly.
She was panicked and on the verge of collapse.
Why had it come to this…
Why had things turned out this way?
It should have been her who turned the tables, so why was everything suddenly changing?
Isla’s arm was gripped by Poppy, which she found utterly repugnant. Annoyed, she pushed Poppy away. “What does it matter? Are you planning to hold it against me?”
Poppy was stunned by her response. “I might not hold it against you, but what about your uncle? How could you…”
Isla persisted in feigning ignorance. “Don’t talk nonsense. I’ve never killed anyone. Finley’s death has nothing to do with me!”
Holly immediately said, “Isla, Connor has already revealed the truth, and you still won’t admit it?”
Isla sneered. “That’s just Connor’s statement. Does he have any evidence to accuse me?”
When Isla was seducing Connor to commit murder, she had never said anything like that; she had always been playing the victim.
She was very cautious, indeed leaving no trace behind.
Holly frowned, having wanted to trick her, but unexpectedly, Isla wasn’t fooled at all.
Isla’s schemes ran deep.
Seeing Holly’s silence, Isla felt a veiled sense of triumph. She sneered. “Holly if you have evidence, then come arrest me, but if you don’t, I advise you not to ’ spout nonsense here! Otherwise, I’ll definitely file a complaint against you!” Holly clenched her jaw tightly.
Isla began to feel smug, but in the next moment…
“Ungrateful creature! You ungrateful creature!”
Poppy couldn’t believe that her own daughter could be such a cold-blooded and ruthless person!
Finley was her only brother and the only male in the Hill family!
Connor was Finley’s only son, and Poppy had always doted on Connor.
But now, of the two men in the Hill family, one had been killed, and the other landed in jail!
Overwhelmed, Poppy couldn’t accept it and rushed at Isla, delivering a fierce slap across her face!
“Slap!”
Isla covered her face in disbelief, then glared at Poppy, shouting, “You dare to slap me? What right do you have to slap me?”
“Because I’m your mother!”
Isla sneered. “Mother? How can a mistress like you be my mother?”
Her emotions intensified. “Do you have any idea how panicked and desperate I felt when I suddenly found out I was the illegitimate daughter, not the rightful heiress of the Olsen family? Do you know how carefully I’ve tiptoed these years, living in constant fear that my parents would find out? I endured such hardship! It’s all because of you. I would have preferred to grow up in an ordinary family than to live with this disgrace!”
She screamed while clutching her abdomen, her facial expression twisting into something hideous and terrifying.
She then turned to the surrounding reporters. “I was forced into today’s situation by them! I’ve done nothing wrong!”
Noticing that she still refused to admit fault even at this moment, Uncle Olsen sneered and proceeded to chamber a round into his gun, ready to push through the crowd and move forward.
Despite the presence of so many reporters, he didn’t care one bit.
Lewis, seeing his actions, realized that Uncle Olsen had only threatened him with the gun earlier and had no real intent to shoot.
He shook his head in resignation and followed behind him.
If Uncle Olsen really killed Isla today, then he would take care of the aftermath.
But before they could move through the crowd, they suddenly heard Poppy’s scream. “Blood… Isla, what’s happened to you?”
Both men paused momentarily, then noticed that Isla’s pants were soaked with blood…
After being alerted by Poppy, Isla looked down and discovered she was bleeding profusely!!
She became frantic, her eyes widening in shock.
The more anxious she became, the more she felt the warm blood flowing uncontrollably…
Even if Poppy hated her, Isla was still her daughter, whom she had doted on from a young age, so she immediately cried out, “Doctor, doctor! Help!” Isla, careful not to leave any evidence, hadn’t taken any abortion drugs. To induce a miscarriage, she had indeed slammed hard into a table and then crashed heavily to the ground.
Under such violent impact, she should have rested, but instead, she had foolishly stood up to frame Keira.
Physically and mentally exhausted, plus the shock, she began to hemorrhage… Luckily, she was in a hospital, and she was promptly taken into the emergency room by the nurses. If this had happened outside, she would have bled to death within two minutes.
After Isla was taken away, more security personnel arrived to clear out the reporters, and the corridor quieted down.
For a moment, only Keira, Lewis, and Uncle Olsen remained..
###Chapter 202 Regret
Chapter 202 Regret
Keira watched coldly as Isla walked away, and after a moment's thought, she followed her. 
She had never been a saint, and certainly not worried about Isla. She just wanted to see how things would end for her. 
Seeing her heading toward the emergency room, Lewis immediately followed and, after taking a few steps, turned back to Uncle Olsen and asked, "Do you want to come and see as well?" 
Uncle Olsen's gaze deepened, and he glanced a few times in the direction of the ward. 
After pondering for a moment, he finally said, "No, I'll wait here for you to come back." He had just messed up, troubling Mrs. Olsen's real daughter for the sake of Isla, and owed her an apology. Lewis nodded and, without further attention to him, chased after Keira toward the ward. Uncle Olsen glanced at Ellis. 
Ellis immediately understood and made an "OK" gesture with his hand. "Got it, I'll follow. Don't worry, I won't let Mrs. Olsen's real daughter be bullied!" 
... 
As Keira arrived in front of the emergency room, she saw a few journalists hiding in a corner waiting for the outcome and the follow-up, along with Poppy and Holly. 
Just as she was wondering where the members of the Horton family were, she heard the sound of a slap coming from the staircase nearby. 
A loud "smack" rang out distinctly. 
Keira paused just a step, then took two steps back and through the glass window saw Oliver, Melissa, and Jake there. 
Nathan must have realized something was wrong and left immediately to avoid further embarrassment. 
Oliver was beside himself with anger, not satisfied with slapping Jake once, he raised his hand to hit him again but was stopped by Melissa. "Why are you hitting him? It was Isla's fault!" 
Oliver sneered. "I said from the start, I didn't agree to this marriage! Isla had a scheming mind, and you insisted on having Jake marry her. Look what's happened now!" 
Melissa wailed. "Yes, I disagreed at first too, but when Mrs. Olsen mentioned her connections in Clance, didn't you agree as well? Without your consent, how could Jake have married her?!" 
Oliver glared at her, "If I had known she was the illegitimate daughter, I would have never agreed! In the end, it's you and Jake who can't judge people's character!" 
Melissa wiped her tears. "No one wanted this to happen. Isla's intentions were so deep. Not to mention Jake and I, didn't you fail to see through her too? Why do you only blame us when something goes wrong?" 
Oliver scoffed. "Who else should I blame if not you? You've completely humiliated the first branch of the family! Before, when we learned Lewis's wife was Keira, I was quite relieved, thinking that our branch had finally one-upped him! Jake, this useless son of mine, had finally done me a great favor. He married Miss Olsen while Lewis could only marry the Olsen family's illegitimate daughter, and who would have thought it would turn out like this!" 
He patted his own face angrily. "You've lost all my face!" 
Melissa immediately grasped his hand. "Oliver, don't say that. Jake will surely help you turn things around. Don't be angry..." 
Oliver, however, yanked his hand away and looked directly at Jake. "Him? A waste will always be a waste, and he has shown no progress through the years! He can't even begin to compare to his sister!" 
Leaving that remark behind, Oliver turned and went downstairs. 
His heartless manner left Melissa covering her face as she started weeping, then began to slap Jake. "You finally had a chance to stand out, letting your dad come home and sleep tonight, and now, he certainly won't come back! Jake, why are you so unlucky? You're never able to satisfy him no matter what you do..." 
Jake's eyes were bloodshot, his head hanging low, like a child who had done something wrong. 
He stared blankly at Melissa. 
Melissa cried out, "You must work hard! You must surpass that illegitimate daughter! You can't let your father look down on us! No, it seems like that illegitimate bitch is about to return soon. No wonder your father keeps talking about your sister! Jake, if she comes back, what will I do?!" 
Melissa was so anxious that she was running in circles, making Jake's eyes turn a deeper red. 
He grabbed Melissa's hand. "Mom, don't be afraid… Even if she comes back, she won't be able to stir up any trouble. She's just a girl, and sooner or later, she'll be married off. I'm my father's only son!" 
Upon hearing this, Melissa finally calmed down. "That's right, that's right. As long as we prepare a generous dowry for that illegitimate daughter and marry her off, you'll still be your father's only son… I'm going home now. I must secure my place and absolutely cannot let that illegitimate daughter enter our home!" 
After that, she tugged on Jake's hand. "Let's go, we're going home!" 
Jake took a few steps with her but then stopped, his gaze conflicted as he looked toward the emergency room. 
Regardless of everything, Isla was still his wife… 
"Jake? What are you doing? You haven't given up on that wretched Isla, have you? Let me tell you, the Horton family doesn't need that kind of a daughter-in-law!" 
Melissa barked angrily. 
Jake lowered his gaze, "Mom, I just want to wait until her surgery is over…" 
Isla was in critical condition, and he was her legal guardian. 
After pondering for a moment, Melissa sneered. "Fine. Then you stay here. I'll have someone send over the divorce agreement. If she survives and comes out of the operating room, you make her sign it. If she dies, it'll all be for the best!" 
Leaving behind such heartless words, Melissa strode away. 
Jake stood there alone, his fists clenched. He then opened the door in the hallway, and the moment the door opened, he saw Keira. 
He was slightly taken aback, his mouth opening as if he wanted to say something but couldn't find the words… 
He hesitated for a long time before finally saying in a slow drawl, "I'm sorry, I…" 
Before he could finish, Keira walked past him without a glance, heading straight for the door of the operating room. 
Jake stared dully at her from behind, and a surge of regret and frustration suddenly filled his chest, packing it tight. 
He had given up on Keira because of her identity as an illegitimate daughter… There was even a moment when he felt he was close to catching up to her. 
She was the one he should have cherished… But after learning she was an illegitimate daughter, he acted impulsively and committed so many mistakes! 
Now, he felt a severe pain in his chest, so intense that he couldn't help but bend over. 
He curled his lips, wanting to smile, but tears streamed down instead… 
Lewis and Ellis walked past him, neither giving Jake a glance. 
At that moment, Ellis was asking Lewis, "Hey, this illeg… I mean, your wife, her father is Taylor, isn't it? How come she doesn't look like him at all?"
###Chapter 203 Dad
Chapter 203 Dad
Ellis always felt there was something strange between his third uncle and Mrs. Olsen. 
His third uncle had always thought highly of Lewis and had specifically instructed him not to be his enemy, saying that after the family's future was handed over, Lewis would need to take extra care of things. 
It was as if Ellis wasn't as good as Lewis... but that wasn't the point. 
The point was that this highly regarded Lewis almost had a fallout with his uncle over Mrs. Olsen. 
So at first, Ellis speculated whether his uncle might be in love with Mrs. Olsen, or perhaps, Mrs. Olsen's daughter could be his uncle's daughter? 
Lewis couldn't be bothered with him. 
Besides, this was Keira's private matter, and it didn't seem right to let everyone know that Mrs. Olsen had been unfaithful, so he didn't say much. 
Knowing his character, Ellis didn't press him further but instead looked toward Keira, trying to find a trace of his uncle in her... 
Keira stared at the emergency room. Just as she approached, the door of the emergency room burst open, and a doctor rushed out. "Where's the family of the patient? The patient's bleeding just won't stop. Now, only removing the uterus can save her life! Will the family members confirm and sign the consent?" 
Poppy immediately stepped forward. "I'm her mother. I'll sign!" 
But the doctor looked at her, "You are the patient's mother?" 
Poppy halted. 
She currently wasn't Isla's mother on any legal documentation! 
While she hesitated, another doctor's urging voice came from inside. "Have they signed it yet? We're struggling to hold on here!" 
In urgency, Poppy was about to speak when Jake had already walked over. "I'll sign. I'm her husband." 
He took over the medical record and signed his name on it. 
Only then did the doctor rush back through the doors. 
Poppy, grateful, grabbed his hand and wept. " Mr. Horton, thank you. You and Isla are husband and wife after all. You have feelings for each other..." 
However, Jake pulled his hand back, wiping it on his clothing. "This is the last thing I'll do for her. I hope she'll sign the divorce agreement after the surgery." 
Poppy immediately became anxious. "Mr. Horton, you can't abandon Isla. Now that she's had her uterus removed, she'll never be able to have children again. She's only twenty-two, so young, her whole life is ruined, you..." 
Jake took a step back, took another long look at the emergency room, then turned and strode away. 
Poppy, weeping bitterly, knelt on the ground, covering her face. "My poor Isla, how could you end up like this! Without a uterus, what man will marry you now..." 
Poppy cried out in despair. 
When she had switched the two children years ago, it was to give her own Isla a better life, so how did it come to this? 
As Poppy thought of this, she abruptly raised her head. Seeing Keira, she immediately crawled over and pleaded. "Keira, ask Mr. Horton to order Jake not to get a divorce, please, for the sake of the fact that I raised you..." 
Keira looked coldly at the woman in front of her. 
As a child, Poppy was her nightmare. 
Even after growing up, she would often dream of being back in her childhood, whipped by Poppy, feeling helpless and in agony. 
So, what was Poppy thinking? 
Thinking she would plead for her and Isla? 
Keira smirked slightly, bending down a bit. "Poppy, do you know what I want to tell you now?" 
"What?" 
Keira's gaze suddenly turned icy, and she clenched her fists tightly, expressing bitterly. "If murder wasn't illegal, I would have already taken action against you and Isla by now!" 
Poppy's pupils constricted, and she collapsed to the ground. 
A fierce and icy light flashed in her eyes, and suddenly she got up, pulling out a fruit knife from her pocket! 
This fruit knife was taken from Mrs. Olsen's ward just now, but at this moment, she had a mentality of mutual destruction and lunged at Keira's chest with the knife! 
"You bitch, it's all because of you, all because of you, that my Isla ended up like this. Why did you reveal the truth? I should have killed you when you were a child! Then Isla wouldn't have ended up like this today! I'll kill you for Isla's revenge!!" 
Unfortunately, the next moment... 
"Bang!" 
Before Keira could react, and before Poppy even got close to her, Holly had already grabbed her arm, ready to kick Poppy. 
But it seemed her leg fell short. 
Poppy had already been kicked away by another powerful force! 
It was Lewis! 
Frowning, he immediately glanced at Keira, sighing inwardly. That was close! He nearly got kicked by Holly! 
Why did she always try to steal his thunder? 
Lewis gave Holly a glare. 
On the other side, after Poppy was sent flying, she spat out a vicious mouthful of blood but quickly got up from the ground again, taking the knife to stab Keira once more! 
"What the heck? You witch, aren't you done yet?" 
Ellis rushed to Poppy's side again. 
He remembered his uncle's command. Not only did Poppy bully Keira, but now she was blaming everything on her? 
He kicked Poppy's knee hard. 
With a "click," Poppy's knee dislocated, and she knelt on the ground with one knee. 
"Ah!" 
Poppy cried out in pain. 
Ellis exclaimed again, "Gosh, man, you're still holding a knife? That's too dangerous!" 
He quickly bent over and dislocated the arm Poppy wasn't using to hold the knife! 
Poppy was now in so much pain that she could only roll on the ground, even attempting to throw the knife away... 
However, the next moment... 
"You were actually thinking of throwing the knife to hurt someone? Miss Olsen, be careful!" 
Along with those words, Ellis stepped on Poppy's hand, dislocating her other arm, and then, as if by accident, he stepped and broke her other leg. 
Poppy collapsed completely on the ground. 
Finally, Ellis jumped to the side, "Whoa, that's really scary. Officer Sims, right? This person is committing a violent act right here in public. Hurry up and take her away!" 
Holly didn't know what to say. 
She already had a warrant for arrest, and now Poppy was holding a knife and suspected of attempting murder, even with police present, which could add charges like assaulting an officer and so on. 
All these charges combined meant that Poppy would never get out of jail for the rest of her life! 
Furthermore, although a dislocated arm might be manageable, Ellis had broken Poppy's leg, shattering the bones. She probably wouldn't be able to stand for the rest of her life. 
Holly clenched her jaw and said nothing. Instead, she stepped forward. Ignoring Poppy's dislocated arm, she twisted Poppy's hands behind her back, and cuffed her. 
Poppy's vision went dark from the pain, and cold sweat drenched her forehead. 
She rolled in agony on the floor, but the people in front of her just watched coldly without moving. 
Unable to bear it, Poppy cried out, "You can't do this to me! Keira, save me..." 
Keira ignored her. 
"Ungrateful creature, evil spawn!" Poppy roared, "Have you forgotten how you knelt and begged for mercy in front of me when you were a kid?" 
Keira remained calm in her gaze. 
But hearing this, both Lewis and Ellis couldn't help clenching their fists. 
Ellis looked at his own hand and took a sharp inhale. "Why am I getting itchy hands again?" 
Poppy, frightened by the comment, stopped talking. Realizing her impending doom, she suddenly lost her fear! 
Malice mustered her courage, and she continued raging at Keira. 
"You little slut! When you were a child, you could only lick my feet! You'll never compare to Isla! Do you remember when I made you drink Isla's washing water? You sure fought back fiercely, but what was the use? I just pushed your head straight in... Ha! 
"You little whore. You lived all these years outside without a penny of living expenses, so you must have slept with so many men for money, right? You're nothing but a prostitute who has been used by thousands of people! Even if you marry into the Horton family, what of it? You won't meet a good end!" 
Lewis shouted, "Shut up!" 
Poppy was taken aback but then stared at him determinedly. 
This venomous woman seemed built with wickedness in her veins, for even now, she failed to recognize her own mistakes, merely feeling that fate was playing tricks on her! 
She glared at Lewis. "What? Did I say something wrong? I am the mistress, but in my lifetime I've only been with Taylor! What about her mother? Maybe you still don't know? Jodie South had an affair during her marriage! Keira isn't Taylor's daughter at all!!" 
At this revelation, Keira stepped forward, grabbed her by the collar. "Don't you dare insult Mrs. Olsen!" 
"What if I insult her? She had the guts to do it, should no one speak of it? She looks all prim and proper, doesn't she? But in reality, she's just a bitch! She cheated in her marriage, and that's how you were born!" 
"Slap!" 
Keira slapped Poppy hard, causing her cheek to swell up high, leaving her unable to speak again! 
Holly then called the police over and took Poppy away into custody. With the combination of her charges, she could very likely be sentenced to death! 
After Poppy was taken away, Holly finally took Keira's trembling hand and comforted her. "It's over now, she won't be able to bother you anymore!" 
Keira nodded. 
As she turned to go back to Mrs. Olsen's ward, it was then that Ellis stepped in front of her, his eyes shining as he asked, "Hey, did she say you aren't Taylor's daughter?" 
If she wasn't Taylor's daughter, she must be Uncle Olsen's!
###Chapter 204 Who Is It
Chapter 204 Who Is It
After Ellis finished speaking, he saw Keira's expression instantly darken. 
Her gaze was icy as she stared at him, her voice cold and tinged with anger, "You think so too, that Mrs. Olsen had an affair during her marriage?" 
She still wasn't used to calling Mrs. Olsen "Mom"... 
Feeling the chill emanating from her, Ellis swallowed and suddenly didn't dare to speak, and he waved his hand. "That's not what I mean. I was trying to say…" 
"There's nothing to say. My family's affairs seem to have nothing to do with you!" 
Leaving that remark behind, Keira turned and left. 
All that remained was Ellis standing there, so frustrated that he complained to Lewis. "Hey, manage your wife, will you? How can she speak to me like that?" 
Lewis looked at him and scoffed. "You have a problem with that?" 
Ellis was speechless. 
Lewis didn't bother with him any further and followed after Keira, heading toward the third-floor inpatient department… 
Holly stayed behind, continuing to watch the emergency room. 
She frowned tightly. 
Ellis looked at her and suddenly said, "Officer Sims, right? May I ask if Isla has committed a crime?" 
Holly frowned. "There's no evidence." 
Everything Isla said in front of Connor was in person, without leaving any trace of verbal or written evidence. 
Today's incident was also more of a moral issue than a legal one… 
Isla appeared to have had her uterus removed as if she had been punished. But could this consequence truly punish her for the evil she had done before? 
With the malice she had for Keira, what if she recovered and started to make trouble again? 
As Holly pondered with great difficulty, she saw Ellis reveal a sinister smile. He slapped his hand in excitement. "Is that so? That's excellent!" 
Holly was taken aback. 
… 
Lewis followed Keira as they traversed the hospital building. 
He walked quietly beside her, feeling although the girl wasn't speaking, her heart seemed to be bursting with joy. 
Lewis couldn't help but glance at her. 
Keira's bright eyes were fixed on the path ahead, glittering with a hope he had never seen before as if she were about to take flight. 
Yet soon after, she seemed to recall Poppy's slanders against Mrs. Olsen and slightly frowned. 
Lewis couldn't help but smile, then said, "Do you like Taylor very much?" 
Keira was startled, then shook her head. "No." 
To her, Taylor was nothing more than a stranger. 
Lewis nodded, then said, "Then you shouldn't take Poppy's words to heart." 
Keira looked at him, then glanced around before leaning closer to him, covering her mouth with her hand and whispering, "Do you think Taylor knows that I'm not his daughter?" 
Lewis found it amusing, so he also leaned in closer, covering his mouth as well and whispering, "I think he probably knows." 
Keira's eyes immediately lit up. "How can you tell?" 
Lewis then straightened up, smiling. "Don't you think the way Mrs. Olsen and Taylor interact with each other is very strange?" 
Keira was taken aback. 
Lewis said, "Mrs. Olsen is supposed to be unbending, isn't she?" 
Keira nodded. 
Mrs. Olsen's personality was like a bamboo, appearing fragile and slender, but her backbone was strong and upright. She wasn't someone to be trifled with. 
Moreover, she was quite capable, and the Olsen family's company was doing more than enough to provide for them. 
She also knew many powerful and influential people in Clance. Mr. Allen was very polite to Mrs. Olsen, and Uncle Olsen regarded her with curiosity... 
Such a legendary woman was certainly not a traditional housewife! 
Lewis continued. "So have you ever thought about how such a person was manipulated by Poppy back then, allowing her to enter the Horton family's home with an illegitimate daughter?" 
Lewis deliberately emphasized the words "illegitimate daughter" and saw a reactive response in Keira's pupils. 
It seemed he needed to mention it more in the future, to make her indifferent to these words. 
Keira tightened her jaw. "So, what are you implying?" 
"Is it possible that Mrs. Olsen and Taylor knew that you weren't Taylor's daughter, and that's why Mrs. Olsen took in Poppy out of consideration for the child she was carrying. Later, I noticed she wasn't at all bothered by your presence back then. On the other hand, Taylor seemed troubled by your existence as if afraid you would ruin his marriage to Mrs. Olsen." 
Lewis rarely spoke so much, but now he patiently explained. "Indeed, I've never seen any legal wife who would let a mistress and her illegitimate daughter live in her house. This is the modern era. Polygamy is illegal." 
Keira had actually guessed as much before, but hearing him say it out loud convinced her even more. 
She nodded, then sighed. "If only Mrs. Olsen hadn't been soft-hearted back then... that would've been better." 
Unfortunately, there were no ifs in this world. 
At that thought, she suddenly realized that right before Mrs. Olsen fainted, she had seen a photo that Keira had given her, and then her face changed dramatically. 
So, Mrs. Olsen actually knew who her biological father was, didn't she?! Keira immediately felt more confident and said, "I don't believe Mrs. Olsen would commit adultery, so let's just ask Taylor!" 
Lewis nodded. 
The two entered the elevator to go to the third-floor ward. 
As soon as they got out, they saw Taylor in a standoff with Uncle Olsen at the door of the hospital room. 
Uncle Olsen's back was to them, limiting Keira's view of his expression. 
Taylor was staring at him. "Please stop disturbing Shirley. I can take care of her myself. We don't need you here." 
Uncle Olsen scoffed. "Her child was switched at birth, and you call that taking care of her?" 
Taylor was taken aback; he hadn't rested for a day and a night, his voice hoarse. Unable to send the other man away, he said, "I presume Shirley doesn't want to see you, either." 
Uncle Olsen, with his back to the two, didn't respond. 
Keira saw him clench his fists, nod at Taylor, then dejectedly walk toward the staircase and disappear around the corner. 
He seemed a bit lonely, but he never looked back. 
Once he left, Taylor quietly breathed a sigh of relief. 
Then, his gaze met Keira's... 
Both remained silent for a moment. 
Downstairs. 
Uncle Olsen got off the stairs but didn't get into a car. 
He stood in the parking lot, lighting up a cigarette, and took a deep drag. As the smoke curled around him, he looked up toward the third floor. 
He then chuckled sardonically at himself and lowered his head to get into the car. 
At that moment, Ellis ran over, his demeanor lively and youthful like a recent college graduate. As soon as he got into the car, he looked at Uncle Olsen with a secretive air. "Uncle, Keira isn't Taylor's daughter! Could her father be you?!"
###Chapter 205: Apologizing in Person
Chapter 205: Apologizing in Person
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Uncle Olsen was taken aback by these words.
He didn’t show excitement but instead took another deep drag of his cigarette before squinting his eyes. “You’re saying, Taylor isn’t Keira’s father?”
“Correct.”
Ellis nodded. “Just now, that mistress poisonously admitted it herself, and from the looks of Keira, she didn’t deny it…”
He curiously looked at Uncle Olsen. “Keira isn’t your daughter, is she?”
However, Uncle Olsen threw his cigarette on the ground, crushed it with his leather shoe, and kicked it into the ashtray nearby, before looking at him. “No.” Ellis was startled. “Really? I thought she might be…”
Before he could finish speaking, Uncle Olsen kicked him. “Wouldn’t I know if I’d done such a thing?”
Ellis jumped up and dodged the kick, looking somewhat disappointed. “Fine then. I was just hoping for a cousin. You’ve really disappointed me.”
“Get lost.”
“Alright.”
“Come back.”
Ellis came back.
Uncle Olsen glared at him. “Miss Jodie has raised that fake heiress, and she surely has feelings for her.”
Ellis was taken aback. “So I should show some mercy?”
Uncle Olsen glanced at him and sneered. “So make it clean and neat. Don’t give Miss Jodie a chance to regret it. She’s a person who values emotions, and we don’t need any more complications in the family later on!”
It was then that Ellis smiled. “Don’t worry. I’ve carefully chosen a good place for Isla!”
Upstairs.
Keira followed Taylor into the hospital room.
Taylor silently sat down beside Mrs. Olsen’s bed, taking her hand.
Keira then looked at him. “You heard what happened outside just now, right?”
Taylor nodded like a robot.
This reaction made Keira unsure of how to start speaking. She paused then said, “Poppy has been arrested, and Isla’s life is in danger. Do you want to see her?”
As soon as she said this, Taylor suddenly looked up, his eyes flashing coldly and ruthlessly. “Since she’s not Shirley’s daughter, she has nothing to do with me!”
That indifferent attitude was just like how he used to be toward Keira.
Keira was stunned.
Only then did she understand that Taylor’s kindness toward Isla was truly just because of Mrs. Olsen, and it had nothing to do with whether she was his daughter or not.
She hesitated for a moment and then asked, “I… you… I don’t think I’m your daughter.”
Taylor looked down, then tenderly gazed at Mrs. Olsen. “Since you’re Shirley’s daughter, then of course you’re not my daughter.”
Keira immediately understood that her guess was probably correct.
She frowned and was about to ask another question when she heard Taylor say, “Actually, I’m very grateful to you. Shirley was always out of my league. It wasn’t until you came along that Shirley was willing to marry me…”
He lowered his head, placing Mrs. Olsen’s hand on his cheek. “Being able to marry Shirley has been the greatest happiness of my life. As for Poppy, she wasn’t someone I had an affair with during my marriage. She was a debt from before Shirley and I were together. I was drinking away my sorrows over Shirley, and Poppy took advantage of me…”
He explained up to that point, then closed his mouth, looking earnestly at Mrs. Olsen. “Shirley, please wake up. Your favorite, Keira, is your daughter. Don’t you want to acknowledge her?”
Keira also looked toward Mrs. Olsen.
She was still lying there with her eyes closed and breathing steadily, her complexion rosy as if she were asleep.
Keira eagerly awaited Mrs. Olsen’s awakening so that she could ask who her real father was and what secrets were buried in her past…
She walked to the other side of the bed and took Mrs. Olsen’s hand.
Her mouth opened as if she wanted to shout “Mom,” but she couldn’t bring herself to say it.
Just then, the sound of an ambulance suddenly came from downstairs.
Keira paid no attention to it.
This was a hospital after all; it was normal for ambulances to bring patients here.
Mrs. Olsen’s room had finally become completely quiet.
Awhile later, two doctors accompanied by a nurse came for their rounds.
They checked Mrs. Olsen’s condition, and everything was still normal.
As they were about to leave, they exchanged idle chatter.
“I’ve really learned something new today. An ambulance drove someone to our hospital, and it was hilarious! I heard that the person had just left the operating room and was then taken away…”
“A mental patient, right? I heard it was crazy! They can get violent when they have an episode. They didn’t even warn us in advance. What if she suddenly woke up and attacked us?”
Upon hearing this, Keira didn’t think much of it.
But then, she heard a nurse gossiping.
“You all got it wrong. I have the latest news! Apparently, that woman escaped from the mental hospital, and then somehow got pregnant. After a miscarriage, she had a fit that led to severe hemorrhaging, and they had to remove her uterus to save her life! Our hospital might be a general hospital, but such a patient definitely needs to be treated in a psychiatric hospital.” “Wow, that’s explosive! A mental patient got pregnant? Whose child could it be?”
“Who knows…”
They continued their conversation as they walked further away.
Feeling something was off, Keira immediately turned her head to make eye contact with Lewis, and together they quickly went to the window, only to see an ambulance from the psychiatric hospital parked below.
At that moment, several medical staff were carrying a stretcher toward the ambulance.
Even from three floors up, Keira recognized at a glance that the person on the stretcher was Isla!!
She was slightly stunned and instinctively looked at Lewis. “Did you do this?”
Lewis frowned and shook his head. “No.”
Keira had no intention of dealing with Isla. After all, she was the child Mrs. Olsen had raised and spoiled from a young age. She had intended to wait for Mrs. Olsen to wake up and ask for her opinion before doing anything.
But she hadn’t expected this turn of events.
Isla had spent her whole life wanting to marry into a wealthy family, and now she had fallen into this state. She would definitely continue to entangle herself with the Olsen family.
Sending her to a mental hospital really was the best choice.
Once admitted, of course, she definitely couldn’t get out.
If that wasn’t Lewis’s arrangement, then it must be…
Keira instinctively glanced toward the parking lot and saw that low-key luxurious black car still parked there.
A tall, upright man sat inside, his face unrecognizable.
Ellis stood outside the car waving at Keira and pointing to his phone.
Keira took out her own phone and saw a message from Ellis. “Are you satisfied with my arrangements for Isla?”
Keira looked at Lewis.
She suddenly understood that if Lewis hadn’t been holding back Uncle Olsen all this time, she might have been the one being put into the ambulance…
As she was thinking, her phone buzzed again. Ellis had sent another message. “Also, could you come down for a moment? Uncle Olsen has an apology he’d like to offer you in person.”
Keira didn’t know what to say..
###Chapter 206: Quota
Chapter 206: Quota
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations
Keira’s mouth corner twitched.
Her gaze returned to Mrs. Olsen… She thought of Uncle Olsen’s protection of her, and the madness that seemed ready to create a bloodbath in the hospital for her sake.
She couldn’t help but wonder if there was something between Mrs. Olsen and
Uncle Olsen.
Should she go see Uncle Olsen then?
Keira hesitated.
isla would meet someone without any hesitation. She harbored the intention to curry favor, wanting to let Jake know about her connections, but Keira didn’t need any of that.
From Taylor and Uncle Olsen’s conversation, it was obvious Mrs. Olsen didn’t want to see Uncle Olsen, so as Mrs. Olsen’s daughter, Keira should certainly side with her mother!
With this thought, Keira replied to the message. “I’m sorry. I’ll go if my mom
agrees.”
When she sent this message, she didn’t know why, but there was an inexplicable feeling of happiness in her heart.
When she was little, other people would always say “My mom won’t let me do this and that”, and later there was even a popular phrase online that went “My mom won’t let me play with idiots.”
But every time she saw those words, she would pause slightly.
Because her “mom” would only tell her not to defy Miss Isla’s orders and not to do well on tests. She never truly cared for Keira’s welfare.
But now, she also had a loving mother.
A glimmer appeared in Keira’s eyes. She walked to Mrs. Olsen’s bedside again and took her other hand. Even though the word was hard to say, she still said
“Mom…”
Right after it was spoken, Mrs. Olsen, who had remained motionless on the bed, moved her eyes slightly.
Keira seemed to sense something, and just as she was about to look at her
mother, her phone suddenly rang.
Keira glanced at the caller ID, took another look at Mrs. Olsen, then walked to the side to take the call.
She didn’t see that when she let go of Mrs. Olsen’s hand, Mrs. Olsen’s fingers also moved slightly.
Keira stepped out to answer the call, and a voice came from the other end. “Oh, my dear Researcher Nora, our Alzheimer’s project has reached the final stage, and the research institute in Clance has also begun the clinical trial phase, with many people signing up. Since you are in Crera, could you possibly take charge of the scientific data in Clance?”
Keira said indifferently, “Didn’t we agree that I’m only responsible for the research and not the subsequent management?”
“There’s no helping it. Crera is a country of personal relationships. As soon as we put out our project, many people tried to get a trial spot through connections. But we have limited initial funding, and the medicine is only enough for 50 people, so it has to be managed by you, our unbiased researcher!”
Keira reflected for a moment. “Then I won’t take anyone’s connections into consideration, and I’ll only select suitable subjects for the experiment.”
“No problem.”
The person on the other end laughed. “In Crera, probably only your status can intimidate those administrators. I’m truly desperate to have come to you for this.”
“Understood.”
Keira then said, “By the way, I have a very important person in Oceanion who probably can’t wait until the end of the drug trial. Arrange for someone from Clance to come over in person.”
“No problem at all,” the other person laughed. “I’m also very curious about who the person that made you suddenly pick up this long-stalled project must be?”
Keira lowered her gaze. “It’s my husband’s grandmother.”
“OK, got it!”
Keira hung up, the corners of her lips curling up into a faint smile.
Keira hadn’t expected the progression of Alzheimer’s drugs to be faster than she imagined. Now that her grandmother’s condition was still good, applying the medication should mean she might be able to recall past memories after a while.
Then, they would be able to clear up the mystery of why she and Lewis were married in the first place!
Of course, Keira wasn’t doing all this for the old Mrs. Horton just because she wanted to know the answer, but because during her most painful and helpless moments, Mrs. Horton had given her the warmth of a family.
Thinking back to the warm moments she had spent with old Mrs. Horton in that small two-bedroom apartment, Keira was moved
Then, she looked toward Mrs. Olsen.
“Mom, you have to wake up soon and make up for over twenty years we’ve
missed.”
Just as she thought about this, Lewis’s phone began to ring.
Keira assumed he was busy with company matters and didn’t mind, but then she heard Lewis’s voice, deep and panicked. “What? Grandma fainted? I’ll come back right away!”
After hanging up, he glanced at Keira.
Keira glanced at Mrs. Olsen, and without hesitation, she walked up to him. “I’ll go back with you.”
She had been insistent on staying by Mrs. Olsen’s side because it was clear Mrs. Olsen had something to tell her before she fainted, so Keira wanted Mrs. Olsen to see her as soon as she woke up.
Now that she knew what Mrs. Olsen wanted to say, and since Mrs. Olsen wouldn’t wake up anytime soon, she decided to go back to the Horton family with Lewis to see how Grandma was.
Down in the parking garage.
Ellis stared at his phone for a long while, rubbing his eyes and thinking he must have read it wrong.
Uncle Olsen was someone those Clance elitists would die to ingratiate themselves with – even Isla and Jake had wanted to make sure they treated him well after seeing him.
Even just now, when Jake left, he’d come over to say goodbye and mentioned they had prepared a place for them to stay.
But what was this response from Keira?
She would listen to her mother?
He pursed his lips, and even the veins in his forehead throbbed!
Did Keira even realize what she was doing?
Even if she wasn’t an illegitimate daughter, she was just a daughter from a second-tier wealthy family and certainly wasn’t good enough for Lewis. If Uncle Olsen cared for her so much, she just had to say a few kind words, and if Uncle Olsen recognized her as his goddaughter, everything would naturally fall into place!
That Keira really didn’t know what was good for her!
All of Ellis’s subtle movements were witnessed by Uncle Olsen, who asked, “What’s wrong?”
Ellis pulled a face and handed him the phone.
After seeing the response, Uncle Olsen didn’t get angry but instead laughed. “This Keira has indeed inherited Miss Jodie’s spirit!
He hadn’t really favored Isla, finding her behavior too petty, not at all like Miss Jodie.
Unexpectedly, Keira hadn’t only the same aura as Miss Jodie but even a similar personality!
A look of admiration flashed across Uncle Olsen’s eyes.
He was about to get back into the car when he suddenly saw Lewis and a girl running out from the hospital building’s entrance in a hurry!
Uncle Olsen’s steps faltered slightly, and his gaze fell on the girl!
###Chapter 207 Special Medicine
Chapter 207 Special Medicine
The girl was dressed in casual attire, with her long hair cascading down her back. 
When she and Lewis descended the stairs, the car on their side of the parking lot was already waiting in front of them. 
The girl and Lewis jumped into the car, and it immediately drove away. 
Uncle Olsen, however, watched the direction in which the car disappeared, his gaze fixated. 
Since the parking lot was quite far from the entrance, he hadn't gotten a clear look at Keira's face, but her bamboo-like demeanor made him recognize instantly that she must be Jodie South's daughter. 
He stood there, transfixed as they drove away until the car had left the hospital and could no longer be seen, only then did he retract his gaze. 
Seeing him in a daze, Ellis couldn't help but ask, "Uncle Olsen, what's wrong?" 
Uncle Olsen quietly sighed. "It's nothing." 
Ellis nodded. "The doctors have checked Mrs. Olsen, and they all say there's nothing to worry about. Mrs. Olsen's fainting was due to excessive anxiety and concern, and this time her fainting spell was her body's way of protecting itself. They said to let her rest well, which is why she hasn't woken up yet. There's no danger to her life, so are you going back to Clance now, or will you stay here for a few more days?" 
Uncle Olsen pursed his lips upon hearing this. 
He had known for a while that Jodie South was okay, hence he had planned to stand up for her daughter and then quietly leave. 
But that one glance had stirred something within him. 
He had an intuition that he wanted to meet Jodie South's daughter. 
As for why, he didn't know. 
Perhaps because he had promised Jodie South that they would never meet again in this life, so he wanted to catch a glimpse of her from her daughter? 
Thinking this, Uncle Olsen looked at Ellis. "Let's stay in Oceanion for a few days." 
"Then I'll stay with you. This place is quite fun." 
... 
Keira didn't care about Uncle Olsen and Ellis's affairs. 
The car sped along the road and soon returned to the Horton residence. As soon as they parked, Lewis hurriedly pushed the car door open and rushed into old Mrs. Horton's courtyard. 
Keira was a bit slower, and by the time she got inside, she saw Nathan, Oliver, Melissa, and Jake were already there. 
Seeing Lewis, Nathan was the first to burst out. "The old lady always doted on you the most, but where were you when she was unwell?! All you do is hover around this woman every day. Do you think that's fair to the old lady?" 
Lewis clenched his jaw, well aware that this accusation was unfair, but he wasn't in the mood to argue. Instead, he entered the bedroom and looked at old Mrs. Horton, who was asleep on the bed. 
Following him in, Keira saw the normally vigorous little old lady now lying there, quietly asleep and breathing steadily. She and Lewis then finally let out a sigh of relief. 
The two quietly left the bedroom and came outside. 
Lewis asked the family doctor, "How is Granny now?" 
The family doctor had just examined old Mrs. Horton and replied immediately, "Mr. Horton, the old lady's condition... has worsened. She's stable for now, but I'm afraid she may not make it through the year." 
The doctors had made this conclusion long ago, so none of the family members were surprised by these words. 
There were still two months left until the New Year... 
Lewis clenched his fists, his eyes reddening slightly. 
Keira stepped forward, intending to comfort him when he was already looking back at the family doctor. "Is there any other option?" 
The doctor was Lewis's confidant and began to speak upon hearing this. "The matter you've always asked me to inquire about has shown some promise. Nora's lab released a drug a few days ago, which is currently in the clinical trial phase. Their lab in Clance is recruiting patients, and this drug is so far the best specific cure... If the old Mrs. Horton could make use of it, she might be able to pull through this tough spot, but..." 
Lewis's eyes darkened. "But what?" 
The doctor sighed. "The volunteers they recruit for treatment, who are generally treated for free as part of the experiment, are required to stay in their designated hospital. Old Mrs. Horton is no longer suitable for travel, and the long journey from Oceanion to Clance aside, Clance's environment might also not suit her. Moreover, the patients they recruit are typically younger; at 86, the old lady no longer holds any experimental value, and essentially no lab would be willing to accept her." 
Lewis tightened his jaw. "Then acquire their biotech company!" 
At these words, Oliver couldn't help but say, "Lewis, aren't you being a bit too arrogant? Nora is from Divall Biomedical Technology in M country, which is a top pharmaceutical company internationally. Even if the Horton family has the capital to acquire it, they wouldn't let you buy them out!" 
Lewis glanced at him coldly. 
He had sent people to make contact in order to get that specific drug. 
Over the years, he established some influence abroad, and with enough money and pressure from his power, they had already loosened their stance—only, Nora held forty percent of the shares in their company, and her agreement was needed to proceed with the acquisition. 
But Nora was elusive, and he hadn't been able to make contact with her. 
As long as she signed the papers, the acquisition could succeed. 
Without further comment, Lewis looked again at the family doctor. "Acquiring their company might not be feasible in time. I don't care how you do it, but you must get the medicine for Grandma!" 
The family doctor lowered his head. "Yes." 
Keira's expression flickered upon seeing this. 
She didn't want to reveal that she was Nora because several overseas tech companies had taken an interest in her abilities and were intent on poaching her. 
Those people were ruthless and unprincipled. Keira didn't want to get involved with them, so she continued to hide her identity. 
Keira said, "I know about this. I've submitted grandma's case to the research institute in Clance..." 
She hadn't finished speaking when Oliver interrupted her. "What use is mass application? Didn't you hear from the family doctor just now? Grandma is 86 years old and holds no value for any experiment. I heard that the research institute isn't easy to persuade; many powerful and influential families couldn't get a spot even under pressure, and our family has no connections in Clance. All these years, because Lewis refused to cooperate with Clance, we have little understanding of it... Lewis, it all comes down to you being at fault!" 
Lewis's gaze turned frosty. "What did you say?" 
Nathan sneered. "Is what your older brother said wrong? If you could put aside your so-called pride and approach your mother to open up the Clance market for the Horton family, we wouldn't be in such a passive situation now!" 
Oliver then looked at Keira. "And you, submitting your resume to a Clance research institute? What's the use of that? You might as well go beg the Clance Olsen Family... perhaps they'd have a way!" 
Keira sneered back. "How do you know it's useless?"
###Chapter 208 Awake
Chapter 208 Awake
Keira's eyes were cold as she spoke, making Oliver pause for a moment. 
Lewis, however, looked directly at her and asked, "Keira, do you mean to say that they agreed?" 
Just as Keira was about to nod, Oliver scoffed. "What are you thinking? I've had someone look into this matter a long time ago! The selection of volunteer patients in Clance this time has been personally overseen by Nora. I've heard that the selection was extremely impartial, only including patients who meet the criteria for their clinical trial. No matter how strong one's connections are, others have no chance of getting a spot!" 
After saying this and without waiting for Keira to speak, he abruptly changed the subject. "However, Selena got one!" 
Keira was slightly taken aback when she heard this. 
She hadn't even received the list from Clance yet, so how could someone have already secured a spot? 
Moreover, who was this Selena? 
Just as she was pondering this, Nathan's eyes lit up. "Oliver, is that true?" 
Oliver smiled. "Dad, would I lie to you? Selena has been studying in Clance all along, just to help me expand our Clance connections. She has performed outstandingly at university and even got a boyfriend! Ever since she learned about Grandma's illness, she has been very concerned about her great-grandmother, so she begged her boyfriend to try every means to secure this spot!" 
"Great! That's fantastic!" Nathan rejoiced. "Selena is truly your good daughter! When you first brought her home, I knew she was intelligent, and now she has indeed proven her capabilities!" 
Oliver laughed. "Isn't it natural for her to help the family? Selena has always been grateful for the nurturing she received from the Horton family." 
He glanced at the time and continued. "Selena will arrive tomorrow. She told me that she would bring her boyfriend this time, and they plan to get engaged. Dad, her boyfriend is from the Cobb family, one of the five major families of Clan! If our two families can successfully form a marital alliance, we won't have to fear the Davis family's suppression any longer!" 
Upon hearing the words "Davis family," Lewis's expression grew even colder. 
Keira noticed his reaction and, considering what she had observed since coming to the Horton family, turned to look at Jake and saw his face had turned ashen. 
It seemed that this Selena was indeed Oliver's illegitimate daughter; she wondered if she was Jake's older or younger sister. 
As she was thinking, Nathan, thrilled, said, "What? That's excellent! Selena has lived up to our expectations. When she wanted to study in Clance, I said that she wasn't meant for a mundane life! If she could form a marriage alliance with the Cobb family, we must not treat her unfairly! When Selena returns to Oceanion this time, let her stay at our home!" 
Upon hearing this, Melissa immediately shrieked, "Dad! How can an illegitimate daughter live in our house?!" 
Nathan glanced at her without a word. 
But Oliver immediately glared at her. "What illegitimate daughter? Watch your tone! That's Jake's sister! She's going to get married from the Horton family when Horton and Cobb's marital alliance is formed! That's the right thing to do!" 
Melissa's eyes teared up. "But she..." 
"Shut up!" Oliver yelled, silencing Melissa immediately. 
Only then did Oliver turn to look at Jake and indirectly criticized him. "So what if Selena is an illegitimate daughter? Who among you can compare to her contributions to the Horton family? You all just focus on romantic affairs; with this attitude, how can you grow and strengthen the Horton business? If you lack the ability and can't let go of your hang-ups, then step aside. Don't be a hindrance..." 
These words seemed to be targeting Jake, yet every word was a pointed accusation against Lewis. 
Lewis had been keeping his distance from everyone in Clance because of the Davis family matter. 
However, Lewis's mother, resentful of Nathan's deception in marriage, expressly forbade any association with people related to the Davis family from any dealings with the Horton family. 
Privately, people said that if only Lewis would humble himself and ask for forgiveness, his mother, despite her resentment toward Nathan, wouldn't possibly be so heartless toward her own son! 
But with Lewis's character, how could he possibly go to Clance to find her? 
And so, the business between the Horton family and Clance has been at a standstill for all these years… 
Some veterans in the Horton family and company who knew the inside story complained about Lewis, feeling that he was the one holding back the Horton's Clance sector. 
Yet Keira found it laughable. 
It was clearly Nathan who committed the mistake because he was the one who deceived in marriage. Why should he not go to Clance to seek forgiveness from the Davis family? Instead, why should they force Lewis to go? 
Considering the fact that Lewis's mother had a C-section when she was seven months pregnant and left him at the Horton family's doorstep, indifferent to whether he lived or died, how could he possibly go and ask her for anything? 
Oliver was simply beyond words and so double-standard! 
Lewis couldn't be bothered to argue these points, but Keira felt heartbroken and retorted. "Mr. Horton… Even if Lewis hasn't proactively contacted Clance, hasn't he managed the Horton family very well? As long as the Horton family becomes self-reliant with strong technology, we don't need to bow to anyone, and others will come to us. Didn't the Allen family approach us to sign a contract? Isn't that the best proof? Seeking reconciliation by bowing down will only be looked down upon! The Horton family is, after all, the wealthiest in Oceanion, do we have no pride?" 
Lewis was slightly taken aback and looked at her in surprise. 
Over the years, the girl must have been misunderstood by many, hence her attitude in always speaking her mind. 
But now she had spoken all this for him, making him lower his gaze, and a faint smile appeared at the corner of his lips. 
He had long stopped regarding those people in the Horton family seriously. Their words couldn't hurt him, but when Keira stood up for him, Lewis still found it gratifying. 
He even felt a sour warmth surging up in his chest, filling him completely. 
Oliver narrowed his eyes and sneered. "Is pride more important, or is Grandma's illness? We are currently unable to get the medication precisely because we lack Clance connections. But Selena studied in Clance for a few years, helping us to expand our network, and getting the medication this time proves that!" 
He looked at Lewis. "In this world, sometimes you have to bow when necessary. We were born into the Horton family, so we must give more for our family. Lewis, if it weren't for Selena this time, what would we do? Knowing that there is a special medication, yet Grandma can't wait until it comes to market. Wouldn't you be filled with bitter regret?" 
The quickest phase from clinical trials to a drug being marketed takes at least a year. 
Upon hearing this, Keira sneered, about to retort, when her phone rang again. 
She frowned and looked at her phone, only to find that it was Mrs. Olsen calling! 
Keira's pupils contracted, and she immediately picked it up. Mrs. Olsen's weak voice came through. "Keira, I'm awake…" 
Keira's eyes reddened as tears instantly began to fall, and she said straight away, "I'm coming back now…" 
She had a lot she wanted to tell Mrs. Olsen. 
She also wanted to ask Mrs. Olsen who her father really was…
###Chapter 209 Mom
Chapter 209 Mom
Keira ended the call and looked toward Lewis, her eyes astonishingly bright after just shedding tears. "Mrs. Olsen is awake." 
Lewis subconsciously turned to glance in the direction of the bedroom, hesitating, "I..." 
"You stay here and take care of Grandma. I'll go back and see her." 
Keira didn't want to make it difficult for him and simply left those words before walking out. 
Lewis didn't insist and said to Tom, "Take Keira there." 
Sitting in the car, Keira was extremely anxious. She, who always drove at a steady thirty miles per hour, now wished the car could go faster. 
Half an hour later, the car arrived at the hospital's inpatient building. 
Just as Keira was about to run upstairs after getting out of the car, her steps faltered slightly, and she instinctively glanced toward the parking lot. 
She saw that the spot where Uncle Olsen's car had been parked was now empty. 
Presumably, Uncle Olsen had already returned to Clance? 
This thought merely flickered by, and Keira entered the building and sprinted to the third floor. 
Standing breathlessly at the doorway, she saw Taylor both crying and laughing as he fed Mrs. Olsen water, while Mrs. Olsen looked at him in resignation. 
Hearing footsteps, Mrs. Olsen slightly turned her head, looking toward the door. 
For a moment, their gazes locked. 
Keira felt as if she were rooted to the spot, unable to move. 
She stared blankly at Mrs. Olsen. 
Her emotions were indescribably tumultuous and complex. 
As a child, every time she saw Mrs. Olsen speak gently to Isla, she was envious. She had often thought, how wonderful would it be if Mrs. Olsen were her mother? 
She had never imagined that one day this dream would come true. 
At this very moment, the look in Mrs. Olsen's eyes carried sorrow, pity, and the same tender warmth and deep affection she had for Isla! 
Keira's nose began to tingle again, and her eyes gradually filled with tears. 
She wanted to say something, but her mouth opened and closed without knowing what to say that could express her feelings at that moment... 
As she struggled and even felt the situation was somewhat awkward, Mrs. Olsen suddenly smiled at her. Her cheeks were flushed with a healthy red, perhaps from having had a good sleep after just awakening. 
She said softly, "Keira, why are you standing there? Come over here..." 
Keira couldn't restrain her emotions any longer and walked stiffly over, standing by her bed. 
Mrs. Olsen pointed to the side of the bed, "Sit." 
Keira sat down like a puppet, still staring blankly at Mrs. Olsen. 
Everything in front of her felt like a dream... 
Happiness had come too fast, overwhelming her after 22 years of misery. 
As she pondered what to say, Mrs. Olsen spoke first. "Keira, I need to start by saying I'm sorry to you." 
Keira was startled. "Why?" 
"I failed to protect you, and you were secretly swapped at birth. Even though you were always in front of me, I couldn't recognize you. I watched you getting suppressed and insulted..." 
Mrs. Olsen's voice was choked with emotion. "Keira, I don't ask for your forgiveness. I just want to say, everything is my fault." 
Mother... 
Keira's tears, having just been suppressed, began flowing again. She suddenly stepped forward and hugged Mrs. Olsen tightly. "I've never blamed you. I— I'm so happy. You have no idea how delighted I was when I found out I'm your daughter..." 
Mrs. Olsen, however, started to cry. "Silly girl, are you still calling me 'Mrs. Olsen' now?" 
Keira hesitated, then opened her mouth and called out, "Mom." 
"I'm here." 
Hearing her reply, Keira felt it was surreal, fearing everything in front of her was but a bubble. So, she said softly again, "Mom?" 
"I'm here." 
Keira tightened her grip and called her again. "Mom..." 
"I'm here." 
Keira suddenly felt very sad. 
She felt aggrieved for the past 22 years. Her nose tingled, and as she was about to say something more, Taylor said, "Keira, your mom just woke up. We shouldn't get too emotional..." 
Keira then subdued her own emotions. 
She quickly wiped away her tears, stepped back from Mrs. Olsen, and then looked at her with a smile, "Are you alright?" 
Mrs. Olsen, seeing her red-rimmed eyes, reached out to touch her face. "I'm fine. I just couldn't help feeling emotional when I thought of all the hardships you endured... I never imagined Poppy Hill would be such a person! I shouldn't have been kind-hearted at that moment, to have wronged my own daughter!" 
As Mrs. Olsen said this, she coughed. 
Taylor immediately started gently patting her back. "Alright, alright, Shirley, don't be upset. She has now received the retribution she deserves! I heard her legs were both broken, and one of her arms was fractured, too. She'll rot in the hospital for the rest of her life, never to escape!" 
When Keira heard this, she looked toward Mrs. Olsen. "Mom, there's also Isla..." 
She hesitated, not knowing how to convey Isla's fate as Mrs. Olsen had raised Isla for so many years and truly loved her. 
At her words, Mrs. Olsen's eyes did soften a bit. 
But she quickly regained her composure. "Your dad already told me her fate. She took the wrong path herself. At this point, nobody else is to blame!" 
Mrs. Olsen said this and then lowered her head to cough again. 
Seeing this, Taylor hurriedly brought her some water. 
After Mrs. Olsen took a couple of sips, she couldn't help but look at him. "Taylor, go home and rest. You've been up for so long. You'll get sick." 
But Taylor shook his head, "Shirley, I'm not going. I want to stay with you all the time!" 
Mrs. Olsen gave a wry smile. "Staying here? You didn't take a shower yesterday, did you? You smell a little..." 
The weather in Oceanion was humid and hot, and Taylor felt sticky without taking a shower. 
Upon hearing this, Taylor immediately sniffed himself, then took a step back. "Then, I'll go home for a shower and come back to keep you company." 
He stood up to leave. 
Mrs. Olsen added. "Ask Aunt South to make something mild for you. You need to eat, and bring the rest with you when you come back." 
Taylor nodded and then reluctantly left the room. 
His demeanor was as if he were part of a newlywed couple, making Keira feel almost embarrassed to watch. 
After Taylor left the ward, Mrs. Olsen took Keira's hand. "Keira, please don't be angry with Taylor, okay? All these years, he truly believed Isla was my daughter, which was why he neglected you..." 
Keira cast her eyes down. "I don't blame him, but I don't feel anything for him." 
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Olsen didn't insist. "Oh well, you two have no connections, and besides, he's not your father." 
As Mrs. Olsen brought up this point, Keira took the opportunity to ask, "Mom, then who is my biological father? Is it Uncle Olsen?"
###Chapter 210: Meet Him
Chapter 210: Meet Him
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations
Mrs. Olsen was startled slightly when she heard the name “Uncle Olsen”. “How do you know him?”
Upon hearing this, Keira knew that Taylor probably hadn’t told her that Uncle Olsen had arrived. No wonder Taylor seemed a bit guilty when Mrs. Olsen asked him to leave.
However, Keira wouldn’t shy away from these matters and replied, “Ellis informed him of your unconscious state, and he rushed here overnight. He’s been in the parking lot downstairs for over twenty-four hours.”
When Mrs. Olsen heard this, she clenched her fists, a touch of worry suddenly coloring her face. She turned her head and asked, “Has he been to the ward?
“No.”
Keira became curious. “The first day he arrived, it seemed like he stood outside for a while, and then he stayed in the parking lot downstairs. And today, it seemed like he wanted to visit you in the ward, but Taylor stopped him.”
“It’s not Taylor’s fault,” Mrs. Olsen answered. “I won’t see him. We made a promise that we would never meet again, not even in death.”
Keira was stunned.
Never meet again, even in death?
Even if they were once lovers, and even if they had broken up, would anyone speak such ruthless words?
The attitude of Uncle Olsen toward Mrs. Olsen made it clear that he was deeply in love with her. What exactly happened between them?
She was curious, but seeing the sorrow on Mrs. Olsen’s face, she knew there were some questions she couldn’t ask.
Mrs. Olsen changed the subject. “How is old Mrs. Horton doing?
Keira sighed, “She’s quite elderly, and the prognosis isn’t optimistic.”
Even with a miracle drug, it could only extend her life by two or three more years.
Mrs. Olsen nodded, then looked at her and said, “Keira, I used to think I shouldn’t interfere too much with your life, so I didn’t ask much. But now, I’m your mother, so there’s something I must ask. What exactly is going on with you and Lewis? Why did you get married?”
At this, Keira could only give a wry smile. “Actually, I don’t know either.”
“You don’t know?”
Mrs. Olsen was stunned. “How could you not know?”
Keira then began to explain. “Isla forced me to cut ties with Jake by marrying someone randomly. When I went to the courthouse to get the certificate, I was told that I was already married, and the other party was Lewis-
Mrs. Olsen immediately grasped her hand. “Isla actually forced you into marriage? How could you be so foolish to agree to such a thing?!
Keira didn’t respond.
But Mrs. Olsen understood something. “Was it that same old pattern? Was Poppy Hill emotionally blackmailing you again? You’re bearing too much suffering, Keira… Even if Poppy Hill received her punishment, I would still despise her intensely…”
Keira saw her expression was amiss, fearful she would fall into self-blame again, so she said, “Probably only Grandma Horton knows the specifics of my marriage to Lewis. I’m thinking, once her condition improves a bit and she comes to…”
Mrs. Olsen cut in immediately. “Can her condition get better?
Keira nodded and added, “There’s a research institute in Clance that has developed a miracle drug for Alzheimer’s disease. I’m planning on trying it out for Grandma.”
The miracle drug was for treating memory loss. Old Mrs. Horton was getting on in years, and her body couldn’t take much more.
But she couldn’t just let Grandma live out her remaining days in confusion. If she could regain her mental clarity, Lewis would probably be happier too.
Mrs. Olsen nodded and said, “The spots in the Clance Research Institute are hard to come by. Does the Horton family have a connection now? If not, I can help…”
When Keira heard this, she looked at Mrs. Olsen. “Mom, do you have that many connections in Clance?”
Mrs. Olsen lowered her head. “I have some.”
Suddenly, Keira asked, “Who exactly are you?”
Keira had always known that Mrs. Olsen was different from others. She seemed to have no family of her own, living in Oceanion with Aunt South, and the company belonging to the Olsen family that Mrs. Olsen managed was small, providing just enough to make ends meet for the family.
They now could make money only because she helped out with her identity as Dr. South…
In the past, the Olsen family in Oceanion could only be considered middle-class class and unremarkable.
Yet Mrs. Olsen’s way of speaking and her views when discussing certain topics, even her own opinions on socioeconomics, stood out.
When Keira was a child, she often eavesdropped on Mrs. Olsen’s conversations with Isla.
She would pretend to clean the floor, squatting on the ground with a rag in hand, working while listening to her share many interesting anecdotes.
Keira’s achievements today couldn’t be separated from Mrs. Olsen’s influence. However, she had never asked or inquired about Mrs. Olsen’s personal affairs because she felt unworthy.
But now it was different.
Mrs. Olsen was her biological mother, and she was curious about her mother’s background.
Mrs. Olsen touched her head. “Isla has been unable to see through my background for so many years. I didn’t expect you, Keira, to be so sharp and intelligent.”
After that, she sighed. “But I only want you to be Keira from Oceanion, and not to delve into my past…”
Hearing this, Keira sighed.
Her biological mother’s secrets seemed a bit too numerous!
Well, better not to ask.
They had lived in Oceanion for over twenty years without any trouble, right? Just as Keira thought about this, she heard footsteps at the door. She turned around to see Ellis knocking before he entered.
Upon seeing Mrs. Olsen awake, he immediately clutched his chest. “Mrs. Olsen, you’re awake! That’s really great! Uncle Olsen will be relieved to know this!” However, when he mentioned Uncle Olsen, Mrs. Olsen’s eyes flickered, and then she said coldly and politely, “I’m fine now. Thank you for your concern.” “Hey, it’s nothing,” Ellis waved his hand. “Uncle Olsen said, your matters are my matters. Do you have any other requests?
Mrs. Olsen shook her head. “I’m fine. Tell your Uncle Olsen to go back.”
Hearing this, Ellis darted around, and he spoke again. “Uncle Olsen can go back, but before he leaves, there’s one last thing he wants to do.”
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback, “What is it?”
Ellis smiled, “Before we knew that Keira was actually your daughter, Uncle Olsen did some wrong things to Miss Olsen. He wants to apologize in person. So, he would like to invite Mrs. Olsen and Miss Olsen to a meal. Would that be acceptable?”
Uncle Olsen had traveled such a long distance to come here, hesitating at the door of the hospital room, too intimidated to enter.
What was that about “never meeting again in life and death”?
It must have been Mrs. Olsen who kept Uncle Olsen at bay.
Ellis just wanted to test the waters and see if there was still a chance.
But Mrs. Olsen looked down. “I’m not feeling well, so I won’t go.”
Ellis chuckled. “Then what about Miss Olsen? She said she would listen to her mom…”
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Olsen couldn’t help but laugh. She looked at Keira and saw her complexion a bit red. Her fingers tightened slightly, and then as if making up her mind, Mrs. Olsen said, “Keira should go and see him..”
###Chapter 211: Mama’s Girl
Chapter 211: Mama’s Girl
Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations
At that moment, Mrs. Olsen thought of many things.
She had always lived in Oceanion under a pseudonym and never even revealed her identity or connections to Isla, causing Isla to take a roundabout path to marry into a wealthy family.
Now it was Keira’s turn…
Her status was higher than Isla’s, and her situation was even more difficult.
How could the matriarch of a top-tier family like the Horton Group come from an ordinary middle-class family?
So…
Mrs. Olsen lowered her gaze.
The matter between her and Uncle Olsen was after all a grudge from the older generation, which was unrelated to Keira.
Keira had the right to know who her biological father was.
Uncle Olsen had remained unmarried for so many years; if he had a daughter, he would surely love her twice as much. With the Clance Olsen family as her ’ backup, Keira would be able to set her footing in the Horton family quickly. Mrs. Olsen’s lips curved into a mocking smile.
in the end, it seemed that even top-tier families like these were still particular about marrying equals…
Seeing her relent, Ellis raised an eyebrow at Keira. “Your mom has agreed Shall we set a time and place?”
But Keira looked at Mrs. Olsen and said indifferently, “Sure, my mom said yes but I know she didn’t really want it.”
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback.
Keira continued. “Mom, if you won’t see him, neither do I need to.”
upon hearing this, Mrs. Olsen gazed at Keira and saw her standing there with an air of casual grace. She suddenly laughed.
She had been mistaken.
Isla had always been someone who chased fame and fortune, which was why she blamed her, but Keira was different.
From her childhood, Keira had always relied on herself; she took to heart the words Mrs. Olsen had once taught them, never changing over the span of more than twenty years.
Mrs. Olsen laughed. “Then we won’t meet.”
The mother and daughter shared a smile as they looked at each other; a deep understanding lay hidden between them, not needing words to be comprehended.
However, Ellis couldn’t accept this. “Hey, you can’t go back on your word like that. Mrs. Olsen, you have no idea how difficult Keira is having it in the Horton family right now!”
He pulled up a chair and sat beside Mrs. Olsen’s bed. “I just got wind of something. The illegitimate daughter from the Horton family’s first branch has made contact with the Cobb family in Clance. If their union succeeds, the first branch will surely dominate. By then, Lewis’s position as the family head and as CEO of Horton Group might well have to be handed over!”
Keira said with a smile, “Mom, don’t listen to his nonsense. It’s not that serious. Lewis definitely has other plans.”
The man’s strength was unfathomable; Horton Group wasn’t all he had.
Ellis’s mouth twitched. “You’re quite confident in him.”
“Of course, my mom likes Lewis too.”
Ellis’s eyes flickered, and he said, “What about the clinical trial spot at the Clance Research Institute? Old Mrs. Horton’s dementia is getting worse; you should be exploring options and preparing to get a spot for the old lady to try again, right? Let me tell you, my family has connections in that area too!” Keira was perplexed.
She frowned slightly and looking at Ellis’s expression, she finally understood why they needed her to personally choose the trial spot in Clance.
The officials at the Clance Research Institute could withstand the temptation of money, but not the pressure of power!
Could they resist caving in if a family like the Clance Olsen family applied pressure?
Seeing Ellis’s confident demeanor, it was clear it was impossible.
They had thrown a hot potato at her.
Keira stroked her forehead and twitched the corner of her mouth.
Her demeanor, however, led Ellis to misunderstand. He immediately said, “The
i egitimate daughter from the first branch of the family leveraged the Cobb family in Clance to secure a spot. Do you really think she’s showing filial piety to old Mrs. Horton? Just you wait. Once the medicine is used, she’ll demand a kmg’s ransom! If Lewis doesn’t transfer five percent of the shares to her as a dowry, this deal won’t go through! And with an additional five percent the Horton family’s first branch will hold fifty-four percent of the company shares, and they’ll call a board meeting and oust Lewis from his position!” Ellis raised an eyebrow. “So, Keira, come with me to see my uncle. With Uncle Olsen stepping in, everything will be fine.”
Keira tapped her chin. “Is the Clance Olsen family that powerful?”
“Of course, we are one of the top five families!”
Ellis was extremely proud. “My uncle probably wants to take you in as his goddaughter. With the Olsen family backing you, you’ll be able to do anything in Oceanion from now on!”
Keira laughed. “Well, thank you very much for that!”
Ellis excitedly stood up but heard Keira add another line. “But really, there’s no need; having my mom is enough for me.”
Ellis was dumbfounded.
He blinked, stunned, and then his face darkened. “Keira, don’t be an ingrate’ Do you know how many people in Crera want to cozy up to my uncle? This is the first time he’s actually going out of his way to offer a favor to someone!” Keira said seriously, “Then you can’t let him be humiliated like that.”
Ellis was shocked.
Why were her words so infuriating?!
He was almost jumping with agitation. “How can you be so clueless!”
Keira spread her hands. “Born this way. Can’t help it.”
Ellis was dumbfounded.
He stared at Keira and then glanced at Mrs. Olsen, finally realizing something “All this talk about your mom. It turns out you’re really a mama’s girl!” Instead of getting angry at this remark, Keira’s eyes lit up. She suddenly found the title endearingly reassuring and smiled sweetly.
Ellis was speechless. How starved of affection was she, to be content with just her mom’s love? It was just unbearable to watch!
Then he heard her voice, cold yet tinged with excitement. “Do you have any other business? If not, please don’t disturb my mom’s rest. She just woke up and she’s still weak.”
Elhs was thus chased out of the hospital room, and standing at the door, he watched Keira. She was devoid of that prickly attitude he’d sensed at their first meeting. She was now compliant and adorable.
“Mom, want some water?
“Mom, it’s time for your medicine…
“Mom…”
All her “Mom” made Ellis feel like he was seeing his five-year-old nephew who would incessantly call out to his mom at home and drive his sister-in-law crazy every day.
Yet Mrs. Olsen would always look at her daughter with a gentle smile, showing not a hint of impatience.
Dragged down by his thoughts, Ellis returned to the hotel and entered Uncle Olsen’S room. He then ranted and jumped about how Keira was “unable to recogmze favor” and ended in a huff. “Uncle, she’s not your daughter, so there’s really no need to spoil her!”
Unexpectedly, upon saying this, he saw Uncle Olsen smile. “Her temperament is indeed very much like Miss Jodie’s.”
A sudden sense of foreboding washed over Ellis. Sure enough, the next moment he heard his uncle say, “Since she’s unwilling to meet me, then I’ll have to go to her.”
Ellis was stunned. “Where will you meet her?”
Uncle Olsen pondered for a moment and then smiled. “I cannot go to the Olsen residence, but the Horton’s, I can still visit, can’t I? I heard their old lady is ill. I’ll pay them a visit tomorrow.”
Ellis was shocked..
###Chapter 212 Support
Chapter 212 Support
Keira didn't leave the hospital ward that night. 
Even when Taylor came back in the evening and Mrs. Olsen asked her to return to the Horton family, Keira didn't agree. 
It wasn't until the next morning that Mrs. Olsen's health had fully recovered. 
Keira handled her discharge procedures and after sending her back to the Olsen family, Mrs. Olsen once again pressured her to return to the Horton family. 
Old Mrs. Horton was still seriously ill, and Keira was also full of concern. Seeing that Mrs. Olsen looked healthy and was unlikely to fall ill again, Keira finally went back to the Horton family. 
When she arrived at old Mrs. Horton's courtyard, Keira found Nathan, Oliver, and Jake still standing guard here, and she immediately noticed an additional woman in the living room. 
Oliver was talking intimately with the girl; beside her, the look in Jake's eyes was almost fiery! 
Keira immediately knew that this girl was likely Selena. 
She bore a resemblance to Oliver, looking as if she could be Jake's sister. 
Oliver was complaining. "...I heard that Isla has been sent to a psychiatric hospital, and I don't know if there is still a way to sign the divorce agreement. Your brother's marriage has completely disgraced our family!" 
Selena was laughing and comforting him. "Dad, you can file for divorce now. Her mental illness is a premarital concealment of facts. As long as you sue, the court generally grants the divorce, don't worry. Besides, Jake is the legitimate eldest grandson of our Horton family. How could he marry a woman from such a minor household?" 
Oliver immediately said, "Who in Oceanion could compare to our Horton family?" 
Selena laughed. "When I marry into the Cobb family in Clance, I'll keep an eye out for Jake." 
Jake immediately looked at her, saying coldly, "Don't bother!" 
Before Selena could respond, Oliver already scolded Jake. "Ungrateful creature, how can you speak to your sister like that? She's so concerned about you, and yet you show her no respect!" 
Jake wanted to speak, but Selena had already patted Oliver's chest. "Dad, don't be angry. Jake is young and doesn't understand, I won't hold it against him..." 
Oliver immediately nodded. "Selena, you're so sensible. I've already discussed it with your grandfather. When you come back this time, you'll stay with the Horton family!" 
Smiling, Selena tactfully declined. "Forget it, Dad. It's not suitable for me to stay at home... Moreover, Jake doesn't want to see me, and I don't want to have conflicts with him." 
Jake was slightly stunned when he heard this. 
Oliver said, "You are my daughter, how is it not suitable? If Jake dares to disrespect you, I'll be the first to not forgive him!" 
Keira wasn't interested in these matters of the first branch of the family, and she headed straight to old Mrs. Horton's bedroom, wanting to see how the old lady was doing. 
Unexpectedly, Selena changed her tune and directly targeted her. "Actually, I have an idea that could avoid conflicts with Jake, but I'm not sure if you, Aunt Keira, would agree." 
Keira was perplexed. 
She paused slightly in her steps and turned her head to look at Selena with a frown. 
Selena was around twenty-six and older than Keira, but she called her "Aunt Keira" without any hesitation. 
She looked at Keira with a smile. "I was thinking of moving into Great-grandma's courtyard to help take care of her more easily. I wonder, Aunt Keira, do you think I can do that?" 
As soon as these words came out, Oliver immediately glanced at Nathan, then smiled and said, "Your Uncle Lewis also lives here, and as a woman, it might not be convenient for you, right?" 
Selena sighed, "True, Uncle Lewis is about my age, and he and Aunt Keira are newlyweds... So what should I do?" 
Almost immediately after these words fell, Nathan looked at Keira. "You pack up. You and Lewis will move to the main house, and let Selena take over this courtyard." 
Keira's gaze instantly sharpened. 
She immediately looked at Selena and suddenly understood what the first branch of the Horton family was thinking. 
Old Mrs. Horton was suffering from dementia, her mind foggy one moment and clear the next. If Selena was in charge of this small courtyard, who was to say she wouldn't trick the old Mrs. Horton into signing over her shares without Keira or Lewis's knowledge? 
Selena indeed had more cunning methods than Jake. 
Keira didn't trust leaving Old Mrs. Horton in the care of such a scheming woman, so she said, "Sorry, I don't think so." 
Nathan frowned and, gripping his teacup, hurled it straight at Keira. "Who allowed you to speak to me like that?!" 
Keira dodged, and the teacup whizzed past her, then smashed on the ground behind her. 
Nathan pointed at her and shouted angrily, "Coming from a humble background, you really lack any manners! Your grandmother was gravely ill and yet you didn't come home all night! Do you have any concern for the elderly in your heart? I was not discussing with you just now, I was giving you an order! Pack your things right now and move to the main house! From now on, Selena will be solely in charge of this courtyard!" 
Keira frowned but did not move. 
Oliver immediately scowled and said angrily, "Keira, how dare you disobey Dad's orders?! In this household, the man is the head!" 
Selena hesitantly said, "Aunt Keira, old Mrs. Horton is my family too. You don't think I'm incapable of taking good care of her, do you?" 
Oliver immediately sneered. "What right does she have to doubt you? You're the one who secured such an important clinical trial slot for Grandma. You're now the biggest contributor in this household!" 
Selena waved her hand. "Dad, don't talk about contributors or non-contributors. I'm just being a good daughter." 
Then she looked earnestly at Keira. "Aunt Keira, it's not that I insist on living here, but I have no choice. Since Great-grandma is using a drug that's not on the market, the Clance laboratory needs to send someone to take samples from her because they need the follow-up observation data. 
"They agreed to this only because of the Cobb family's influence. When they arrive, they need to observe old Mrs. Horton's reactions at all times, which means they must stay in this courtyard. It's inconvenient for you and Uncle Lewis to stay. After all, they're my friends, and it'll be better for me to host them! You and Uncle Lewis would understand, right?" 
Keira looked at her and scoffed. "The Clance laboratory would never allow for a situation where slots are given based on connections. You sure do think highly of yourself!" 
Last night, people in Clance sent her the list of applicants, and she was still in the selection phase; there was no way Selena could have truly invited anyone over. 
But at these words, Oliver became angry. "Keira, what do you know? Selena's fiancé is from the Cobb family in Clance! Do you realize what power and status the five major families in Clance have? How could a mere laboratory be too much for them to acquire!" 
Nathan also said coldly, "I've long said Lewis's wife won't do because she comes from a small family. Do you really think the world is all fair? You've never seen real power and only imagined it. How naive!" 
Oliver sighed, "This reminds me of a story about ancient peasants chatting in the field, speculating what life was like for the emperor. Guess what they said?" 
Selena played along. "What did they say?" 
"They said, the emperor must use a golden hoe to farm, and he probably eats nothing but finest white rice. He'd eat one bowl and toss another..." 
After saying this, Oliver looked mockingly at Keira. "Lewis's wife, you understand nothing. Better not to embarrass yourself further here!" 
Keira felt the ridicule. 
Did these wealthy capitalists truly believe that money gave them the right to do whatever they wanted? 
Nathan frowned. "Women know nothing! I really don't understand how Lewis could fancy someone without a proper background like you! I've always said marriage should be between equals. With your kind, Lewis will grow tired of you sooner or later!" 
Oliver also threatened her. "Keira, I advise you to follow Dad's words obediently. That way, you'll have some support in this household. Otherwise, if Lewis wants to divorce you, it'd be just a matter of a contract! With your family being powerless, if you get kicked out and stripped of everything, there'll be no one to stand up for you!" 
As Keira was about to retort, a cold voice suddenly came from the doorway. "Who says she has no one to back her up?!"
###Chapter 213 Director Nora
Chapter 213 Director Nora
Keira suddenly turned her head, only to see a tall figure wrapped in the cold wind, entering the room. 
The weather had turned cold, and the man was wearing a black woolen coat that made him appear tall and straight. 
As he entered, his gaze quickly swept over everyone before landing on Keira. He approached her, his voice deep as he asked, "How is Mrs. Olsen?" 
Lewis who had returned. 
He had messaged Keira last night, informing her that although his grandmother hadn't yet woken up, her life wasn't in danger, which reassured Keira to remain with Mrs. Olsen. 
Keira answered, "She's been discharged from the hospital. Don't worry." 
"Good." 
Only then did Lewis turn to look at Oliver and Nathan, his voice grave as he said, "I don't need you to worry about my marriage. My wife is my responsibility! Even without a powerful maternal family to back her up, my support is more than enough!" 
Nathan sneered. "Do you think I want to worry about you? Cold-hearted people like you marry undutiful wives! Your grandmother didn't wake up last night, and we were all here on vigil, yet she was absent!" 
Lewis explained, "Mrs. Olsen was also hospitalized. She was accompanying Mrs. Olsen at the hospital!" 
Oliver immediately scoffed. "Having married into the Horton family, she's now the Hortons' daughter-in-law! She's only just recognized her mom—does she fear that she won't get an inheritance if her mother dies? How shortsighted! Can't she distinguish between the weight of her mother and her great-grandmother?" 
Keira clenched her fists tightly. Inheritance? 
That was a curse and an insult to Mrs. Olsen! 
Her eyes immediately turned icy, and Lewis's gaze became sharp as he said, "Shut up!" 
Nathan frowned. "Who are you telling to shut up? He's your brother!" 
With a steely look, Lewis retorted, "If I hear him insult Mrs. Olsen again, then you had better consider how his inheritance will be divided." 
His heedless demeanor caused Oliver to immediately shut his mouth. 
He knew full well that his brother meant what he said! 
Fuming, Nathan slapped the armrest of his chair, getting ready to speak when Fiona walked out beaming with joy. "Old Mrs. Horton is awake!" 
At her word, Keira and Lewis immediately left the first branch of the family behind, heading toward Old Mrs. Horton's bedroom. 
There, they saw the little old lady looking radiant from her sleep, smilingly watching the doorway and saying to Lewis, "Brat, where did you go?" 
Lewis immediately walked up to her. "I stepped out to take a phone call." 
"Oh, okay." 
Old Mrs. Horton then turned her gaze to Keira, immediately grabbing her hand. "You must be my daughter-in-law, Miss Davis, right? That brat doesn't know how to cherish someone. If you feel wronged, remember to tell me, and I'll definitely side with you! Don't just walk away in a huff, alright?" 
Keira was taken aback! 
She subconsciously exchanged glances with Lewis, and then both of them simultaneously turned to look at old Mrs. Horton. "Grandma, who are we?" 
"Ah! Brat, I'm your mother! Why are you calling me Grandma?" 
Old Mrs. Horton smacked Lewis lightly. 
Lewis was instantly stunned. 
He stared blankly at old Mrs. Horton, then suddenly clenched his fist tight. 
Old Mrs. Horton then held Keira's hand again, "Miss Davis, don't just stand there, sit down. You're carrying a baby... It doesn't matter whether it's a boy or a girl. After you give birth, I promise to love them for a lifetime!" 
Lewis's eyes reddened slightly. 
Even though Grandma no longer recognized him, she was still concerned about him. 
Just as he was thinking about this, the members of the first branch of the family had already joined them, with Nathan saying, "Mother only remembers me..." 
Oliver immediately added, "Of course. After all, Dad, you're her only son! She may dote on Lewis, but it's only because Lewis is your son..." 
Nathan smiled upon hearing these words. 
Over the years, old Mrs. Horton only had eyes for Lewis, her one grandchild, paying no heed to him or the first branch of the family. Unexpectedly, as her mind became muddled, she still harbored him in her thoughts. 
Pushing Lewis aside, Nathan stepped up to old Mrs. Horton, "Mom, how are you feeling?" 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately frowned. "Horton? Weren't you dead? How come you are still alive? Did you rise from the grave?" 
Nathan was dumbfounded. 
He twitched the corners of his mouth. "Mom, I'm Nathan." 
"What kind of joke is this?!" old Mrs. Horton waved her hand dismissively, pointing at Lewis as she said. "My son is handsome and dashing. How could you be that old codger! Just by looking, one can tell you're up to no good!" 
Nathan was shocked. 
Everyone in the room struggled to suppress their laughter, except for Keira, who frowned slightly. 
The old lady's dementia was getting worse, her memory regressing to when Nathan was young... It seemed that medication was a must now! 
With that thought, she took out her phone and prepared to message the person in charge in Clance, when she received a WhatsApp message. "Director Nora, hello, we're about to arrive at the Horton's in Oceanion to deliver the medicine!" 
Locals in called her Director Nora. 
Keira breathed a sigh of relief; it seemed the medicine would be delivered today. 
Just as she had this thought, Selena said, "Grandpa, don't be angry. Great-grandma is just ill..." 
At that, Nathan frowned, followed by a sigh. "I don't even know if she can remember me." 
Nathan also had feelings for old Mrs. Horton; after all, she was his own mother. 
Moreover, with his father having passed away early, it was his mother who raised him single-handedly. The Horton Group initially started out with his mother's hardware trading business, and later, when Nathan and his mother had differences in company management, she voluntarily stayed at home and stopped intervening in the company's affairs. 
Even so, several of the company's veteran figures were once her subordinates. 
It was because of this that old Mrs. Horton held thirty percent of the shares in the Horton Group, as well as people's respect. 
This was why Lewis was able to take control of the Horton Group immediately after returning to the country—it was supported by old Mrs. Horton! 
07:27 
Therefore, Nathan had a love-hate relationship with the old lady. 
Nathan looked directly at Selena, "That medicine you spoke of, does it really work?" 
Selena said, "Grandpa, up until now, Nora has created fifteen special-effect medicines, and the ones that have been launched have received great responses. This dementia drug was reportedly studied by her for a very long time..." 
As she spoke, her phone pinged. 
Selena glanced at it and immediately exclaimed with joy. "Grandpa, the laboratory staff from Clance are at the door. I'll go welcome them in right away!" 
After saying this, Selena left the room. 
Watching her leave, Nathan glanced toward Lewis and Keira, unable to help himself from scoffing. "You two better treat Selena well in the future, especially you, Lewis. She has even managed to procure a hard-to-find medicine for your great-grandma. You owe her a favor!" 
Keira scoffed. "That's not quite right. Mrs. Horton isn't just Lewis's great-grandma. Isn't she also Selena's great-grandma?" 
She truly found it amusing. 
Nathan immediately glared at her. "Such disrespect! How dare you backtalk when your elders are speaking!" 
Oliver immediately said, "Dad, don't be angry. I think Lewis's wife feels you're biased toward Selena..." 
"Keira, if you could be like Selena and find special medication for your grandma, I would be biased toward you as well," Nathan scoffed. "But you, with neither connections nor family background, can you do that?" 
Keira narrowed her eyes at this. "Who says I can't?" 
With that, Selena ushered in the researchers from the institute from the doorway.
###Chapter 214 Uncle Olsen Visits
Chapter 214 Uncle Olsen Visits
"Mr. Lee, this way please." 
Selena courteously led the way, while the man called "Mr. Lee" unconsciously glanced around him. He was first stunned by the luxurious decorations before him, and only then did he turn his gaze toward the people in front of him. 
After his eyes swept over several individuals, they finally settled on Keira with a slight startle. 
He had been fortunate to see Nora once before, although it was only a profile. 
And the person in front of him bore a resemblance to Nora. 
Keira also looked toward the person from the research institute, frowning slightly. 
The Dean of the Clance Research Institute was named Corey Mills, whom she had always known and who was the one to bring her medication, but why was this unfamiliar Mr. Lee the one who had walked in? 
As she was pondering this, Selena had already begun to introduce him. "Grandpa, Dad, Uncle, this is the Mr. Lee I mentioned. He's the cousin of my boyfriend and currently works at the institute." 
After that, she smiled at Keira. "Aunt Keira, you mentioned before that you've submitted Grandma's case to the research institute, but they're very strict with their selection and don't allow pulling strings. Truly, that's the case. Just now, Mr. Lee was telling me how the Clance Olsens, one of the five major families of Crera, suddenly asked for slots from their Dean. Fearing a conflict of interest, Dean Mills got so frightened that he rushed to Oceanion overnight, so this time the trial drug slots are indeed difficult to come by!" 
Upon hearing this, Mr. Lee quietly let out a sigh of relief. 
If Nora wanted a slot, wouldn't she just need to say the word? Why would there be any need to submit a resume? 
It seemed he had misunderstood... 
Mr. Lee then said with a smile, "Mainly because the medication developed by Nora this time is quite expensive, so the headquarters only allocated Crera fifty slots, all of which are personally chosen by Nora. It's nearly impossible to get a slot through connections. If I hadn't been moved by Miss Horton's devotion to her family, I wouldn't have begged the Dean to give me a slot." 
Selena quickly said, "I really can't thank you enough, Mr. Lee. I know how hard it is to obtain this slot; you've really done our family a huge favor this time!" 
Oliver and Nathan also promptly expressed their gratitude. 
While everyone was exchanging pleasantries with Mr. Lee, Keira glanced at the case in his hand. 
Then she sneered softly. 
This drug is indeed the special medication that she had developed, even bearing the logo of their biotech company! 
The Clance Research Institute was involved in underhanded dealings? 
While they were still contemplating, Mr. Lee said, "The medication Nora developed this time is very effective, why don't we administer a dose to old Mrs. Horton and give it a try?" 
So, everyone stepped aside, allowing Mr. Lee to approach the sickbed. 
He took out a dose of the special medicine and slowly injected it into old Mrs. Horton's arm... 
Old Mrs. Horton watched intently and, as she did, she began to feel drowsy. She yawned and fell asleep. 
Mr. Lee explained, "Nora's medication has a sedative effect, which is designed to let patients recover their intelligence while asleep. There's no need to panic; old Mrs. Horton will wake up in an hour, and she'll be somewhat improved." 
Immediately, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. 
Selena said with a smile, "Mr. Lee, there are so many people in Great-grandma's room. I don't think that's advisable, right?" 
Mr. Lee instantly got her hint and promptly said, "Right, the patient needs peace, so everyone, please go out. I need to stay here to monitor the patient's condition continuously. Just leave Miss Selena to assist me, and that'll be enough." 
Upon hearing this, Keira narrowed her eyes. Were they planning to keep the old lady under their control again? 
She immediately said, "Whatever data you need, I can help record it." 
At this, Selena butted in, "Aunt Keira, how can you be so thoughtless? The institute's patient data is strictly confidential, and that involves its core technology. Only their own staff can record it. Aren't you making it difficult for Mr. Lee by saying this?" 
Mr. Lee immediately laughed, his expression kind yet his words carrying a threat. "This time I'm taking a risk to secure this slot for your family's matriarch. The data must be submitted. If Miss Keira isn't cooperative, perhaps the slot should be given to someone else?" 
At these words, Nathan said angrily, "Keira, what are you interrupting for? Get out at once! Do you want to kill your great-grandmother?" 
With a sinister tone, Oliver added. "Lewis, you've always been the most filial to Great-grandma. Even though she has made a will stating that after her passing, all her company shares would go to you, surely you wouldn't do this on purpose?" 
Keira frowned, about to speak, when her hand was taken by Lewis, who said indifferently, "Let's go out first." 
He led Keira out the door first. 
Nathan and Oliver then followed them out. 
Following behind the couple, Oliver said smugly, "Lewis, I think you and your wife should move to the main hall, given that Mr. Lee is bound by a non-disclosure agreement. Dad, to avoid making Selena uncomfortable, I suggest everyone but Fiona moves out. Under Mr. Lee's permission, we can visit daily." 
Nathan nodded. "I think that's what should be done." 
Looking at Lewis, he considered how to persuade him. 
Keira was about to retort, but unexpectedly, Lewis agreed outright. "Fine." 
Keira was stunned at first but remained silent after some thought. 
Lewis was always meticulous in his actions, so if he agreed to this, it meant he surely had a contingency plan. 
Thinking about this, Keira followed Lewis out of the door without further comment. 
Indeed, she saw Tom waiting for them outside. 
As Keira approached, she looked straight at Lewis. "Spill it. What are you up to? Do you really trust them with Great-grandma?" 
Meanwhile. 
Outside the Horton estate. 
A black luxury car was parked there with Uncle Olsen in the backseat. Ellis immediately hopped off the car and knocked on the large iron gate. 
"Who is it?" shouted the Horton family guard. 
Ellis smiled. "Tell Lewis that Uncle Olsen has come to visit!"
###Chapter 215: Hard to Trick
Chapter 215: Hard to Trick
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The sunshine in the yard was just right.
In the midday hours, Keira observed Old Mrs. Horton’s yard from a distance, unsure of what Lewis was planning.
Upon hearing her question, Lewis smiled. “Of course, I’m at ease.”
Keira was taken aback.
Lewis then lowered his gaze. “Selena is so concerned about Great-grandma’s illness because of her shares, so she’ll definitely see to it that Great-grandma lives!”
Keira had a moment of realization upon hearing this.
Oliver had just said that old Mrs. Horton had made a will before, stating that if she were to pass away, her shares would be transferred to Lewis. Therefore, before old Mrs. Horton changed her will, the first branch of the family would for sure want the old lady to live on!
No wonder Lewis was so confident in them.
Keira sighed lightly. She had thought that Nathan, Oliver, and Selena really cared about the old lady, but, in the end, everything was still driven by self-interest.
Lewis continued. “As for Mr. Lee, I had Tom investigate him long ago; he’s genuinely an employee of the Clance Research Institute, and indeed it was the Cobb family in Clance who found this connection for Selena. We’ve confirmed the medicine he brought is real. If they can actually save grandmother, what’s a few mocking words? It doesn’t matter.”
Keira frowned. “But this is too passive!”
She didn’t like the feeling of her fate being controlled by others…
Tom sighed. “There’s no helping it. We’ve tried all means to contact Nora, but the person is too enigmatic, and her whereabouts are unknown to this day. Corey Mills from the Clance Research Institute has made it clear he won’t make exceptions; he’ll rigorously select trial subjects based on patients’ conditions. Boss thought of various ways to pressure him, but he wouldn’t relent…”
Saying this, Tom glanced at Lewis and coughed.
For old Mrs. Horton’s sake, Lewis almost resorted to using extreme measures like kidnapping to acquire the medication. But before any action could be taken, Selena made a breakthrough.
However, Tom wouldn’t tell Keira about this, so as to prevent her from knowing the boss’s involvement in the grey areas and becoming fearful.
Still, Keira curiously asked, “How did this Mr. Lee come by the medicine?”
Tom stroked his chin. “I guess he stole it.”
Keira couldn’t believe her ears.
She was shocked!
Tom continued. “Actually, we’ve already ascertained that Mr. Lee secretly brought the medicine out behind Corey Mills’ back, claiming it was Nora who personally chose the trial subjects. He could manipulate the situation, buying medicine designated for a patient at a high price – after all, the Cobb Family in Clance isn’t short on cash! That Nora, supposedly a tech geek with little business acumen, probably won’t even know about this in the end…”
Keira was shocked.
Alright, she understood now!
Did they not supervise those at the research institute closely enough?
The corner of her mouth twitching, she looked at Lewis. “Aren’t you afraid that once Grandma wakes up, they won’t let you in, and they’ll coax her into changing her will?”
“I don’t care about those shares,” he said.
Lewis glanced at her. “Besides, do you really think Grandma is that easily fooled?”
Keira was perplexed.
The old lady immediately clung to Keira’s arm and hazily followed her home the moment she saw her. Wasn’t she easy to cheat?
She was about to smirk when a sudden realization struck her…
The little old lady had run away from home twice to look for Keira, and although her mind was befuddled each time, she indeed found the place without being deceived by anyone along the way!
Lewis said indifferently, “The Horton Group was founded by Grandma. Do you really think she’s foolish?”
Keira didn’t know what to say.
As she was inwardly grumbling about something, she saw Lewis turn on his phone and open a surveillance app, and the situation inside old Mrs. Horton’s bedroom was transmitted in full clarity onto his phone screen.
Lewis said, “After Oliver said that the illegitimate daughter would bring a researcher with her, I installed this hidden camera in Grandma’s room.”
Keira was speechless.
That was quite a plan!
Before she could say anything, she saw movement in the camera feed.
Selena had been at the door all along, watching Lewis and Keira leave before she turned back to close the door with a smile at Mr. Lee. “Thank you, Lee.”
“Hey, you’re about to marry my cousin, so we’re family. No need for formalities.”
Mr. Lee and Selena approached old Mrs. Horton, calling softly, “Great-grandma? Great-grandma…”
Old Mrs. Horton opened her eyes groggily.
She still looked somewhat confused as she turned to Selena, with a hesitant expression in her eyes. “Who are you?”
Her voice was very clear!
That meant the miracle drug was really effective!
“Great-grandma, I’m Selena. My father is Oliver from the first branch of the family, your grandson. Do you remember?”
Old Mrs. Horton immediately realized. “Oh, you are the illegitimate daughter!”
Selena was speechless.
Old Mrs. Horton looked around and asked, “Why are you here?”
Selena explained. “Great-grandma, I went to great lengths in Clance to finally secure a spot in the clinical drug trial and brought it back especially to treat you! How do you feel now?”
Old Mrs. Horton took a moment to assess her feelings, then smiled, “I feel very good! My mind is much clearer, and I remember a lot of things!”
Selena seized the opportunity. “That means the medicine really works. Great-grandma, I begged my boyfriend for a long time for this, and my cousin here has essentially stolen it. The consequences would be dire if discovered, but it’s all worth it for you!”
Old Mrs. Horton was immediately touched. “Good child, you are so sweet!”
Selena took the chance and asked, “I’m about to marry into the Cobb Family in Clance, but my dowry seems a bit meager. Great-grandma, I heard that when the younger family members get married, you gift them shares… When it’s my turn, will you treat me the same?”
Old Mrs. Horton hesitated slightly. “Would I give away shares? I don’t seem to remember that?”
Selena didn’t know what to say.
The confusion on old Mrs. Horton’s face intensified. “Wait, let me ask that brat… oh, I mean your uncle about this. If it’s true, we can’t let such a good child like you be mistreated!”
Selena was dumbfounded.
“Oh dear, why am I feeling a bit sleepy? Dear child, don’t disturb me. Let me rest a bit more…”
II II
Watching Selena’s speechless expression on the phone, Keira couldn’t help but laugh.
The old lady really knew how to act!
Just as she was thinking about this, the butler ran over, panting. “Mr. Horton, someone is knocking at the door. Uncle Olsen is here for a visit!”
Upon hearing this, Lewis glanced at Keira and then said promptly, “Please let him in..”
###Chapter 216: Please Come in
Chapter 216: Please Come in
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The butler hurried off again.
Lewis wanted to follow, but then he stopped in his tracks and turned to Keira. “When I was a child abroad, I learned some skills from Uncle Olsen, and he’s half a mentor to me.”
Keira immediately understood.
Lewis knew she didn’t want to see Uncle Olsen, so he took special care to explain that he had no choice but to see him.
Keira smiled, very understanding. “Got it, it’s fine. Go ahead.”
Lewis then squeezed her hand and turned to stride out of the room.
Keira stood at the door for a while, then looked at her phone and saw the message from Corey Mills. “Director Nora, I’m at the gate of the Horton residence. Should I come and pick up the medicine, or should the guard let me in?”
Keira stared at the message for a while.
Since Lewis was aware of the situation, and old Mrs. Horton was fine, she figured it was better to keep her identity secret for now.
The identity of Nora was just too sensitive.
In recent years, everyone had been paying more attention to health, and viruses had been erupting all over the world.
The problem was that the drugs she had developed over recent years were too effective, and she had almost become a target for many big shots, to the extent that she saw on the dark web that a queen from country Y publicly announced she would do anything to get Nora, even kidnap or deceive her, just to have Nora come over!
Keira certainly didn’t want to spend the rest of her life restricted and used as nothing more than a drug research machine!
She had just recognized her mother and encountered love, feeling that life was fulfilling.
With these thoughts, Keira replied to the message, sending the location of her private restaurant Fragrance House. “Let’s meet here tonight.
She had to talk to Corey Mills about the problem of some people pilfering from
the research institute.
After sending the message, she put down her phone and re-entered the living
room.
Oliver and Nathan seemed to have heard the noise outside, and both stood up excitedly as soon as Keira entered. “Was that Uncle Olsen they said just now outside?”
Keira shrugged. “Seems like it.”
Nathan immediately said, “It really is him; he’s an honored guest in our family!”
The Olsen family was one of the five major families of Clance, a family that could rival the Davis family!
The Horton Group was walking with the Allen family.
Nevertheless, the power of the Allen family couldn’t compare to that of the five major families, so if the Hortons could get connected with Uncle Olsen, they wouldn’t have to fear the repression of the Davis family anymore!
The joyful expressions of the two made Keira involuntarily purse her lips.
Yet, Oliver’s eyes suddenly shifted toward her, and he coughed before asking,
“Uncle Olsen didn’t come specially for you, did he?”
Keira thought it unlikely.
After all, would such a busy man have the time to be so idle?
He was the one in charge of the entire Clance Olsen family, just look at how busy Lewis was every day.
Keira said, “No.”
Oliver immediately breathed a sigh of relief.
If Uncle Olsen really took special interest in Mrs. Olsen and backed up Keira, wouldn’t that put the first branch of the family at a disadvantage again?
He couldn’t help but ask, “Uncle Olsen came to the hospital before specifically for your mom. What’s their relationship? Your mom isn’t one of Uncle Olsen’s mistresses, is she?”
His question turned Keira’s expression cold in an instant. “What nonsense are you talking about?”
A dangerous aura of menace emanated from her.
A few casual comments about her were okay, but insulting her mom was not. Oliver recoiled in fright at her reaction and stepped back, stammering, “If it’s not, then it’s not. Why are you getting so agitated? Besides, your mom’s past her prime, and Uncle Olsen definitely won’t be interested in her…”
“Bang!”
Keira delivered a punch directly to Oliver’s face, making his head turn, and his cheek instantly swelled up.
Nathan was furious. “How dare you hit your older brother? Guards, seize this woman! I have to teach her a good lesson today, to make her understand what modesty and virtue means!”
The security guards outside, upon hearing this, all looked over but dared not act.
After all, not knowing that Keira was Lewis’s wife last time, those guards who had laid hands on her were still at home, nursing their injuries, and finding a job afterward had been tough.
Who would dare to lay a hand on Keira now?
Seeing that the group hadn’t moved, Keira said with a cold gaze, “If I hear you insult my mother again, I’ll hit even harder than I did just now!”
Nathan was also stunned by her behavior.
What kind of daughter-in-law threw punches so casually?
It was as if they couldn’t even touch her!
He felt humiliated by the threat, and in a fit of anger, he stormed off. “Oliver, we have important guest arriving. Let’s go welcome him. We won’t hold her accountable for now! After everything is over, we’ll teach her a proper lesson!” The pain on Oliver’s face was burning, and he even felt his teeth loosening. He could taste blood in his mouth, which made him especially furious.
And yet, unable to defeat Keira, he could only glare at her viciously before heading toward the silent Jake.
With a “slap”, he struck Jake across the face.
Oliver scolded him, “Didn’t you see your dad getting beaten? Is this how you act as someone’s son? What a waste! If your sister were here, she would have fought tooth and nail to protect me!”
Having vented his anger, Oliver felt somewhat relieved and followed Nathan out the door.
Keira took a fleeting glance at Jake.
Ever since the truth about Isla swapping identities with her came to light, Jake had been in a state of decline within the Horton family. Like now, he took a slap without flinching and merely touched his cheek.
Perhaps sensing Keira’s gaze, he promptly turned his head away with cold defiance.
Keira paid him no mind and instead headed toward the bedroom.
She hesitated a bit.
Having seen old Mrs. Horton wake up with a clear mind, she wanted to seize the opportunity to ask her about the truth of their marriage registration. This marriage had come out of nowhere and, although she was quite satisfied with her unexpected husband, she always felt like a sword was hanging over her head, not knowing when it might fall.
After a moment of thought, she knocked on the bedroom door.
Meanwhile.
Lewis had personally ushered Uncle Olsen into the parking lot.
Upon getting out of the car, Uncle Olsen asked, “I heard that old Mrs. Horton isn’t doing well; as a younger relative, I thought I should come to pay a visit.” Catching a glimpse of him, Lewis asked, “Are you sure it’s to see my grandma?” “Of course,” Uncle Olsen said candidly demeanor, his aura far from that of a liar. “Miss Keira must be performing her filial duties at your grandma s bedside, right?”
Lewis didn’t know what to say.
He knew Uncle Olsen’s intentions weren’t solely to visit the family.
But after a moment’s thought, he stepped aside. “Please.
Keira had just been scorned for lacking a powerful backer, and now her patron was here
When Nathan and Oliver witness Uncle Olsen’s attitude toward Keira later, their jaws would drop.. From then on, no one in this house would dare to look down on Keira again!
###Chapter 217 Goddaughter
Chapter 217 Goddaughter
Keira stood quietly in front of old Mrs. Horton's room. 
Selena and Mr. Lee opened the door and upon seeing her, Selena smiled slightly. "Aunt Keira, is there something you need?" 
Keira said calmly, "I have something to discuss with Grandma; could you please step aside?" 
Upon hearing this, Selena's expression flickered. 
Then she smiled and said, "Mr. Lee is conducting a physical examination on Great-grandma and recording data; it's not very convenient right now!" 
"Is that so?" 
Keira's gaze turned colder as she looked at Mr. Lee. 
Mr. Lee, holding a notebook, arrogantly nodded at her. "Yes, please excuse me." 
Keira sneered softly. 
Selena then glanced around the room until her eyes briefly settled on a potted plant on the balcony. She smiled and asked Mr. Lee, "Can we have Clivia in Great Grandma's room?" 
Upon hearing that, Fiona immediately said anxiously, "That Clivia is old Mrs. Horton's favorite flower, and that plant has been cultivated to the highest quality! If sold, it could be worth millions!" 
Selena's eyes flickered. 
Of course, she knew that; she remembered that Mrs. Cobb was particularly fond of Clivia, and gifting that plant to her would be perfect... 
With that in mind, Selena gave Mr. Lee a meaningful glance. 
Mr. Lee then coughed. "Indeed, having Clivia in the room isn't ideal; it disrupts old Mrs. Horton's rest, and it could affect our data collection." 
Selena quickly said, "Then let's move it to my room first." 
With a wave of her hand, the nanny who stayed behind to take Selena's orders immediately went to move the plant. 
Fiona's face showed a troubled expression as she looked to Keira for help. 
Keira lowered her eyes, finding Selena to be truly shameless. 
One potted Clivia, which had no effect whatsoever on Grandma's condition, yet she made such a righteous fuss about it—was it not just to appropriate Grandma's belongings? 
But...she touched her chin thoughtfully, then stepped aside after a moment. 
What did it matter if it was moved to her room first? It couldn't escape the Horton family in the end! 
Once she ascertained whether Corey Mills and Mr. Lee were colluding, she would then deal with this matter. 
Seeing that Keira remained silent, Fiona could only suppress her distress and watch as they moved the plant. "Be gentle, that flower is delicate..." 
Selena greedily eyed the potted Clivia. 
No wonder her father always told her to stay on good terms with old Mrs. Horton, the founder of Horton Group, who still held shares in Horton Group and received substantial dividends each year. 
Her private wealth was beyond count, and even a little bit slipping through her fingers would be ample for Selena to show off! 
Upon this thought, Selena looked around. 
She had just wandered through this room not long ago, and although it was merely a bedroom, it contained many items from the past! 
An invaluable jade bracelet had been carelessly left on the bathroom counter by old Mrs. Horton, an utter waste! 
Selena spoke with a smile, "Let me tidy up Great-grandma's room to prevent Mr. Lee from accidentally damaging her things..." 
She called another nanny inside, pointing out the valuable items in the room, "This, and this, as well as this, and this... Take these to my room for the time being. I'll keep them safe for Great-grandma." 
Keira just watched as Selena cleared out all the valuable things from Old Mrs. Horton's room, thinking this person really had no foresight! 
Fiona felt sorry for old Mrs. Horton, "Gosh, that's really... I can watch over it for old Mrs. Horton. There's no need for you to do that!" 
Selena looked at her gently, " Fiona, I know you take care of Great-grandmother's valuables, but after all, you are an outsider, whereas I am a member of the Horton family..." 
After these words, Selena suddenly glanced at old Mrs. Horton's safe. She turned to Mr. Lee, "Does this safe emit radiation? Isn't it also not good to have it in this room?" 
Mr. Lee smiled. "Senile dementia is mainly a brain issue. I see we have an electroencephalogram recorder here, which we can use. It's best not to keep metal items like a safe in the bedroom." 
Selena immediately called someone over "Then move this into my room as well." 
Fiona blocked the safe, "Miss Selena, don't go too far!" 
Selena said, "I'm doing all this for Great-grandmother's health. Fiona, as a housekeeper, don't you wish for her to regain consciousness soon? Or have you stolen from Great-grandmother, which is why she's scared to wake up?" 
Fiona was left speechless in shock! She had been with old Mrs. Horton for so many years, and this was the first time she had been accused of stealing! 
She looked at Selena in disbelief and turned to Keira with grievance. "Mrs. Olsen, I didn't..." 
Keira walked over and took her hand. "I know, don't worry." 
With tears welling up in her eyes, Fiona spoke in a low voice. "The documents in this safe are too important; we can't let them take it away." 
Keira's eyes flickered and she nodded. 
Then, she turned back to Selena and said indifferently, "The safe is too heavy, you probably can't move it..." 
Selena scoffed, "I'll call the security guards to move it." 
Keira raised her eyebrows. 
It didn't take long for Selena to call two security guards in. 
After the guards heard the order, they turned to see Keira standing cheerfully beside the safe, and their legs went weak. They then turned to Selena stammering, "Miss Horton, the safe is too heavy; we can't lift it." 
Selena was dumbfounded. 
Keira kept looking at her. "If you want this safe, you and Mr. Lee can come and lift it." 
"..." 
The smile on Selena's face didn't change as she spoke cheerfully, "The safe probably doesn't have much radiation anyway. Let's forget about it." 
Keira let out a scoff. 
Meanwhile, at the parking area. 
Nathan and Oliver had already rushed over. 
Nathan immediately smiled at Uncle Olsen, "Uncle Olsen, to what do we owe this honor." 
Uncle Olsen smiled back at him and then said lightly, "I heard Keira, Mrs. Olsen's daughter, married Lewis. Thus, it is only right and proper for me to visit old Mrs. Horton, and also to see how Keira is doing here." 
As soon as he said this, Nathan and Oliver's faces stiffened. 
They exchanged a glance. 
Uncle Olsen caught the wary look in their eyes and asked coldly, "What? Is there a problem?" 
Recalling his recent confrontation with Keira and the fact that he had insulted her mother, Oliver couldn't help wiping the cold sweat from his forehead, "Of course not... You're most welcome..." 
Uncle Olsen narrowed his eyes as he walked toward old Mrs. Horton's courtyard, casually mentioning to Lewis, "Mrs. Olsen and I are old classmates, and her daughter—I came here today wanting to acknowledge her as my goddaughter..."
###Chapter 218 Reunion
Chapter 218 Reunion
God-daughter! 
Oliver's forehead was covered in even more cold sweat. 
If Keira had such a powerful patron, what hope would the first branch of the family have?! 
Where on earth did Lewis find such a wife? She was an illegitimate daughter to begin with, but her status soared all of a sudden! 
He looked to Nathan for help. 
But he saw Nathan cough and suddenly say, "Send a message to Selena, have her tidy up old Mrs. Horton's room a bit, and wait for our distinguished guest." 
Oliver immediately understood his meaning and quickly took out his phone to send a message to Selena! 
Next, he heard Lewis ask, "Uncle Olsen, are you having dinner here tonight?" 
"No," Uncle Olsen said. "I heard that there's a famous private kitchen in Oceanion called Fragrance House, and Ellis has booked a spot for me." 
Lewis nodded indifferently and looked toward the courtyard ahead. 
He saw the affection that Uncle Olsen had for Mrs. Olsen and was quite touched by his one-sided protection of Isla at the beginning. 
He knew Keira didn't care about these things. 
But since Uncle Olsen was, after all, also his half-mentor, Lewis didn't want to put him in a difficult position. 
If he wanted to meet, then let him meet Keira. 
A group of people swaggered into old Mrs. Horton's courtyard, and at that moment, Jake was alone in the living room. 
No one paid attention to him as they walked straight to old Mrs. Horton's bedroom. 
When Lewis pushed open the door, Uncle Olsen's gaze immediately darted inside. 
However, he saw only Mr. Lee, a man, and Fiona, a fifty-year-old maid, in the room. Aside from these two, there was no one else. 
Uncle Olsen was slightly stunned and frowned. 
Lewis also looked at Fiona with confusion. "Where is Keira?" 
Fiona said, "Just now, Miss Selena said that old Mrs. Horton's medicine was missing an ingredient, so she took Miss Keira out to buy it." 
Upon hearing this, Oliver let out a huge sigh of relief. 
The message he had just sent to Selena wasn't actually about welcoming a distinguished guest but to have her send Keira away, to prevent Keira from encountering Uncle Olsen. 
After all, this was the Horton residence. If Keira complained to Uncle Olsen and he were to erupt on the spot, what would he do?! 
There was certainly a gap between the Horton family and the Clance Olsen family, not to mention Uncle Olsen's fame for having influence in both the underworld and legitimate businesses! 
It was better that Keira wasn't here... 
He said, "That's really unfortunate..." 
Lewis, however, scoffed. 
Uncle Olsen also narrowed his eyes, looking displeased as he asked, "They went out to buy medicine. How long until they return?" 
Before Fiona could answer, Mr. Lee smiled. "The medicine I need here is quite a lot, and they likely won't find everything in one pharmacy, so it'll be a while..." 
Uncle Olsen scoffed coldly but still suppressed his anger. 
He glanced at old Mrs. Horton, exchanged a few words with Lewis, and without staying any longer, got into his car and left. "To Fragrance House." 
... 
Meanwhile, Keira had been suddenly grabbed by the arm by Selena and taken out through the back door, then led around to various pharmacies to pick up medicine. 
By the time they reached the third pharmacy, Keira said casually, "Uncle Olsen has already left, can we go back now?" 
Selena stiffened slightly. "Aunt Keira, what are you talking about? I don't understand..." 
Keira scoffed. "That suitcase of yours, it's bigger than Isla's, isn't it?" 
Selena was startled, "What?" 
"You can fit more bullshit in it than she does!" 
"..." 
Selena, unbothered by the scolding, still smiled warmly. "Auntie, I really am looking for medicine for Great-grandma. If you don't want to stay with me, just leave; I can go by myself." 
Keira, not wanting to waste more words, turned and left the pharmacy. 
She checked the time, hailed a taxi by the roadside, and went to Fragrance House. 
Emboldened by the medicine she obtained through Mr. Lee's theft, Selena was doing as she pleased within the Horton family; Keira knew she had to suppress Selena's arrogance. 
However, the most urgent matter was to find out whether Corey Mills was in any way connected to Lee's theft of the medicine. 
If Dean Mills was involved, he could forget about retaining his position! 
With these thoughts, Keira arrived at Fragrance House. 
As soon as she entered, she saw Corey Mills sitting idly at a dining table outside, waiting for her. 
Keira walked straight up to him. 
Corey Mills was about forty years old, and his lengthy research career had left his skin somewhat pale; he was on the heavier side, which made him appear slightly younger. 
Mills stood up with a smile, "Director Nora, you've finally arrived!" 
Keira sat down opposite him. 
Mills then handed her a box of medicine. "This is the medicine you asked for." 
He also took out a printed document and handed it to her. 
It listed all the cases that their institute had received to be selected, with each person's basic health condition clearly documented. 
Mills said, "These are the individuals who meet our screening criteria; you can decide on the candidates." 
Keira looked at him. "Dean Mills, is there a researcher named Lee at the Clance Research Institute?" 
Mills was caught off guard. "There are several people with that name, may I ask which one you are referring to?" 
Keira fixed her gaze on him. "The one related to the Cobb family." 
Mills' eyes were honest, showing no sign of lying. "Oh, you mean Logan Lee. He has been busy at the institute recently and just took ten days of annual leave!" 
Seeing that he was completely unaware of the situation, Keira scoffed. "Then are you aware that he is now in Oceanion?" 
Mills was shocked. "What? He's in Oceanion? Is he here on vacation? I really didn't know about this..." 
Realizing something was off, he asked, "Director Nora, has something happened?" 
Keira snorted. "It's just that someone suddenly showed up at the Horton's, claiming to have obtained an experimental slot, and is now strutting around there." 
Mills stood up abruptly. "How is that possible?! The slots haven't been made available to the public yet; where did he get one?!" 
Keira looked at him, remaining silent. 
Mills' forehead immediately broke out in a cold sweat. "Director Nora, I understand what you mean. I'll look into it right away!" 
Having said that, he didn't even dare to stay for the meal and hurried off to investigate the matter. 
Keira sat there leisurely. 
Since she was here, she might as well stay for a meal before leaving. 
Her seat was facing the entrance of the restaurant, so she ate while enjoying the view outside. 
Suddenly, a black luxury car pulled up in front of the door. 
An instant later, a man in a black cape strode in. 
Keira looked at him curiously. 
The man exuded a stern air, appearing to be in his forties or fifties, his maturity radiating a distinguished charm; he was rather handsome! 
Keira found him quite pleasing to the eye, so she took a longer look. 
Uncle Olsen, who had just entered, quickly caught the gaze and turned his head to look over, only to see a young woman watching him with an admiring eye. 
But when Uncle Olsen got a clear view of the face, he suddenly froze in place!!
###Chapter 219 Mom
Chapter 219 Mom
Uncle Olsen was a bit stunned. 
For a moment, he felt as if he had seen his mother when she was young. 
The girl bore a striking resemblance to his late mother, and he found it hard to take his eyes off her. 
He stared at Keira with a dazed expression, involuntarily moving closer to her… 
When Keira saw this handsome middle-aged man approaching, she was slightly taken aback. 
She looked around and saw that there was no one else, so was this man coming to see her? 
While she was pondering this, she saw Uncle Olsen sit down in front of her, facing her. 
Keira asked, "…Do you need something?" 
Uncle Olsen said, "Wasn't it you who was staring at me first?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
No way. 
She had only glanced at him a few times; was she being deliberately provoking? 
Keira chuckled. "I just felt that you look very familiar, Sir." 
"What a coincidence." Uncle Olsen's voice was deep with a hint of coldness, but his tone now seemed tinged with reminiscence. "Me too." 
It had been over twenty years since he last saw his mother… Upon closer look, this girl's demeanor wasn't quite the same as his mother's, but that face… 
He suddenly asked, "May I ask what your father's surname is?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
She found the man b a bit strange, but he also gave her a feeling of familiarity, which made her not want to lie. 
Taylor wasn't her dad… perhaps Uncle Olsen was, or perhaps not… Mrs. Olsen didn't tell her last time. Her eyes were filled with deep sadness, so Keira didn't inquire further. 
After thinking for a moment, Keira said, "I don't know." 
Uncle Olsen was taken aback. "How do you not know?" 
"Because I've never met him." 
Keira shrugged. "Is that strange?" 
Seeing her carefree demeanor, Uncle Olsen gave a wry smile, shaking his head. "No." 
The smile at the corner of Keira's lips portrayed her happiness. "Right, it doesn't matter who he is. Having my mom is enough for me…" 
Uncle Olsen asked, "Are you very close with your mom?" 
"Well." 
Since Keira found out the truth about the baby swap, these days had been the happiest of her life. 
The joy she had been suppressing made her want to share it with someone. 
But she was never one to talk much, and the list of those she would talk to willingly was short. Unfortunately, Lewis had been preoccupied with his grandmother's issues lately, and she didn't feel right talking about her own happiness. 
Seeing this stranger, she suddenly felt a strong desire to share. 
Looking at Uncle Olsen, she slowly began. "You know what? My mom is the best mom in the world. Ever since I was little, if I did poorly on a test, she wouldn't scold me; she'd even buy me a cake to cheer me up… She seems to have never wanted me to be anything special, just happy and joyful…" That was Mrs. Olsen's philosophy in raising Isla from childhood. 
Keira had dreamt countless times that she was Isla, comforted tenderly by Mrs. Olsen, held in her arms… 
Those dreams used to make her feel guilty as if she had taken something away from Isla. 
Even a hint of envy seemed inappropriate. 
But now, she understood that it wasn't a dream. 
Keira added. "I got married, and my mom never once looked down on me for marrying poorly. When she heard my husband was a vagabond, she would just gently smile and ask me to bring him home for her to see…" 
She went on and on, talking about many things. 
Not until she noticed the handsome middle-aged man's stern face soften did she suddenly come back to her senses. "Sorry, I talk too much." 
Uncle Olsen, however, didn't mind, and as he looked at her face, he too reminisced about his own mother, his eyes filled with longing as he slowly said, "Your mom is indeed great, but my mother was even better." 
Keira was intrigued. 
As a mama's girl, she couldn't let that challenge slide. 
She rolled up her sleeves, smiling in a way that was anything but happy. "Impossible! There's no mom better than mine in this world!" 
Uncle Olsen frowned. "I've never seen a mom more open-minded than mine." 
"That's because you haven't seen much," Keira scoffed. "My mom isn't just kind; she's also beautiful!" 
Uncle Olsen retorted coldly, "My mom was even more beautiful! She was known as the number one beauty in her day!" 
Keira spoke dismissively, "If you could meet my mom, you would know; no one can resist my mom's charm!" 
Uncle Olsen was perplexed. 
He actually became quite curious. "Then why don't you take me to see her?" 
"Sure, let's go right now!" Keira stood up, spurred by the desire to show off her mom to the whole world! 
The atmosphere between the two suddenly turned tense, and the other customers turned to look. The nearby waiter, seeing their argument, nervously made to intervene, but then saw... 
Keira and Uncle Olsen were staring at each other, faces puffed with anger, but then all at once, both burst into laughter! 
Keira felt that her previous behavior was a bit childish, and also quite silly! 
Uncle Olsen's usually icy face also broke into a smile, and he thought how ridiculous it was for a middle-aged man to be squabbling here with this young girl. 
Uncle Olsen asked, "Do you have plans tonight?" 
Keira nodded. "Yeah, my husband will be here in a bit." 
Uncle Olsen said, "I've heard this private kitchen serves delicious food, and I'd like to try more. It feels wasteful with too few people, so how about joining tables?" 
Keira immediately said, "No problem! Are you from out of town? Then dinner is on me!" 
Uncle Olsen was always direct, and he nodded. "Well then, I shall graciously accept." 
His personality really appealed to Keira, and she grew even fonder of him, so she waved over a waiter and ordered, "Bring us a round of all the specialty dishes!" 
It was her own restaurant, after all; she could eat as she pleased. 
Uncle Olsen didn't but said, "Shall we add each other on WhatsApp?" 
"Sure!" 
Keira took out her phone, and they scanned each other's QR codes. 
Uncle Olsen said, "I don't usually add just anyone on WhatsApp." 
A smile tugged at Keira's face. "Same here." 
After adding each other on WhatsApp, Keira immediately chuckled. "Uncle, you're my friend now, so if you need help with anything, just let me know." 
Uncle Olsen seized the moment. "Actually, I do have a trouble I'd like your advice on." 
Keira asked, "What's the issue?" 
"I accidentally offended a younger person, how do I make her happy again?" 
Keira stroked her chin, pondering. "Man or woman?" 
"A young woman." 
"You should give her flowers," Keira racked her brains for a plan. "Pink ones are best! Girls love pink!" 
Uncle Olsen nodded."I'll try that." 
"Okay, if she's not appeased, I'll come up with more ideas for you. Just message me on WhatsApp then." 
Keira raised her phone and then noticed a message from Lewis on WhatsApp. "I'm at the entrance. Are you in the lobby or a private room?" 
Keira immediately looked toward the entrance and, sure enough, spotted Lewis getting out of the car. 
Her eyes lit up, and she waved at him!
###Chapter 220: Little Girl
Chapter 220: Little Girl
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Lewis was also wearing a black wool coat today, his imposing demeanor on a par with that of the handsome man facing Keira.
He got out of the car with a cold expression and went inside, but it seemed he sensed something, and he turned to look toward Keira.
Seeing the girl waving at him, Lewis’s expression softened.
It was only then he noticed that there was someone sitting across from Keira.
He was about to see who it was when his phone suddenly rang.
Lewis immediately answered, and a shrill voice came from the other side.
“Lewis, where are you? I want to see you!”
Lewis frowned. “Sorry, I’m having dinner with my wife.”
“Can you come over, please? Lewis, when we were kids, you promised to marry me when we grew up, how can you not come? I’m waiting for you!”
Madeleine started to cry, a sound that only made Lewis feel waves of irritation.
At nine years old, he was sold by Oliver to traffickers and was detained in a mountain village with a group of children.
At that time, all the other children were trembling with fear, crying out for their parents, all except for a four-year-old girl who was different.
She asked curiously, “They’re neither hitting us nor scolding us, and they even give us food, why are you all crying?”
That was when Lewis started to notice her.
Later, the traffickers saw that she was well-behaved and obedient, so they let her go outside to work and gradually began to trust her.
She became friends with Lewis.
When Lewis asked her name, she replied that her mother hadn’t named her yet… At that time, he was almost shocked. A four-year-old child who didn’t have a name yet? How badly did her family treat her?
No wonder she even felt that the traffickers were better than her mother…
As time went by, there were fewer and fewer children around, and Lewis knew he couldn’t wait any longer. Aside from his grandmother, no one in the Horton family genuinely wanted him back; he had to save himself.
He asked the only little girl who could move freely to put sleeping pills in the traffickers’ food. At first, the girl didn’t want to do it.
She said, “Brother, the traffickers always let me eat half a bread at every meal. I don’t want to go home. Do you want to go home?”
He answered, “I do.”
The little girl fell silent for a moment. “Okay, then I’ll help you.”
She drugged the food and unlocked the door.
All the children ran out.
Lewis also wanted to run, but seeing the little girl obediently sitting at the doorway, he asked, “Why don’t you run?”
“I don’t want to go home.”
But she had to go home. She was the one who had let all the children escape. If she stayed here, the traffickers would kill her.
Lewis grabbed her hand, “Then come home with me.”
The little girl’s eyes lit up, “Okay.”
They walked a very long distance until the police found them and then used the child trafficking records to locate their homes for them.
At that time, Lewis lived in his old home, not yet in Oceanion.
The little girl needed to be taken to her home in Oceanion. She clung to Lewis’s hand and wouldn’t let go, crying loudly. Her voice was very high-pitched. “Brother, you said you’d take me with you, you liar!
Lewis looked at the police officer. “I want to take her home with me, and she wants to come with me, too.”
The police officer couldn’t help but smile and shake his head. “You’re both still young. Each of you needs to go back to your respective homes. You can’t take her away…”
The girl cried even harder, her face covered in tears. Her eyes were barely open, and she looked extremely disheveled. “I don’t want to go home! I want to go with him Big brother, what do I have to do to become a part of your family?” She looked so unsightly while crying, but Lewis thought of the three months they were held captive, where his reserved personality meant the other children didn’t interact with him. Only the little girl stayed with him…
He thought about how the little girl had drugged the human trafficker in order to save him.
Lewis looked at her and said seriously, “How about this? When you turn twenty, I’ll come to marry you! Once I’ve married you, you can come home with
me!”
“Really?”
“Yes!”
“Pinky promise]!”
II II
Later, after he returned home, his grandmother, wanting to protect him from further abuse by the first branch of the family, sent him abroad to study while he was still very young.
It wasn’t until he gradually built his own power that he sent people back to look for the little girl.
But too much time had passed, and the police station from that era didn’t have internet, and there had been a fire, destroying all the records.
He could only find the officer who was responsible for the trafficking case back then and searched house by house until he finally found Madeleine.
Madeleine wasn’t from a good background; her father was an alcoholic, and her mother a gambling addict.
She had been bullied since she was little and didn’t even have a name until she was four years old. It was only because of the human trafficking case and the police’s requirement that she was given a name.
She knew everything about Lewis and the little girl s past…
Clutching at his collar, she cried out, “If it hadn’t been for your effort to rescue everyone, I might have been sold to a nice family and lived a peaceful life!
Instead of coming back to this hell! Why did you come to pick me up so late?!” At 18, Madeleine was nothing like the stubborn, obstinate, yet bright little girl of her childhood. The doctors said that growing up in such an environment, she was bound to have problems.
Madeleine was severely depressed and had post-traumatic stress disorder.
She was in a complete mental breakdown.
She was no longer the person he remembered.
But Lewis still honored his promise and took her abroad to help her escape that cesspool.
Madeleine kept asking him to marry her…
However, Lewis didn’t know if a child’s promise made at the age of nine could be taken seriously.
Only after growing up did he understand the true meaning of marriage.
So he kept delaying the fulfillment of his promise.
As Lewis came back to his senses, he wanted to tell her he was already married and ask Madeleine to keep her distance in the future, but before he could speak, her mobile phone was snatched away, and the voice of a medical staff person came through.
“Mr. Horton, please come quickly, Miss Davis is having another episode! We can’t control her! Miss Davis has severe self-harming tendencies right now. She’s holding a fruit knife, and there’s a risk to her life! Only you can redeem her! She’ll calm down only if you come!”
Lewis took a deep breath, clenched his fingers tightly, and could only say in resignation, “I’m on my way now.”
He turned and got into the car.
In the end, the root of the matter was that he owed Madeleine.
After getting in the car, he sent a WhatsApp message to Keira. “Sorry, something urgent came up.”
Keira watched him leave, still in a daze.
It wasn’t until her phone vibrated that she received Lewis’s WhatsApp message. She looked down at it and replied, “It’s okay. Next time.”
Putting down her phone, she said to the middle-aged man, “My husband had something urgent and couldn’t make it.”
“He stood you up. That’s not nice,” Uncle Olsen commented.
Keira didn’t defend Lewis; she had gotten used to this man suddenly disappearing.
As the dishes were served, Uncle Olsen suddenly looked at Keira.. “I haven’t asked yet, what’s your name?”
###Chapter 221: See You Again
Chapter 221: See You Again
Translator: Henyee Translations 1 Editor: Henyee Translations
Keira looked up upon hearing this. She was about to give her name but stopped herself.
Then, she raised an eyebrow and said, “Sir, there are some things that I find hard to say to familiar people, but strangely, I can open up to a stranger. How about we make a deal and not pry into each other’s private affairs?”
Uncle Olsen burst into hearty laughter, feeling that this young lady was very much to his liking!
“Deal.”
Neither of them was good with words, but they both had an understanding when it came to eating. They reached for the same dish at the same time.
After the meal, Uncle Olsen wiped the corner of his mouth. “You bought me dinner, so I must treat you to one in return.”
“No problem,” Keira smiled.
“Then let’s do it in two days,” Uncle Olsen suggested, looking at her. “I’m returning to Clance in two days. How about I invite your whole family to a farewell banquet right here? I can see for myself what your mother is really like.”
Keira laughed. “Sure!”
Mrs. Olsen was always spontaneous, and Keira knew without asking that her mother would agree.
“See you later.”
Keira waved her hand, stood up to pay the bill, and then went out to take a taxi.
After she left, Uncle Olsen waited in his original spot for a while before chuckling to himself.
If Ellis were here, he’d be shocked!
In the last twenty years, Uncle Olsen hadn’t smiled more than three times!
Uncle Olsen looked around the dining table, thought about the enjoyable meal he’d just had with the young woman, and eventually left the restaurant reluctantly to return to his hotel.
No sooner had he entered than he saw Ellis working while eating takeout.
Uncle Olsen was about to walk past him but suddenly came back to stare at him, thinking of the girl’s face which closely resembled her mother’s, and suddenly asked, “Your father, or your second uncle, do either of them have an illegitimate daughter outside?”
Ellis almost choked on his food. “Uncle, what kind of joke is that?”
“I saw a young girl today who looked a lot like your grandmother.”
Ellis’s mouth twitched. “There are plenty of people in the world who look alike. Uncle, you’re really overthinking it! Instead of suspecting my dad and my second uncle, you might as well consider whether you have any children you don’t know about!”
Uncle Olsen was speechless.
Keira didn’t return to the Horton family but took a taxi to the Olsen family to find her mom.
She hadn’t seen Mrs. Olsen all day and missed her dearly. Standing outside Olsen residence again, Keira felt differently.
In the past, she thought of this place as hell, from where she needed to escape. But standing there today, she felt it was home because her mother was there… Keira pushed open the door, then was shocked.
She saw the tidy courtyard cluttered with many items, with large packing boxes being sorted by the housekeepers, who were putting things inside.
When the housekeepers saw Keira, they immediately smiled. “Good to see you Miss!” ’
Keira felt a warmth in her heart.
She quickly made her way past them into the living room, where she saw Mrs. Olsen sitting on the sofa, looking at a piece of paper. Her eyes lit up when she saw Keira. “Keira, come quickly…”
Keira walked over and leaned beside her, only to see that she was holding a renovation blueprint. “I had them demolish the upstairs room that belonged to Isla. We’ll replace it with decorations you like. That way, you can bring Lewis over to stay occasionally.”
Keira’s eyes immediately filled with tears.
This morning, when she returned from discharging her mother from the hospital, Keira glanced upstairs… Isla’s room and traces of her presence were everywhere in the villa…
At that moment, she didn’t think much about it, but little did she expect Mrs. Olsen would know all about it…
She held Mrs. Olsen’s arm. “Mom, you are the best mom in the world! I really like the renovation designs on this blueprint!”
Mrs. Olsen patted her head. “Silly child, this is all because I owe you… What did you have for dinner tonight?”
Keira chuckled. “I met a very interesting uncle today and treated him to dinner. He said he’d treat us to a meal in two days. Mom, let’s go together!”
“Sure.”
As expected, Mrs. Olsen agreed immediately and then added. “By the way the basement where you and Poppy Hill used to live, I had it demolished today But some of your things are still there. We should go pick them up so that they don’t accidentally throw them away…”
Keira nodded.
The two went down to the basement.
The semi-basement was very dim and about four square meters big, which was too small to fit anything besides Keira’s small bed.
After Keira grew up, Poppy moved to the housekeeper’s quarters, leaving Keira alone in that space.
She immediately ran to the bed and pulled out a cardboard box.
When Keira left the Olsen family, Poppy didn’t allow her to take anything, so the contents of the box remained behind.
Mrs. Olsen looked at how Keira cherished that box and laughed as she opened it, but when she saw what was inside, she was suddenly stunned.
Inside, there were all the things she had given to Keira.
There was a doll that had been cut open and then sewn back together, which Mrs. Olsen had given to Keira when she was three years old.
There was a white dress torn into strips, which she had secretly given to Keira on her thirteenth birthday.
There was even a shattered cell phone, which she had given to Keira when she was about to leave the Olsen family…
Isla was very terrifying as a child; whatever Mrs. Olsen gave to Keira would be destroyed by Isla, who would then have Poppy severely punish Keira.
Mrs. Olsen knew this, but every time she scolded Isla, Isla would cry and say she was afraid of her love being divided and given to Keira…
So later, Mrs. Olsen stopped giving Keira gifts, afraid of hurting her.
Mrs. Olsen’s tears fell. “Keira, do you hate me?”
“I don’t hate you!” Keira replied with a smile. “Mom, do you know? I’m really glad that Poppy Hill never gave me a name, and later at the police station when I randomly chose one for myself, I thought about you. Actually, when I was a kid, I always wanted to sing for you…”
Mrs. Olsen’s eyes reddened even more, and she tightly held Keira’s hand. “Keira, let’s throw all these away, and I’ll make up for all the gifts from when you were one year old to now.”
She didn’t want to keep those that were rotten, as they would only bring sadness!
Keira understood her thoughts and nodded. “All these can be thrown away, but there’s one thing that can’t…”
She rummaged through the box and pulled out a jade ring.
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback when she saw it. “What is this?”
The jade ring looked very old, and the quality of the jade was excellent, probably quite valuable.
Keira explained, “This was given to me by a big brother.”
When she was separated from that boy after being kidnapped as a child, he gave her the jade ring, telling her, “If you can’t stand your family, take this and come find me; I’m in Glow Village in Oceanion’s Cloud Town.”
Keira always remembered that place firmly.
That was her only hope every time she felt like she was about to die when she was a child.
She drew a red string, threaded the ring onto it, and hung it around her neck then pointed to everything in the room, “The rest can be thrown away!” After Keira’s arrival, Taylor went to the study.
Their relationship was even more awkward, as they weren’t father and daughter.
Keira was downstairs discussing the room’s decoration with Mrs. Olsen, very interested in it and treating the matter seriously, knowing that it was going to be her future home.
When it was getting late, Mrs. Olsen urged her to go home, and Keira reluctantly walked out the door.
But when she stepped out, she saw Lewis’s Bentley parked outside.
Keira was slightly startled and walked over.
Lewis got out of the car and came to open the door for her. “I knew you were
here, so I came to take you home.”
Keira smiled.
Lewis said in a low voice, “Sorry, I tonight…”
“It’s okay.”
Keira interrupted him.
Lewis pursed his lips tightly and braced his chin.
After getting into the car, Lewis still stared straight ahead.
He had just gone to the hospital.
Madeleine really had a fruit knife against a major artery in her neck while shouting at the doctors. “Don’t come over, don’t come over! I just want Lewis!” And when he arrived, Madeleine looked at him. “Lewis, you promised to marry me! Do you know, marrying you is my biggest hope! It’s the only reason I keep living! Now go home and divorce that woman! Otherwise, I’ll kill myself!” She took the knife and moved it around her neck with such force that she seemed to really mean it.
Lewis had previously thought she might be faking it, using the affairs of their childhood to morally blackmail him. But after consulting many psychiatrists, he concluded that she wasn’t lying.
Her only hope to live on was him.
Lewis felt the air inside the car incredibly stuffy, so he loosened his tie and clenched his fists.
Did he really have to fulfill the promises made in childhood?
And what about Keira, his wife?
Lewis took a deep breath and turned to Keira. “Why did you suddenly go back to the Olsen house?”
Keira subconsciously touched her neck. “I went back to fetch some things.” Her action made Lewis notice something new around her neck, and he couldn’t help but ask, “What is it that you treasure so much you have to hide it….”
###Chapter 222 Flowers
Chapter 222 Flowers
Keira teased him. "A token of affection." 
Lewis was stunned for a moment, his gaze becoming tense. "Who gave it to you?" 
"Certainly not you." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Lewis's eyes darkened slightly. "Since it wasn't me, then it can be thrown away." 
"That won't do." Keira looked up. "I'm thinking about returning it to him in the future. It looks quite valuable!" 
"Huh, as if it could be anything valuable." 
Keira then asked, "Do you want to see it?" 
"Don't want to see it." Lewis was stubborn, but his eyes still glanced toward her neck. 
Keira clicked her tongue. 
"What is it?" 
"How come I smell a hint of jealousy?" 
The two bantered and soon arrived at the Horton residence. 
Although Selena had sent them to stay in the main house, they still went to visit old Mrs. Horton first. 
Seeing Lewis's sulking face, Selena didn't dare to put on airs and let them into the room. 
Keira noticed that aside from the safe, all other valuable items had been removed from the room. Fiona secretly told her that all were taken to Selena's own room. What a greedy woman. 
She whispered complaints, treating Keira as the hostess, with an air of seeking her decision, "…All of these were left for you by old Mrs. Horton, and now she has snatched them all away!" 
Keira felt a warmth in her heart. 
She had no family since she was young. Now the Olsens were renovating for her, and she was gradually getting used to life at the Horton's… 
She smiled slightly and whispered back, "Don't worry. What's ours, she can't take away." 
Fiona breathed a sigh of relief then. 
Old Mrs. Horton was still asleep, and Keira saw her complexion looking better. She checked the readings on the surrounding equipment and, finding everything in order, felt relieved. 
She and Lewis walked out of old Mrs. Horton's courtyard, heading toward the main house. 
On the way, Lewis asked her, "What did Fiona tell you just now?" 
Keira repeated Fiona's words with a smile, and Lewis's face turned cold. "She brought medicine for grandma; I won't mistreat her. But things that shouldn't be touched, don't even think about it!" 
Keira wasn't really concerned about the property, but she did worry a bit. "We're not here to watch over Grandma; wouldn't she mistreat her?" 
"Don't worry," Lewis said indifferently. "The old man isn't so good to me, but he has always been quite good to Grandma. Selena wouldn't dare to harm grandma!" 
If it weren't for Nathan's great respect toward old Mrs. Horton, the old lady might not have been able to protect Lewis. 
When Lewis was a child, Nathan and Oliver were set on getting rid of him, the burden. 
The very thought chilled Lewis, but at that moment, his hand was suddenly taken into a warm little hand. 
He looked sideways to see the girl pointing at the sky. "Look, the moon is so full tonight!" 
Lewis was infected by her joyful mood and also looked up. 
The moonlight was bright and beautiful. 
But he only glanced once, his gaze then fell on Keira's profile. 
Her silhouette was distinct, her flawless complexion so fair it was nearly translucent, with long lashes… She wasn't at all like the delicate beauty of a traditional type, but rather, she carried an air of valor. 
And those lips, neither too thin nor too plump… 
Lewis swallowed. 
Keira was walking ahead, but then she sensed Lewis by her side had stopped. 
She turned her head curiously and was instantly engulfed by the man's profound gaze. 
His eyes were very deep, like the vast starry sky, which was inscrutable. 
The two looked at each other, and Lewis suddenly stepped forward, closing the distance between them. 
The night air in winter was actually a bit cold, and there were no insects or birds chirping among the surrounding trees, which made it exceptionally quiet. 
So quiet that Keira could hear her own heartbeat. 
She pursed her lips, and her nervous breathing grew heavier. 
The atmosphere suddenly turned intimate. 
Just then, Lewis slowly lowered his head… 
His face drew closer and closer, so close that his breath seemed to spray onto her face. 
The pleasant scent of vanilla from the man surrounded Keira's, making her subconsciously close her eyes. 
"Thump, thump, thump..." 
It was the sound of a heartbeat. 
They were about to kiss, weren't they? 
Keira, who never feared anything, now found herself so nervous that it felt like the air in her chest had been sucked out... 
But the next moment, she felt something lightly brush over her head... 
Keira opened her eyes in surprise, only to see a leaf in Lewis's hand. "...You had a leaf in your hair." 
Keira was perplexed. 
She asked without thinking, "Did you come so close just to remove this leaf for me?" 
"What else?" 
"I thought..." Keira started but then immediately stopped herself. 
Lewis chuckled lowly. "Thought what?" 
"Nothing." 
Keira was angry. 
She turned and walked away. 
But no sooner had she turned around than her arm was forcefully pulled, and she crashed hard into Lewis's broad chest. 
Keira paused, instinctively struggling, but in the next moment, Lewis lowered his head and kissed her! 
Keira froze in place! 
She could feel the drumming heartbeat in his chest. His lips were so soft, but then Keira's eyes widened. 
Lewis was prying open her lips, gently and carefully probing at first, then suddenly launching a full assault! 
The winter wind was cold. 
But Keira felt this burning desire... She was having trouble breathing and wanted to retreat, but Lewis's large hand held the back of her head, deepening the kiss. 
Her hands unconsciously wrapped around the man's waist... 
The air seemed to have been sucked away, and her rationality vanished entirely... 
After a long while, Keira felt something nudge her feet. She was jolted awake and pushed Lewis away. 
With flushed cheeks, Keira looked down to see the puppy standing there, wagging its tail, its little puppy eyes looking up at them curiously and seriously, then licking her leg. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She was so embarrassed she could die! 
She turned and ran quickly toward the main house, leaving only Lewis behind. He watched her from behind, touching his lips with a finger, and chuckling softly. 
Then, he gestured to the puppy with a finger to his lips. "Shh... Don't tell anyone, she's shy." 
The puppy looked confused. 
After saying this, Lewis followed Keira, walking slowly toward the main house. 
Just as he reached the doorway, he saw her standing there, looking down and kicking a pebble, with a somewhat girlish attitude, glaring at him. 
Keira had never been to the main house, so she had no idea where to stay. 
Lewis quickened his steps, approached her, and took her hand. 
Keira immediately withdrew as if burned, coughed, and then entered the living room with him. 
They were then approached by the butler, whose face bore an unusual expression. 
The butler gave Keira a meaningful look and coughed. "Madam, someone has sent you a gift. I've placed it in your room." 
Keira was confused. 
She was taken aback. She instinctively glanced at Lewis, who frowned, clearly indicating the gift wasn't from him. 
She and Lewis went upstairs, entered the room the butler had mentioned, and saw a sea of pink roses! 
There were no fewer than 999 roses, almost covering the sofa... 
Keira walked over and opened an envelope attached to the bouquet, which only listed the name of the person who sent the flowers: Uncle Olsen. 
Keira was perplexed. 
She suddenly remembered giving advice to that handsome uncle earlier, mentioning that to woo a girl he should send pink flowers...
###Chapter 223 Flowers
Chapter 223 Flowers
Keira was momentarily dumbfounded. 
By her side, Lewis had already walked over, glancing inconspicuously at her card as he asked, "Is it from the same person who sent you the token of commitment?" 
Keira found it amusing and handed him the card. 
After seeing Uncle Olsen's name, Lewis cleared his throat and complained, "Why would an elder send roses?" 
Keira sighed silently. 
So, sending flowers to charm a girl was a universal tactic? 
But she wasn't really angry with Uncle Olsen. After all, he had done it to stand up for Mrs. Olsen... 
She just felt that if Mrs. Olsen and Uncle Olsen didn't meet, and she went to meet and chat with Uncle Olsen, it might upset her mother. 
She quietly turned to the butler, "Please put these flowers in the living room." 
Nine hundred and ninety-nine roses were simply too many. 
The butler nodded and carried the flowers out. 
Only after he left did Keira look around Lewis's room. 
This bedroom of Lewis's wasn't actually the family head's room; the room that Oliver was living in was. 
As soon as Oliver got married, Nathan immediately vacated the place for him and Melissa, sending a clear signal to the outside world: Oliver was to be the future family head. 
Unfortunately for Oliver, Lewis snatched the position of the family head. Initially, Nathan, using the excuse of Lewis not being married, didn't let Oliver give up the room... 
Later, after Lewis got married, they occupied the master bedroom under the pretext that Lewis's wife was abroad and hadn't returned home. 
Now, they simply didn't mention the matter at all. 
Lewis didn't care about such things. 
The main house had four floors in total, with over a dozen rooms on each floor, which were more than enough. 
The room's decor was a minimalist style in black, white, and gray. Besides the necessary furniture, there was only one bed. 
Keira immediately looked toward Lewis. "…Where are you going to sleep?" 
"…" Lewis glanced at the bed. 
Keira cleared her throat, "We're not close enough to the point where we can share a bed, right?" 
Thinking back to the kiss made her extremely embarrassed. 
Lewis cleared his throat and pointed at the sofa nearby, "I'll sleep on the sofa." 
Keira breathed a sigh of relief. 
The sofa was spacious; he wouldn't feel cramped sleeping on it. 
Keira had thought she wouldn't be able to sleep, but the soft bed was filled with Lewis's fresh, grassy scent, which lulled her into sleep. 
That was tough for Lewis on the sofa. 
The woman he loved was only a few steps away, yet he frustratingly couldn't touch her... 
Waking up the next day, Keira met his slightly resentful gaze. Seeing the redness in the whites of his eyes, she generously suggested, "Is the sofa uncomfortable? You can have the bed tonight!" 
"..." 
After washing up, the two went downstairs to visit old Mrs. Horton. 
Keira checked her phone and saw a message from Corey Mills. "Director Nora, we've cleared up the case of Logan Lee pilfering the medicine!" 
Upon reading this, Keira looked down and sneered. 
Leaving old Mrs. Horton's courtyard under the management of Selena was nothing but Lewis's compromise since he couldn't get his hands on the medicine. 
Although he spoke casually, he was always worried about old Mrs. Horton. 
Last night, he occasionally checked the surveillance... 
Since she was the one who developed the medicine, why should she let Selena earn a favor here? 
She smiled and replied to the message. "Bring the medicine and come to the Horton residence immediately." 
Corey Mills wrote, "Understood." 
... 
At this moment, Oliver and Selena were talking inside old Mrs. Horton's courtyard. 
Unable to hold back, Oliver asked, "How's it going? Has the old lady relented?" 
Selena revealed a bitter expression. "Didn't they say the old lady was getting muddled? I find her quite sharp. Every time we talk about the dowry, she pretends to be confused..." 
She sighed. "Dad, getting this spot really took a lot of effort; we can't end up with nothing!" 
Oliver sneered, "I knew Grandma would do this. After all these years, even if she's become senile, her heart has always been biased toward Lewis! But don't worry, I've arranged everything for you well in advance!" 
Selena smiled. "I knew you loved me the most, Dad." 
Oliver looked around and then said, "I see you've emptied the old lady of all her jewelry; those are useless. Her most important things are in the safe!" 
Selena hesitated, "But what's the password?" 
Oliver thought for a moment and then spoke, "Try Lewis's birthday." 
Selena's eyes lit up. 
She entered old Mrs. Horton's bedroom, made an excuse to send Fiona away, and then squatted in front of the safe, entering Lewis's birthday. 
Password incorrect. 
Selena frowned and entered the date in reverse order; she then heard a "click", and the correct password unlocked the safe! 
Selena's eyes lit up as she opened the safe. 
It was filled with all sorts of important documents. After flipping through them briefly, Selena realized their value. 
She immediately took out a bag and began to stuff the property deeds and ownership contracts inside, but just then... 
"Woof!" 
A dog barked, and a puppy pounced in front of her, biting at her hand! 
Selena cried out in surprise and instinctively flung the dog away. 
But the puppy, though not fully grown, was fiercely loyal and bit down hard, refusing to let go. 
"Let go!" 
Selena shouted, and several people immediately rushed in! 
Fiona saw the open safe, and her pupils shrank. She quickly went over to close it, while Oliver approached the puppy and kicked it away with force! 
"Bastard, how dare you bite people!" 
Bang! 
The puppy hit the ground and rolled several times. 
It was clearly in pain, but it still managed to roll on the ground and lunged at Selena again, baring its tiny teeth. 
It thought it was intimidating, but its little form looked more silly and adorable. However, because it was injured, it swayed a bit, struggling to stand. 
Fiona's heart broke for the puppy! 
This puppy was bought by old Mrs. Horton for Keira, but later, Keira didn't take it to the company, Fiona and old Mrs. Horton looked after it. 
The dog was loyal and protective of its master, and luckily for today, it stopped a theft from the safe just in time! 
She immediately went over, picked up the puppy, and then noticed someone had kicked it hard. She urgently said, "Quick, call a vet!" 
Selena looked at the bite marks on her hand; the puppy's teeth weren't fully grown, so no matter how hard it bit, it didn't break the skin. 
But it still hurt! 
Angry, her face turned steely as she said, "Why is this dog biting people erratically?" 
Fiona retorted. "Kitty is loyal to its owner. If you weren't stealing, why would it bite you?" 
"What are you saying? What do you mean by stealing? I was just helping my great-grandmother keep things safe, and besides, am I not the owner of this house?" 
She looked at Oliver with a wronged expression. "Dad, has the Horton family not accepted me yet?" 
Oliver immediately shouted angrily, "What nonsense are you talking about? You're the daughter of the Horton family. This bastard dog bit its owner without reason; someone come and throw this puppy out and beat it to death with sticks!" 
At these words, Fiona's pupils shrank. "No way." 
"You, a mere servant, dare to be so insolent to your master! Do you think you have a say here?" 
Seeing the bodyguards outside hesitant to act, Oliver stepped forward, snatched the puppy, and made a bee-line for the door! 
Fiona chased after him. "Oliver, that dog belongs to Mr. and Mrs. Horton; you can't do this!" 
"No matter whose dog it is, if it dares to bite its owner, it's not a good dog! I'll punish it to see if it'll dare to bite people again!" 
Oliver once again threw the puppy onto the ground. 
The puppy was harshly thrown down. Feeling too painful to stand, it lay on the ground at the mercy of others. 
Then Oliver picked up a stick from nearby and mercilessly smashed it down on the small puppy!
###Chapter 224: Remember Everything
Chapter 224: Remember Everything
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Fiona rushed over upon seeing this and pushed Oliver away, using her body to protect the little puppy. “Master, I beg you to spare it! It’s only three months old!”
Oliver scoffed coldly, “Fiona, I respect you for taking care of Grandma, but don’t get ahead of yourself! You’re just a servant in this house. Move aside or I’ll beat you as well!”
The little puppy seemed to sense Fiona was in danger, so it ran out of her protection. It was barely able to stand on its tiny legs, one of which was lame. It wobbled there, barking at Oliver again.
“It really is a beast!”
Oliver muttered under his breath, and with that, his stick savagely smashed down!
Of course, he wasn’t truly angry at a little puppy, but the dog belonged to Keira.
Thinking about how she had hit him the day before, and his face was still stinging now, even the house servants and bodyguards were snickering at him…
A trace of hatred appeared in Oliver’s eyes, and he put more force into his grip; if this blow landed on the little puppy, it would surely be killed… and that would infuriate that little slut Keira to death!
Just at this moment, a furious shout came from the doorway. “Stop!!”
Lewis, who had gotten up early to check the surveillance and immediately hurried over when he sensed danger to the puppy, now had a dark expression on his face.
He rushed to Oliver, reaching to snatch the stick from his hand!
Oliver’s eyes were ruthless.
He often bullied Lewis when they were children. Later, as Lewis grew taller than him, the two never came to blows.
Now he took a step back, winding up the stick, ready to hit Lewis or to seize the opportunity to kill that little beast and disgust them…
But to his surprise, the stick was now firmly in Lewis’s grasp, rendering him completely immobile!
A hint of disbelief shone in Oliver’s eyes.
He had always thought of Lewis as a younger brother, someone he could always dominate and bully…
But unexpectedly, Lewis had grown into a mountain, while he himself was increasingly frail…
Panic set in Oliver’s heart, and the stick in his hand was already taken away by Lewis.
Keira, who had followed behind Lewis, was the first to rush toward Fiona and the little puppy.
Fiona was unharmed.
But the little puppy, upon seeing Keira, whimpered and then collapsed on the ground. Keira immediately picked it up and carefully checked over it, finding multiple fractures on its body!
Although it wasn’t fatal, the injury could take a long time to heal!
Her eyes reddening with distress, she called out, “Kitty!”
Hearing her voice, the puppy, not understanding why she was sad but wanting to comfort her, tenderly licked the back of her hand with its tongue, before dropping down again.
Keira’s anger surged!
The puppy was the dog she had been raising for a month, and she had grown emotionally attached!
At the hospital, it had accompanied her on walks every day.
When the weather was nice, the little puppy always nestled at her feet to sleep.
Whenever she felt sad or upset, it would always lick the back of her hand to comfort her…
Keira suddenly looked up, clenching her fists tightly, and furiously yelled at Oliver, “How could you hit a little puppy so hard!!”
Oliver sneered. “It’s just a beast that bites its owner. I hit it, and what of it? As a sister-in-law, are you going to hit me, your elder brother? The family from the old residence is coming to visit soon. If you dare show me disrespect, they can immediately call a meeting in the ancestral hall and expel you, the poisonous woman, on the spot!”
Keira was infuriated by his words.
Lewis snatched the stick away, originally planning to throw it down, but at those words, his pupils narrowed. He flipped his wrist, swung the stick, and fiercely struck Oliver!
“Bang!”
Oliver took a solid hit to the back, so shocked that he staggered, and he felt as if his ribs were about to break!!
He staggered a couple of steps, angrily looking at Lewis. “You…”
“Lewis! You bastard, what are you doing? How dare you lay your hands on your older brother?!”
At the doorway, the furious roar of Nathan suddenly erupted.
Keira, cradling the little puppy, looked over to see Nathan standing there with an eighty-year-old man, followed by a throng of people, likely the ones Nathan had mentioned from the old Horton family estate.
These people were indeed from the old estate.
They had heard that old Mrs. Horton was gravely ill and had rushed over from their hometown to visit her.
In a huge family like the Horton Group, with a thriving population, aside from the main Horton family branch, the eighty-year-old man was Nathan’s second uncle.
The group behind him were the descendants of the second branch of the family.
After old Mrs. Horton established the Horton Group, she built a house back in her hometown for the second branch to watch over the ancestral hall…
The second branch also owned shares in the Horton Group, and this second uncle was in charge of the Horton family’s ritual affairs; even Nathan had to respect him as an elder.
As a child, Lewis was bullied by Oliver, nearly to the point of death.
Old Mrs. Horton then sent Lewis to be raised in the second branch to escape the persecution from Oliver and Nathan.
Therefore, Lewis had great respect for this second grandfather.
Old Mr. Horton asked, “Lewis, what’s going on here?”
Before Lewis could speak, Oliver broke into tears, “Second grandpa, you’ve come at the right time! Just look at Lewis’s shameless behavior, without respect for his father or brother! His dog bit Selena, and I was only trying to make sure it didn’t bite its owner again, but he attacked me for no reason…”
Before Lewis could speak, Keira sneered. “The little puppy wouldn’t bite someone for no reason, so someone must have provoked it. And you, you almost beat it to death. Is this what you call teaching a lesson?”
Oliver was taken aback, then wiped his tears again. “Second grandpa, see? He doesn’t respect his elder brother, and his wife has no manners either. In their eyes, I, as the elder brother, am probably worse than a dog!”
Keira scoffed. “Don’t compare yourself to my dog; you’d only insult it!”
Oliver was infuriated, “You!”
Nathan simply said, “Second uncle, we always say he is arrogant and overbearing, you never believed us. Now that you’ve seen it with your own eyes, can you believe it?!”
The elder from the second branch understood the situation, and he said fairly, “It’s not right to say that. I’m old but I understand. Nowadays, some people treat their dogs like children, and their affection for their pets runs deep. Likewise, back in my hometown, we’ve raised a dog as a guard dog since it was a puppy. I’m very attached to it. If someone were to hit it with a stick, surely I would be up in arms… Oliver, you shouldn’t have hit Lewis’s dog!”
Oliver was speechless and wanted to argue, but Selena interjected, “Enough, Dad, it’s just a dog after all.”
She signaled Oliver with her eyes.
Oliver realized that today’s goal wasn’t about the incident.
He snorted coldly, rubbing his back, feeling like his bones were surely fractured, but now wasn’t the time to go to the hospital. With the elder relatives here, he had to accomplish today’s purpose.
Enduring the pain, he said, “Forget it, second grandpa, please come inside.”
The second branch’s elder smiled kindly and proceeded indoors, gesturing to Lewis and Keira, “Lewis, aren’t you going to introduce your wife to me…”
With an elder’s arrival, and especially one who was rather favorable toward Lewis, Keira, of course, couldn’t just leave right away.
She carefully handed the little puppy over to Fiona, instructing her to immediately take the dog for treatment before following the others into the room.
Lewis introduced her to the second grandfather, then said to her, “Keira, go see if Grandma is awake. If she is, then we can go see her.”
The second grandfather and old Mrs. Horton were of the same generation. Although both were advanced in age, if his sister-in-law was sleeping, it wouldn’t be proper to disturb her.
Keira just nodded.
Selena wanted to but knew it was not the time and could only give a slight shake of the head to Logan Lee, the researcher, indicating he need not intervene.
Keira smoothly entered old Mrs. Horton’s room.
Perhaps having heard the sound of the door, old Mrs. Horton slowly opened her eyes.
Upon seeing Keira, the confusion in her eyes gradually cleared, and before Keira could speak, she exclaimed excitedly, “My granddaughter-in-law, I remember now!”
Keira was taken aback, “Remember what?”
“I remember how you and that brat got your marriage license!!”
###Chapter 225: Speak Up
Chapter 225: Speak Up
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Had she remembered everything?
Keira was a bit surprised.
She hadn’t expected the Alzheimer’s medication to work this fast!
It had only been two days!
However, she also understood that the medication was designed to stimulate nerve regeneration and regulate bodily functions.
Old Mrs. Horton would gradually regain her memory. The reason she remembered why she got married so quickly was simply because she had just managed to recall that period of time.
She asked, “How did we get our marriage certificate?”
Old Mrs. Horton was about to speak when Selena’s excited voice came in from outside. “Great-grandma is awake!”
Old Mrs. Horton paused mid-sentence, looked outside, and asked, “Who’s out there?”
Keira explained, “It seems that relatives from the second branch of the family have come to see you.”
Old Mrs. Horton immediately said, “Oh, it’s my second brother and his family!”
She patted Keira’s hand. “The matter of your marriage is a long story; let’s talk about it after they leave.”
“Okay.”
No sooner had they spoken than the patriarch of the second branch and Nathan walked in.
“Sister-in-law!”
The patriarch of the second branch called out.
Old Mrs. Horton responded with a smile. “Why have you put yourself through the trouble of coming here? I’m perfectly fine now!”
The patriarch of the second branch also looked at her.
Old Mrs. Horton was a sister-in-law whom even Mr. Horton respected, and he had deep feelings for her.
When his elder brother passed away unexpectedly, he was only fifteen.
Their parents had died young, and he thought his sister-in-law would take her young children and remarry, leaving him to drop out of school and work to support himself.
Instead, without a word of complaint, she took on the entire household and told him, “You focus on your studies; I’ll figure out a way to cover your tuition fees.”
Afterward, she carried Nathan on her back and opened a roadside stall.
They faced many hardships.
At that time, the world was very tumultuous. Once, he saw some little punks come to collect protection money, and without hesitation, she grabbed a kitchen knife and brandished it at them, yelling, “No money, but if you want a life, I’ve got one to spare!”
Those little punks left a message that they would come back.
Late one night, those people jumped into their yard and threw stones at the windows. A knife was always under her pillow.
He was young and timid and once suggested to her, “Just give them the money!”
But she said, “No way. That money is for your education. If we give it to them, how will you pay your tuition?”
That was only the smallest of their troubles.
Later, she opened a store, and the business grew larger and larger. After he graduated, he joined the company, and together they witnessed the establishment of Horton Group.
Once, a subordinate suggested to him that a woman couldn’t possibly be a chairperson and urged him to fight for power and profit. He dismissed that subordinate on the spot!
Other women might not be able to do it, but his sister-in-law most certainly could!
Unfortunately, she and Nathan had a falling out later on, and her presence affected Nathan’s authority within the company.
She decisively stepped down, handing over complete control of the company to Nathan.
Mr. Horton, without a second thought, supported Nathan. Eventually, to ensure Nathan had sole control, he resigned and returned to his hometown.
When she found out, she immediately had a mansion with high walls built for him there.
Recalling the past made Mr. Horton’s eyes red, and his hands trembled as he took hold of old Mrs. Horton’s hand, “Sister-in-law, you must take care of yourself. I still want to be able to call you Sister-in-law when I’m ninety!”
Old Mrs. Horton’s eyes were also filled with tears.
She was good to her brother-in-law, and he had nothing but good to say about her.
Her brother-in-law was one of the few college students of that era, and if he had stayed in Clance and entered into a government institution, he would surely have reached an untouchable height by now.
But he decisively gave up the steady job that everyone dreamed of at that time, and came back to help her hold up the company.
It was only right for her to give him shares!
Later, when she handed Lewis over to her brother, he indeed lived up to expectations and didn’t let Lewis get hurt again.
Old Mrs. Horton laughed and said, “That won’t do, in another ten years, I’ll be 96. Wouldn’t that turn me into an old monster?”
Mr. Horton said, “Living to a ripe old age, you can still have a long life, and you still need to bear a son for Lewis!”
Old Mrs. Horton laughed.
After the two exchanged a few words, Mr. Horton said, “They just know how to scare me, saying that you’re almost not making it, so I have come and see. But look at you, you are doing well!”
Upon hearing this, Nathan said, “Uncle, speaking of this, it’s all thanks to Selena’s efforts.”
He gestured for Selena to stand closer, then recounted the whole incident. He concluded with emotion. “This child is about to marry into the Cobb family. Normally, she would have kept a distance, but she went to such lengths to ask the Cobb family for help; she won’t be able to hold her head high there in the future.”
Selena immediately said, “Grandpa, don’t say that, she’s my great-grandma, and doing these things for her is only right.”
Mr. Horton immediately praised Selena. “Good girl, I’m so glad! Rest assured, when you get married, I’ll make sure your dowry is substantial, and I won’t let you lose face in the Cobb family! Our Horton family may not compare to the Cobb family, but we’re not far behind!”
Selena acted bashfully.
Upon hearing these words, Oliver immediately said, “Uncle, since you are here, there’s something I would like to ask as a favor for Selena.”
Mr. Horton said at once, “What is it?”
Oliver said, “You know, Selena is my illegitimate daughter, and she has been showing us respect all these years. I would like you to add her name to the family registry!”
For such a large family, being recorded in the family registry meant acquiring the right to inheritance!
Mr. Horton hesitated for a moment, then promptly nodded. “Considering in mind the affection this child has shown for her great-grandma, this is the right thing to do! When I get back, I’ll include her name!”
Then, he looked at Selena. “As a child of the Horton family, you must remember to never break the law or step out of line, and be a good person, understood?”
Selena smiled, “Of course, don’t worry.”
Oliver then nudged Nathan in the back.
Nathan got the hint and said, “Once included in the family registry, she’s a legitimate granddaughter of the Horton family, and she’s marrying into the Cobb Family in Clance. Uncle, I think it’s appropriate to give her some shares as her dowry.”
Mr. Horton nodded. “That’s only proper.”
Nathan immediately rejoiced but before he could speak, he heard Mr. Horton ask, “How much are you planning to give her?”
Nathan was perplexed.
His mouth twitched as he coughed and clarified, “It’s not me…”
Mr. Horton then curiously looked at Oliver, “Then…”
Oliver gave an awkward smile, “I only have ten percent of the shares under my name, and although I want to give them to my daughter, I do have a son, after all…”
Mr. Horton was at a loss. “So you want me to give the shares?”
As soon as he said this, the juniors from the second branch who had come with Mr. Horton immediately looked discontentedly at Nathan and Oliver.
The first and second branches of the family had separated long ago.
Moreover, Mr. Horton only owned fifteen percent of the Horton Group’s shares —how could he give more to the Horton family? That was impossible!
Nathan himself was still counting on the support of his cousins in the family, so he immediately waved his hands. “How could that be! Your shares will go to the second branch of the family in the future.”
Finally, Mr. Horton understood and turned his gaze to old Mrs. Horton.
Nathan said, “Mom had promised before that when the younger members of the family get married, they’ll receive shares… When Jake got married, his wife wasn’t good to Mom, so she didn’t give any. Now that Selena is marrying into the Cobb family, it’s a big even. Mom, how much do you plan to give Selena?”
The way he put it was so reasonable, and no one could refute it!
###Chapter 226: Petty Family
Chapter 226: Petty Family
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Nathan immediately waved his hand. “How is that possible? Your shares are supposed to go to the second branch of the family in the future.”
Now, Mr. Horton finally understood and looked toward old Mrs. Horton.
Nathan decided to speak frankly. “My mom had promised before that when the younger generation in the family gets married, they would all receive shares…
When Jake got married, his wife wasn’t good to my mom, so she didn’t give any shares. Now Selena is going to marry into the Cobb family, which is a big deal for our family. Mom, how much are you planning to give Selena?’
The question was raised in a way that made it hard for anyone to refute!
Old Mrs. Horton tensed her jaw and furrowed her brow.
After Lewis had cheated Nathan out of two percent of his shares last time, the shares he controlled amounted to fifty-three percent.
If she gave away more than three percent of the shares, it was likely that Lewis would face an uncontrollable situation in the company.
As old Mrs. Horton agonized over what to do, Lewis said, “Two percent, I
think.”
It was as if he was giving back the two percent that Nathan had given him before!
However, as soon as he said this, Nathan sneered. “Lewis, in your heart, is your grandmother’s life only worth two percent?”
Lewis frowned.
Keira seized the moment to interject. “We are talking about the dowry Selena will take with her when she gets married. What does that have to do with Grandma’s life? Is Selena helping Grandma find medicine just for shares? Can Grandma’s life be measured in shares?”
Nathan was at a loss for words.
Oliver glanced at her sharply, having previously thought that Lewis’s wife was someone who was more physical and didn’t talk much.
He didn’t expect her to be so sharp-tongued!
And to think the reserved Lewis ended up marrying such a bride.
Enraged, he gave an annoyed look at Jake, who everyone seemed to have forgotten about, and thought about how he had failed to be more discerning at the time of his marriage. If he had managed to marry Keira, she would have been a great asset to the first branch of the family by now!
After Nathan and Oliver were left speechless, Selena sighed. “Of course, that’s not what I meant. I heard that our great-grandmother’s illness had worsened, so I pleaded with the Cobb family. It’s just that…”
She sighed softly, appearing troubled as she spoke, “I’m not really after the family shares, but in order to obtain this medicine, the Cobb family went to great lengths, and Mr. Lee took a huge risk. In the end, the Cobb family was promised three percent of the shares…”
Her face was filled with bitterness and helplessness, “After all, I’m not married to them yet. It’s fine for the Cobb family to put in effort, but they shouldn’t have to spend money… So I took it upon myself to say that we, the Horton family, would cover these shares…”
She looked anxiously at Oliver. “Dad, I know that the Horton family’s shares are not mine to promise, but I was afraid that if we missed this opportunity, there might be no medicine left, so…”
She lowered her head and let out a sigh.
Oliver immediately understood her meaning and said, “You did the right thing. Since a promise has been made, we must give these shares. If this three percent can’t come from the family, I’ll provide it personally! It’s the least I can do for my grandmother!”
Nathan exclaimed angrily, “Nonsense! You already have so few shares! If you give away three percent, how will you stand in the company in the future?” He turned to old Mrs. Horton. “Mom, this share should come from your side. I think no one should have any ions.
Old Mrs. Horton sneered.
The first branch was putting on an act; did they really think she couldn’t see through it?
It’s understandable to pay for medicine, but who would give away shares for it?
It was merely an excuse for the first branch to ask for the shares!
Mr. Horton frowned and said, “Selena, who would use shares to buy medicine?
If you say this, not many will believe it, right?”
Selena immediately looked at Logan Lee, “Mr. Lee is right here, everyone can ask him.”
Logan cleared his throat. “Mr. Horton, this was indeed my request. You might not know that in Clance, there are just too many people who want to secure a spot from this institute. Among them, there are nobles and tycoons; our director couldn’t afford to offend any of them, so scared that he shrank back and left the selection of the spots to Nora personally!”
At this point, he smiled bitterly. “Nora is very mysterious, as I’m sure everyone here knows.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
They had all sought medicine for the old Mrs. Horton before, so of course, they understood how difficult it was to see this Nora! It was said that only Corey Mills had met her in person and knew her identity.
But Corey was tight-lipped. No matter who inquired, he would not tell.
Nora was impartial and just, choosing the spots strictly based on the cases, with no room for personal feelings.
Logan continued, “So this spot was actually secured by Dean Mills. I pleaded with him to speak to Nora… In the end, Nora only said about wanting three percent of the shares, hence the terms might seem a bit harsh.”
Upon hearing this, Mr. Horton immediately believed it.
Money could make anything happen.
As for not securing a spot, it was simply because the money offered wasn’t enough!
Three percent of Horton Group’s shares were worth several hundred million in market value; even those elites from Clance might not be willing to buy it.
To offer such an astronomically high price, probably only the Horton family in Crera would buy it!
This won’t affect the subsequent selection for spots either.
Lewis then frowned, feeling that Nora wasn’t that sort of person because he himself had privately offered an even higher price, and she hadn’t relented.
Keira then sneered!
This Logan Lee was actually using her as an excuse, not taking her seriously at all!
She sneered and said, “Nora never set such terms, and you’re talking nonsense!”
Logan looked at her and said helplessly, “Mrs. Horton, this condition was private. Apart from those few families, it’s not something that just anyone can hear.”
Selena immediately said, “Aunt Keira, there are all sorts of unwritten rules in high society. I was also taken aback when I heard these terms!
Nathan sneered. “Coming from a petty family, what right do you have to hear these things? If you don’t understand anything, don’t just jump into the conversation!”
Lewis immediately ed. “My grandfather’s generation was also from a minor household, are you showing disrespect to Grandpa as well?”
Nathan was speechless
Lewis sneered. “If you count back three generations, we were all peasants, so don’t look down on others here!”
Oliver scoffed. “Lewis, you can’t say things like that. Everyone looks at the present. Why didn’t her ancestors work harder? How come she wasn’t born into a good family? If she were born into one of Clance’s five major families, she would have had the right to hear such talk!”
He looked at Keira. “If you don’t belong to that level, then don’t embarrass yourself here!”
Logan also smiled.
Keira then took out her phone. “What a coincidence. I just happen to know Corey… Dean Mills. Let me make a phone call and ask!”
She dialed Corey’s number..
###Chapter 227: Slap in the Face
Chapter 227: Slap in the Face
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Logan’s face changed drastically at the sight!
He immediately stepped forward, trying to snatch Keira’s mobile phone.
Lewis stepped forward, grabbed his hand, and said sharply, “What do you think you’re doing?”
That’s when the phone rang.
Keira turned on the speaker and before the other party could speak, she said, “Dean Mills, Mr. Logan Lee said that you’d asked for three percent of the shares for the medicine. Is that true?”
Corey immediately said, “Definitely not! Does our biotech company lack that little stock? That’s just ridiculous! Who is spreading such rumors out there?!”
Keira then looked at Logan.
Logan’s face was ashen, and his anxious expression underwent a great change.
Others might not have recognized Corey’s voice, but he did!
Keira said indifferently. “Alright, thanks for clarifying that for me.”
She hung up, and with a mocking smile, looked at Logan, “Do you have anything else to say?”
Selena said, “Aunt Keira, was that Corey just now? He sounded quite polite talking to you, but isn’t Dean Mills known for his bad temper?”
Oliver scoffed. “That definitely wasn’t the real Dean Mills, it was such a joke.
Who knows who she got to play along and pretend to be Corey over the phone?”
“Is that so?”
Keira looked at Logan indifferently. “Others may not recognize Dean Mills’s
voice, but you should, right?”
Logan was still stubborn. “The voice did sound a bit like him, but there are many scams nowadays, I’ve heard that they can fake not only appearances but
also voices…”
“Should I make another call to Dean Mills? Ask him to prove his identity?!”
Keira took out her phone again.
Logan was terrified and immediately waved his hand. “That won’t be necessary. Dean Mills’s voice is very distinctive, that was indeed Dean Mills just now!”
Everyone looked at him.
After thinking for a moment, Logan said, “Alright, I admit that the three percent of the shares wasn’t for Nora.”
He and Selena locked eyes before he bluntly said, “It was for me!
At this statement, everyone was startled.
Oliver asked, “What?”
Selena said, “Logan, what are you talking about? Is there some misunderstanding here?”
Logan said, “There’s no misunderstanding; it was me who wanted it! Because.,.1 stole the drug!”
As soon as these words were said, everyone was shocked.
But Logan looked at Keira and said, “You’re not a scientific researcher and don’t know anything about our industry. Being able to work under Nora at the Clance Research Institute is everyone’s dream. I made a lot of effort to get into this institute. However, I couldn’t bear to refuse the requests of my cousin and Miss Selena, especially since it involved old Mrs. Horton’s life!
Logan turned his gaze to Selena. “But I stole the drug, and afterward, I would need a lot of money to cover up the mistake, and it might even be impossible to cover up, as I could be caught and get dismissed! My reputation in the industry would be ruined!
■Tve spent my whole life in scientific research, and I would never be content if I couldn’t continue. Those three percent of shares are for me to ensure I can support myself in the future!”
Selena immediately understood what he meant.
Those three percent of the shares had been requested by her, and getting Logan to ask was just a way to pressure the Horton family.
Selena quickly said, “Logan, you’ve really sacrificed your future for old Mrs. Horton! I…I really don’t know what I should say to express my gratitude…”
Logan waved his hand. “Don’t mention it.”
Then he looked at Lewis, “Three percent of the shares in exchange for old Mrs. Horton’s life, will you buy it or not? If not, I won’t bring any more of the drug, and I’ll find a way to make up for the three missing doses! Consider them a gift for old Mrs. Horton!”
Selena feigned urgency but outlined the consequences. “But Logan, didn’t you say that if we started the drug we had to complete the full course? If it’s interrupted, the patient’s condition could worsen much faster!”
Logan said, “Exactly. Old Mrs. Horton originally had only a month or two left, but if the drug is stopped now, she may only have a week or two…”
At this, Nathan’s face changed color.
He looked at Old Mrs. Horton.
Mr. Horton felt his eyes immediately well up with tears. Upon hearing the bad news about old Mrs. Horton, he had known there wouldn’t be much time left, but he hadn’t expected it to be so short…
He said, “Buy this medicine. We must buy it! If you all won’t sell shares, I will!”
The people behind Mr. Horton cried out, “Dad!”
They were obviously unwilling to do that.
Oliver had no affection for this grandmother of his. Seeing that things had come to this point, he simply turned to Lewis. “Lewis, since Selena found Mr. Logan Lee, the first branch of the family has fulfilled our duty to Grandma. I really can’t come up with three percent of the shares. It’s up to you now if you want to save Grandma or not!”
All eyes immediately turned toward Lewis in unison.
It was Logan who had made a lion’s demand here, yet everyone’s gaze seemed to be condemning him instead…
Keira found it ironic.
just as she was about to speak, old Mrs. Horton said, “I don’t need this medicine!”
This statement made everyone turn their attention to her!
Old Mrs. Horton said, ‘Tve lived to this age; what’s there to cling to? Using three percent of the shares to buy two more years of life isn’t worth it! For this broken body of mine, living is just suffering!”
“No!” Mr. Horton was the first to , “Sister, even if it’s just for two years, you need to stay with us!”
“Yes, Mom, you must live well!” Nathan also chimed in, then angrily turned to look at Lewis. “Lewis, Grandma has been so good to you, and you can’t even part with three percent of the shares? Do you really want to watch her die?!
Lewis looked at the group of people before him, his gaze grew heavy.
If he gave up three percent of the shares, his position as Horton Group’s chairman would be at risk, and the first branch of the family would surely take the opportunity to cause trouble.
But he didn’t care at all.
If it weren’t for his grandma, he wouldn’t want Horton Group even if it was handed to him for free!
Was it just three percent of the shares?
He said, “I…”
“No,”
Keira interrupted him, assertively stepping in front of him. “Want shares? No way! We are not giving them!”
Nathan flew into a rage. “What did you say? You ungrateful wretch!”
This time, even Mr. Horton was angry. “Lewis’s wife, you, you really disappoint me! If you won’t give, I will!”
A look of pleasure crossed Oliver’s face upon hearing this.
The reason Lewis held fifty-three percent of the shares was that Mr. Horton, out of respect for old Mrs. Horton, had entrusted his shares to Lewis to manage!
Regardless of who gave the shares, their stake would be even…
But upon hearing this, Keira said, “You don’t need to give…
Mr. Horton was visibly angry, glaring at her, “You’ve all grown up and don’t need Grandma anymore, but I still need my sister-in-law! What, I can’t even make decisions about my own shares now?!”
Then, he turned to Lewi., “Lewis, is what your wife said also your opinion?” Of course not.
Keira hadn’t told Lewis before making this decision.
But Lewis looked at Keira, and seeing her calm demeanor, without knowing what she was planning, simply nodded. “Yes.”
“You…” Mr. Horton stood up, trembling with anger. “Lewis, you have depended on your grandma since you were young, and just for a little bit of money, you’re going to give her up? You’ve truly disappointed me!”
Nathan added fuel to the fire. “Uncle, I’ve told you before, he is worse than a beast!”
Just as Oliver was about to say something, the butler rushed in from outside, exclaiming, “Bad news!”
Everyone turned to look at him, “What happened?
The butler said, “Someone outside claiming to be Corey Mills has arrived, saying, saying he’s the Dean of the Clance Research Institute!”
###Chapter 228 Deliver Medicine
Chapter 228 Deliver Medicine
Dean Mills? 
Everyone was slightly startled. 
However, Lewis seemed to suddenly realize something and looked directly at Keira. 
Indeed, he saw no sign of surprise on her face, and he frowned slightly as if he understood something. 
He spoke directly to the butler. "If he's here, then he's here. What's the problem?" 
The butler wiped his sweat and then said, "No, it's that he claims someone has been stealing from his research institute, he's brought the police to arrest that person!" 
"..." 
Upon hearing this, everyone's expression changed dramatically. 
Logan swallowed hard and then looked at Keira. "It was you! You know Corey Mills, so you're the one who reported me, aren't you?!" 
Lewis said in a deep voice, full of anger, "Don't accuse someone without evidence." 
But Logan became furious. "The drug is under my management, and it's always locked in the safe. No one but Dean Mills and I can open it. Since Dean Mills is currently in Oceanion, how could he know unless she told him?!" 
After that, Logan looked at Keira. "Even if I did steal the drug, it was for old Mrs. Horton. Don't you all just want to avoid giving shares? Let's part on good terms then. Why report me?!" 
Selena frowned. 
She said, "What else could it be for? She's afraid that my second great-granduncle will give out shares! This way, no one has to give out any. How convenient!" 
She sighed silently and looked at Lewis and Keira. "Uncle, Aunt, the research institute has strict control over the drugs. By doing this, you are cutting off Great-grandma's lifeline!" 
Nathan cursed in anger. "Lewis, you bastard, bastard!! Even if Logan broke the law, it was for your grandmother! An outsider has gone to such lengths for your grandmother, what about you?! Did a dog eat your conscience?" 
Oliver then said ominously, "Dad, I think maybe Lewis wasn't in the know about this; maybe it was all orchestrated by his wife?" 
At these words, Nathan grew even more furious. "Lewis, do you know about this or not?! If you don't know, and it's all your wife's doing, then divorce her right here, right now! We, the Horton family, do not want a disobedient daughter-in-law like her!" 
Keira said nothing but looked at Lewis. 
She didn't want to deal with the others, but some things had to be explained to Lewis. 
She was just about to speak when she saw Lewis step in front of her and say, "It was our joint decision!" 
Keira was stunned. 
She had never expected Lewis to trust her so much... 
That took her by surprise, yet her lips slowly curved into a smile. 
Mr. Horton, upon hearing Lewis's words, raised his cane and aimed to strike him! 
"Ungrateful creature! Lewis, you ungrateful son! I, I'll beat you to death!" 
Lewis didn't dodge the blow from his granduncle, as the old man was elderly, and if he dodged, the old man might strain his back, and it would be disastrous. 
The cane was about to hit him when Keira stepped forward and grabbed it! 
Mr. Horton glared at her, his aged face wrinkled with rage, shouting, "What are you doing?!" 
Keira sighed. "Granduncle, things aren't as you think. Let Dean Mills in, I promise there will be a turning point." 
But Mr. Horton shouted angrily, "What turning point could there be? The police are here and will take Mr. Lee away! What about the medication? Are we supposed to hide it away?" 
Logan sneered. "Even if you hid the drug, what about the rest? I didn't bring it at all!" 
Mr. Horton then slammed his hand on the table, "Lewis, Keira, how can you be so stupid?!" 
However, old Mrs. Horton said, "Brother-in-law, stop scolding them. Lewis and Keira aren't that kind of kids. They had to do it..." 
Nathan sneered. "Mom, at a time like this, despite having given him over twenty percent of the shares, he's unwilling to part with even three percent. How can you still speak for him?" 
Oliver spoke with a chilling tone, "Grandma, actually, if Lewis really isn't willing to part with those shares, I'm willing to help you out. It's just a pity that now the police are involved, we don't even have that chance..." 
While they were talking, the butler had already led Dean Mills and the police officers inside. 
As soon as he entered, Corey stared directly at Logan. "Look at you, Logan. I trusted you so much, thinking that as a distant relative of the Cobb family, you wouldn't be threatened by anyone. Yet, you ended up betraying my trust!" 
After hearing what Keira said yesterday, he thought it was a misunderstanding and hurried back to Clance overnight. 
But when he opened the safe where the drugs were stored, he found that a whole batch of fifty doses was missing! 
He was completely terrified then and there. 
He rushed back overnight just to give Nora an explanation! 
Upon hearing this, Logan immediately said, "Dean Mills, let me explain. I did it to save someone..." 
"There's nothing to explain. Officer, the evidence is solid; take him away," Corey commanded. 
In front of Nora, Corey didn't dare to hesitate. "The value of the stolen drugs is immeasurable. The police asked us to make an evaluation. The drugs haven't hit the market yet, so no price has been set..." 
That was actually for Keira to hear. 
Keira snorted. "Just now, Mr. Lee was asking for three percent of the shares... Let me see. How many billions of dollars is three percent of Horton Group's shares?" 
She turned her head to look at Lewis. 
Lewis played along, "It's about..." 
"No, no!" Logan panicked! 
Now his crime would be judged based on the price of the drugs. If it was really several billions, he might be sentenced to life in prison! 
He looked straight at Selena and shouted, "I didn't ask for three percent of the shares; she's the one who wanted them. I didn't take a penny; I just wanted to do something for the Cobb family! You can check my bank account if you don't believe me; there's been no large sum of money coming in recently!" 
That statement was true... 
Being a distant relative of the Cobb family, he could use this incident to strengthen his ties with them, the future value of which was incalculable! 
His words left Selena pale as a ghost. 
Seeing that all of Selena's schemes were exposed, Keira was finally satisfied. She scoffed. "Well, let's calculate it as a hundred times the market price after the drugs are released!" 
Clinical drugs that haven't been released were definitely more expensive than those that were on the market! 
Corey understood and reported a figure to the police, a number not too high; at most, it would get Logan two to three years in prison. 
But Logan's reputation in the industry was utterly ruined, and he would never again be able to be a researcher once he got out of prison. 
This was his greatest punishment! 
Logan was soon taken away by the police, leaving only the Horton family members. 
Old Mrs. Horton sneered. "So it wasn't Logan who was being utterly unreasonable, but Selena who wanted the money. What's this? Even as the first branch of the family is seeking medicine for me, do we need to be so clear-cut about money?" 
Selena turned as pale as paper! 
Oliver smirked bashfully and then said, "Grandma, are you still blaming us? No matter what, Selena found the medicine for you! If Lewis had just agreed to give up the shares earlier, we wouldn't have had any of this mess. Now, look what's happened, the drugs are gone!!" 
Nathan frowned. "Lewis, just for the sake of shares, would you disregard your grandma's life? You are truly cold-blooded and ruthless! You're heartless and disloyal! I don't have such a son!" 
Mr. Horton also slammed his cane on the ground, truly anxious and deeply worried. "Lewis, even if you knew this was a trap, even if you knew this was the first branch's conspiracy, was there a need to be so ruthless? What do we do now? The drugs are gone; how will you answer to your sister-in-law!!" 
Lewis didn't respond to these accusations but confidently looked toward Keira. 
Indeed, the next moment, she said calmly, "Who said the drugs are gone? Aren't they delivered now?"
###Chapter 229 She‘s Nora
Chapter 229 She‘s Nora
As soon as she said this, everyone turned to look at her. 
Mr. Horton immediately said, "What do you mean? Can the medicine from Clance be bought and sold now?" 
"Of course not." 
Oliver breathed a sigh of relief. "If it can't be bought, the third medication has already been taken away by the police as contraband, so where would more medicine come from?!" 
Keira then looked toward Corey. 
She hadn't actually figured out an excuse and didn't know what to say about the situation, so she had avoided bringing it up until now. 
But Corey was capable enough to handle the situation. 
Indeed, Corey immediately stepped forward with a smile, and without letting her down, he began. "Here's the thing. Miss Olsen had previously submitted old Mrs. Horton's medical case to our institute. To tell the truth, for an 86-year-old, taking more medication isn't very effective, and they could only expect to live another two years at most. Normally, we wouldn't allocate a slot to someone of that age. But..." 
Corey went on. "Miss Olsen has my number, see, and she would call me every day, speaking earnestly, with touching words. It's rare to encounter someone with such excellent qualities. Miss Olsen is so gentle and virtuous, and I'm sure she's a good wife and loving mother..." 
"..." 
Keira, seeing that he was going on and on and was even about to continue, suddenly coughed and shot him a wary glance. 
Corey instantly took the cue and promptly cut off the speech. "In short, I was moved by Miss Olsen, so I made a request to Nora. Nora found value in studying someone 86 years old, and so our institute decided to give old Mrs. Horton a slot!" 
This statement made everyone's eyes widen in surprise! 
Mr. Horton was especially incredulous as he looked toward Keira and immediately said awkwardly, "Keira, that's so... why didn't you say so earlier? I even misunderstood you. It turns out you went to such lengths..." 
Keira didn't say anything 
Well... 
Before Corey mentioned that was the reason, she herself didn't even know what story he would make up! 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately said, "Brother-in-law, I told you that you were too impulsive. Keira is the granddaughter-in-law I'm most satisfied with. She would never harm me!" 
Mr. Horton then sat down beside her. "Now I truly believe it. Sister-in-law, you found a good wife for Lewis!" 
The two of them started to laugh merrily. 
Meanwhile, Oliver and Nathan looked as if their faces were made of iron. 
Lewis glared at them, "Dad, elder brother, just now you didn't listen to any explanations and cursed at Keira here. Isn't it time you apologized to her?!" 
Nathan choked. 
Oliver sighed, "Lewis, had you guys explained things clearly from the start, it would have prevented everyone from misunderstanding. It's good that Keira got a slot, but why hide it? What was the point?" 
Nathan immediately snorted coldly, seeking an excuse. "Right, did you deliberately avoid giving a clear explanation? If you got the slot, just say it. Why all the secrecy? Is playing games with us amusing?!" 
Was this pushing the blame onto them? 
Keira felt speechless. 
But Lewis then looked at Selena. "If we hadn't done this, how would I have learned that your beloved granddaughter, my elder brother's illegitimate daughter, still harbors thoughts of wanting a share in the inheritance?" 
Keira nodded in agreement. "Selena, if you want a share, just say so. Why the secrecy? Is playing games with your father and grandfather fun?" 
Nathan was dumbfounded. 
Why did those words sound so familiar? 
Oliver also tensed his jaw. 
Selena felt utterly humiliated, but she quickly regained her composure, bowed her head, and burst into sobs. "I'm about to marry into the Cobb family, but my family hasn't prepared a dowry for me. I just feel so embarrassed... And now r. Lee has been implicated by me, I don't even know how to explain this to the Cobb family! Forget it. This marriage was me reaching above my station. I won't marry then!" 
Leaving these words behind, she put on an expression of shame and indignation, covered her face, and ran out crying. 
Nathan said anxiously, "How can she not marry? Oliver, go and comfort Selena. This is a great opportunity for a marriage alliance between the Horton family and the Cobb family. Tell her that the family's shares will definitely be ready for her!" 
Oliver cared deeply for his daughter and besides, since her return, she had suppressed Lewis and Keira. 
At least before today, she had even managed to take control of old Mrs. Horton's courtyard. 
So, he immediately chased after her. 
Lewis and Keira exchanged glances before leaving Mr. Horton and old Mrs. Horton to chat and followed Selena out. 
Once they stepped outside, they saw Selena, amidst sobs, packing up her things in the room as if grievously wronged, speaking to Oliver, "Dad, I just can't bring myself to stay here any longer. I'm moving out right now." 
After saying that, she grabbed two large suitcases and started to walk out. 
But she was blocked by Lewis and Keira. 
Selena looked at them with pitiable eyes. "Uncle Lewis, Aunt Keira, I was wrong. Isn't it enough that I'm leaving now? Do I have to kneel and apologize too?" 
Keira said, "That's not necessary." 
Selena bowed her head immediately and turned to leave from between them. 
But she was blocked by Keira once again. 
Selena was puzzled and heard Keira say, "You can go, but leave Grandma's things behind." 
Selena was shocked. 
A hint of spite flashed in her eyes. 
She had intentionally played the part of the wronged party to rush out, even hastily carrying baggage that had been packed early, all to take things she had pilfered from old Mrs. Horton's possession. 
But she hadn't expected they would find out. 
With a pitiable look, she turned to Keira. "Aunt Keira, I don't know what you're talking about. This suitcase is filled with my own belongings! I know you don't like me, but are you really going to search my luggage?" 
Keira replied with a smile, "Or should I report a theft to the police, saying grandmother's belongings have gone missing? I remember a bracelet. It's worth tens of millions, you know..." 
Selena clenched her fists, smiling. "Ah, sorry, I might have accidentally packed it in the suitcase." 
Then she opened the suitcase, not daring to fully reveal its contents, she stealthily took out the bracelet. 
At that moment, Fiona returned, having taken the little puppy to the vet. 
Keira immediately called out, "Fiona, you're familiar with grandmother's things. Come help Miss Selena so that she doesn't accidentally pack grandmother's things in her suitcase again!" 
Upon hearing this, Fiona's eyes lit up dramatically. Shaking off her earlier dejection, she strode over with a triumphant air. "Miss Selena, please open your suitcases..." 
Selena was dumbfounded. 
Keira, arms folded, watched from a distance. Her frustrations from the previous day were repaid today, which felt extremely satisfying! 
As she was pondering, Lewis suddenly turned his head and spoke in a low voice. "Got it all out of your system, Nora?" 
Keira was dumbfounded.
###Chapter 230: Truth Behind the Marriage
Chapter 230: Truth Behind the Marriage
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Keira suddenly turned her head, looking at Lewis in disbelief.
How did he know?!
Her astonished expression made Lewis’s eyes darken slightly as he lowered his
gaze. “It is indeed you.”
Keira was speechless.
She was actually tricked by this guy.
How unfair!
Keira sneered. “Since you know, I’ll be straight with you. One portion of the medicine is here, and that’s worth three percent of shares. Don’t forget to transfer them!”
“Okay.”
Lewis’s response was crisp and straightforward.
Keira was perplexed.
She looked at him in surprise. “Really? You’re not even going to bargain?”
Lewis took a deep breath and said, “Keira, thank you.”
Keira felt a bit uncomfortable. “For what?”
Lewis said indifferently, “Nora’s research project on Alzheimer’s disease had been stalled and only restarted this year. I think you must have done it for
Grandma, right?”
He took Keira’s hand. “Keira, you’re so good to me.
Keira cleared her throat. “Don’t be so cheesy.”
She withdrew her hand. “Grandma has been so kind to me, and I couldn’t just stand by and do nothing. Besides, I just wanted to find out the truth about our marriage certificate.”
Lewis paused slightly upon hearing this.
He had originally intended to investigate it properly.
But so much time had passed since then without any traces of the past events, and he had almost forgotten about it.
He asked, “Did Grandma remember?”
“Yeah, she remembered,” Keira raised an eyebrow. “Impressive medicine, huh?”
“Impressive.”
Lewis was amused by her demeanor, but then he suddenly worried about whether the truth might hurt their relationship.
He hesitated for a moment before asking, “Is it still important to you what exactly happened when we got married?”
Keira was startled, “Of course, it’s important.”
Getting a marriage certificate required the presence of both parties and since both of them had normal mentality, there was no question of someone
standing in for them.
What exactly happened back then? Could they have been schemed against…
Furthermore, considering Keira’s special identity, could it be that Nora’s identity had been discovered? Did someone want to use the Horton Family to plot against her?
Her thoughtful look made Lewis’s heart sink. “So… do you still want to divorce now?”
They still hadn’t discussed the most important issue. Even though Lewis had publicly acknowledged Keira’s identity, he had never made any grand vows of eternal love.
Lewis was a bit nervous.
Keira also paused slightly when she heard this.
Indeed, she hadn’t thought about divorce for a long time…
The matter of the company going public was constantly being pushed forward by Samuel. Once the company went public, her role as the chairperson meant she couldn’t easily divorce.
Keira coughed, then asked him back, “What about you?
Lewis didn’t know how to reply.
He could use Grandma to trap her for a month, but if there were no real feelings between them, he couldn’t trap her for a lifetime.
Especially with the layers upon layers of secrets she held…
The fact that she was Nora was incredibly shocking.
Lewis said, “Of course, I don’t want to.”
“What?”
Keira didn’t hear him clearly.
Lewis was about to repeat himself when Keira’s phone rang.
She picked it up and discovered that the handsome uncle she’d added yesterday had sent her a message. “Kid, the trick you told me to try yesterday doesn’t seem to work very well.”
Keira couldn’t help but laugh. “What’s wrong?”
The man wrote, “I sent the flowers, but she still ignored me. Should I send something else?”
After some thought, Keira then turned her head to Lewis and asked, “If you made me mad, how would you make it up to me?
Lewis was perplexed
After contemplating, he said, “Beg for forgiveness? If you don’t forgive me, I’ll just keep waiting outside your door.”
Keira didn’t know what to say.
That would definitely not be appropriate for an elder.
She really couldn’t rely on Lewis for an answer.
Keira continued to strategize for the man. “Why not try sending some jewelry?”
The man replied, “I’ll give it a try.”
After putting down her phone, Keira turned her attention back to Lewis. “What were you saying just now?”
Lewis was speechless.
He said indifferently, “Nothing important.”
Meanwhile, Fiona had finished checking Selena’s luggage, ultimately not
allowing her to take anything.
In the end, Selena left with Oliver, cursing under her breath.
After the two left the living room, Selena stopped in her tracks and turned to look back at old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard.
The grievance and indignation on her face had vanished, replaced with a composed and cool demeanor.
Oliver said, “Selena, the house in the main courtyard has been prepared for you. You can’t leave; you need to help me think of a way to snatch the position of head of the family!”
Selena nodded calmly.
She asked directly, “Dad, this Keira has quite a background.”
“Why do you say that?”
“The way Corey Mills was speaking to her was too polite. Something’s off.”
Oliver immediately said, “She used to be the Olsen family’s illegitimate daughter who was just found to have been switched at birth when she was little and has just been reclaimed… Wait. The Clance Olsen family is treating her really well. That Corey Mills might be someone that the Clance Olsen family found for her. Just yesterday, Uncle Olsen said he wanted to acknowledge her as his goddaughter…”
As Oliver spoke, he began to worry. “With your marriage alliance with the Cobb family, the first branch of the family would have the upper hand, but if she connects with the Olsen family, we’ll lose that edge!
Upon hearing this, Selena nodded. “I understand. Dad, don’t worry. I’ll figure out a way.”
Oliver breathed a sigh of relief.
His affection for this illegitimate daughter was certainly not born of a fondness for her mother.
After all, in a family like theirs, it was the sons who inherited the business.
It was simply because, from a young age, this daughter had proven herself to be very smart; following her advice, Oliver always reaped benefits.
The reason he had been able to suppress Lewis into staying abroad until this year was thanks to this daughter’s suggestions.
It was only because she had gone to Clance for school and wasn’t around that Lewis had managed to catch him off guard.
Now, the daughter had returned.
The real challenge was just beginning!
Mr. Horton and old Mrs. Horton seemed to have endless things to talk about, chatting for a full hour before they parted at the urging of the people from the second branch of the family.
Mr. Horton reluctantly retired to the guest room.
Finally, Keira and Lewis entered old Mrs. Horton’s bedroom.
After sending Fiona to the door to keep watch, Keira turned to old Mrs. Horton and asked, “Grandma, are you tired? Should we talk tomorrow instead?
Old Mrs. Horton knew what she was thinking and immediately grasped her hand. “I’m not tired, and if we don’t talk now, I’m afraid I’ll forget again by morning.”
Keira and Lewis sat by her bedside, listening as old Mrs. Horton slowly began to speak….
###Chapter 231: Truth
Chapter 231: Truth
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Keira hesitated before speaking. “Grandma, did you have someone help us get
our marriage certificate with Lewis?”
Old Mrs. Horton held Keira’s hand and laughed. “How could that be! Do you really think the rich can do anything? For such a matter, both parties must be present!”
Keira became even more puzzled upon hearing this, but she didn’t ask any further and just listened to old Mrs. Horton.
Over the past few years, old Mrs. Horton felt she had never been as lucid as she was today, and she said, “It was about two years ago, I don’t remember the exact date, but at that time Lewis was home for a week during his holiday from studying abroad.
“I remember waking up at noon that day, feeling a bit groggy. I wanted to find him, and somehow I ended up walking out the door, getting farther and farther from home, and eventually falling on the street. My leg was uncomfortable, and I hurt my arm too. I tried to stand up but had no strength at all and was struggling on the ground for a long time. I even asked several people for help, but alas! No one helped. I understand, though, that everyone’s afraid of being targeted by the elderly trying to deliberately provoke others. It was then, my dear granddaughter-in-law, that you appeared! Do you remember?”
Keira suddenly remembered that there had indeed been such an incident.
She usually had a good memory, and especially since several people had advised her not to help the old lady when she went to offer aid.
But Keira didn’t listen to them.
She simply asked someone to take out a phone and record a video as proof, and then she went forward and helped the old lady up.
After the old lady finally got up, Keira realized the old lady had injured her leg,
so she carried her to a nearby hospital to get treatment.
Then came the dramatic moment.
At the hospital, after the nurse had finished treating the old lady, she was about to say goodbye, but unexpectedly, the old lady grabbed hold of her, telling her not to leave.
At the time, Keira really thought she’d encountered someone trying to provoke trouble and frowned, but then the old lady looked at her with bright eyes.
“Good child, are you married?”
Keira shook her head.
The old lady smiled. “I have a good-for-nothing grandson at home. Would you like to make do with him?”
Keira was dumbfounded.
“Good child, this must be destiny! You’re meant to be my granddaughter-in-law. Shall I introduce my grandson to you? He’s quite handsome!”
Old Mrs. Horton took out her phone and showed her a photo.
Keira had a quick look at the photo at that time and couldn’t help but laugh.
“Ma’am, I don’t want to get married yet!”
Old Mrs. Horton looked sorry to hear that. “Is that so… Well, if you ever want to get married and don’t have a suitable partner, come find me! My grandson says he never plans to marry in this lifetime, which is really worrying.
After saying this, old Mrs. Horton handed her a business card.
Keira didn’t say anything. She had met many capable elderly people over the years, and she had learned a lot from them.
She was well aware that the older they get, the more peculiar their personalities become.
However, once she left the hospital, she immediately placed the business card on a nearby trash bin and left.
It was just an ordinary day in her life, so the memory gradually faded away. Today, when old Mrs. Horton suddenly mentioned it, she remembered that day and began to associate old Mrs. Horton with the lady in her memory. Keira was surprised. “So it turns out that the old lady back then was you!” “Right, that’s why I said, my granddaughter-in-law, we are fated!” Old Mrs. Horton chuckled and continued.
“Then, I thought you really didn’t want to get married and felt regretful for several days. But on the fourth day, you called me, saying you wanted to get married after all, so I tricked the brat over, and you two went to the courthouse to get your marriage certificate!”
Old Mrs. Horton said this, then gave her a reproachful glance. “After getting married that day, you took me and the brat home and said you’d go back to pack your luggage and move in, leaving the marriage certificate with me for safekeeping. But I never expected that you wouldn’t return… My granddaughter-in-law, why didn’t you come back? Did you have second thoughts?”
Keira’s eyes widened in astonishment as she listened.
She clearly remembered throwing away the business card, so how could she possibly turn back to find old Mrs. Horton?
She looked at old Mrs. Horton. “Are you sure that the person who went to see you later was really me?”
“It was you!”
Old Mrs. Horton nodded affirmatively, “The procedures for your marriage registration were all official; the photos were taken on the spot. Isn’t that you on the marriage certificate?”
Keira tightened her jaw.
She suddenly turned to Lewis, only to see him frowning slightly, yet seemingly not surprised.
Keira asked, “Mr. Horton, according to what old Mrs. Horton said, you personally obtained the certificate. How could you not remember it afterward?” Lewis just chuckled bitterly and helplessly stroked his forehead.
Before he could speak, old Mrs. Horton interjected. “Granddaughter-in-law, this brat has a problem: he can’t drink alcohol. Just one drink and he gets drunk, and when he’s drunk, he’s not like other people. He acts as if he hasn’t had a drink at all; nobody can tell, but he becomes exceptionally compliant. He’ll do whatever I tell him to do!”
Old Mrs. Horton bragged with pride. “So initially, I tricked him into having a sip of alcohol, took advantage of his dazed state, and made him go get the certificate with you!”
Keira was speechless.
From the time she met Lewis until now, she indeed had never seen him drink. She looked at Lewis again, only to see the man let out a slight sigh. “After Grandma showed the marriage certificate, I had my suspicions. My guess was right.”
Lewis looked toward old Mrs. Horton. “Grandma, you really made a fuss. Luckily it was Keira. If it had been someone else…”
The consequences would be unimaginable!
Keira’s cheeks turned slightly red. What did he mean by “luckily it was her”?
Old Mrs. Horton snorted. “I was dressed in rags at the time, and so many people didn’t help me up, only my granddaughter-in-law did. This shows that she has a good heart. Do you think I would pick just anyone to be your wife?” Old Mrs. Horton teased him. “Brat, are you satisfied or not?”
Lewis didn’t speak but looked toward the girl with a tender and affectionate gaze.
Yet Keira appeared solemn as if facing a great enemy.
He thought of Keira’s recent conversation with old Mrs. Horton and frowned slightly, his voice deep as he asked, “What’s wrong? Is there a problem?”
“Of course, there’s a problem.”
Keira’s expression was serious as she looked at him. “Because after I helped old Mrs. Horton, I never went to see her again! The person who registered the marriage with you wasn’t me at all!”
Lewis’s pupils constricted.
Old Mrs. Horton was also taken aback, then vehemently denied, “That’s impossible! Granddaughter-in-law, how could I mistake someone else for you?”
At this point, as if to prove something, she took out her phone. “That’s right. After you agreed to get married, while we were waiting for the brat to come over, you told me a lot about yourself. You said your mother is Mrs. Olsen, and even showed me a photo of you two together…
She pulled out the photoshopped picture again.
Previously, when old Mrs. Horton insisted that Mrs. Olsen was her mother, Keira thought someone was playing a prank, fooling old Mrs. Horton, but now she had recognized Mrs. Olsen as her birth mother…
This meant that the impostor, pretending to be her years ago, already knew she was Mrs. Olsen’s biological daughter!
At that moment, Keira felt a chill down her spine.
Everything that had happened was too fantastical, making her feel as if she were in a dream!
But old Mrs. Horton seemed to have realized something.. “I know what happened!”
###Chapter 232 Strong Sense of Responsibility
Chapter 232 Strong Sense of Responsibility
Keira and Lewis immediately turned to look at her. 
Keira asked, "Do you know something?" 
Lewis also said, "Grandma, what exactly is going on?" 
Old Mrs. Horton glanced at the two of them and then out the window, making a mysterious air about her. 
Then she lowered her voice and said, "Could my granddaughter-in-law have multiple personalities? But usually, the secondary personality doesn't come out because the primary personality suppresses it, so she forgets about this after the fact!" 
Keira became speechless. 
So did Lewis. 
Old Mrs. Horton just went on. "I've read many novels and watched TV shows, and many protagonists have this condition. There's even one story where the male lead has many personalities! That female lead marries one man, yet it's as if she married several, a real-life version of polyandry. How exhilarating!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Lewis twitched the corner of his mouth. "Grandma, you're almost drooling..." 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately wiped the corner of her mouth and then realizing something, glared at Lewis before turning to Keira. "My dear, do you have multiple personalities?" 
Keira rubbed her forehead. "I don't." 
She had her health checked every year, and considering how oppressive her life had been as a child and being brainwashed by Poppy Hill, Keira took her mental health very seriously. 
Old Mrs. Horton was puzzled. "Then what else could it be?" 
Keira shook her head, also confused. 
Lewis then said, "No matter what the situation is, Keira is now my wife. Let's not overthink it; we'll cross that bridge when we get to it!" 
Keira wanted to say more, but seeing old Mrs. Horton yawn and show signs of fatigue, she realized the old lady must be worn out, so she quickly changed the subject. "Right, the truth of it isn't really that important. Grandma, you should rest." 
Old Mrs. Horton nodded and looked at them. "In the end, I don't care. Now that you are legally married, you must live happily!" 
Keira nodded. 
As they were about to step out, Keira's hand was caught by old Mrs. Horton, who then looked at Lewis. "You can leave first. I have something private to say to my granddaughter-in-law..." 
Lewis was perplexed. 
He obediently left the room, and as he closed the door, he vaguely heard old Mrs. Horton asking, "Granddaughter-in-law, how's the brat in bed? If he's not up to par, you must tell me. You can't suffer in silence..." 
Lewis was shocked. 
In the room, Keira's face also turned slightly red, not expecting old Mrs. Horton to ask such a direct question. 
She rubbed her forehead and saw Lewis leave. She then forced a smile. "Grandma, he has left. Whatever it is, you can tell me now." 
Old Mrs. Horton's expression turned serious again as she sighed and held Keira's hand. "Actually, I wanted to talk to you about Madeleine Davis..." 
Upon hearing that name, Keira was slightly startled. 
Thinking of Lewis's previous unexplained disappearances or entire nights away, she had her suspicions. 
But she was always calm and restrained. She was waiting for Lewis to explain, so she hadn't said much about it. 
Old Mrs. Horton let out a sigh. "Lewis may seem cold, but he's actually very sentimental and has a strong sense of responsibility. It's his strength, but at the same time, it's his weakness." 
Old Mrs. Horton said, "Keira, I don't want to be biased toward my own grandson. When I had you marry him, I didn't know about Madeleine's existence. That brat suddenly came back saying he would never marry in his life, and in my haste, I had you two get the certificate." 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
Old Mrs. Horton continued earnestly. "I know my own grandson. He has a strong sense of responsibility. Since he's chosen to spend his life with you, he'll never let you down for the rest of your life! As for the situation with Madeleine... I don't know how he'll handle it, but I wanted to tell you in advance, so you're not in the dark and at a disadvantage." 
The words of the old Mrs. Horton came from her perspective and warmed Keira's heart. 
She nodded. 
... 
Keira and Lewis moved back to old Mrs. Horton's courtyard to live, and Selena wanted to move into the Horton family, but Lewis insisted on driving her away. 
Nathan and Oliver had some complaints about it, but Lewis showed a very strong stance. 
The only reason he had given in before was because Selena had a special medicine in her hands. 
Now that Keira had provided the medicine, Lewis no longer had any concerns in front of the three of them. 
Oliver said, "Selena has, after all, gotten engaged with the Cobb family. How can she get married from another place? She must marry from the Horton residence!" 
He was trying to pressure Lewis using the Cobb family. 
Lewis sneered. "If you can't bear to have his daughter marry from outside, I do have a good solution." 
Oliver asked eagerly, "What is it?" 
Lewis said lightly, "Divide the family. Logically speaking, after I became the family head, the first branch of the family should have moved out long ago. You have several properties; once you move out, there won't be any problems with how you bring your daughter back home." 
Oliver was shocked. 
He was still thinking about contending for the position of the family head, so how could he possibly agree to a division of the household?! 
Seeing him shut up, Lewis then walked with Keira toward old Mrs. Horton's courtyard. 
As night fell, Keira, bathed in the moonlight, walked ahead. She was still pondering what old Mrs. Horton had said today, always feeling that she and Lewis had been schemed against. 
But who was it, and why would they do this? 
While she was thinking, the hand hanging at her left side was suddenly grasped by a warm large hand. Lewis's deep voice rose in her ear. "What are you thinking about?" 
Keira said, "I'm trying to figure out what exactly is going on." 
She had already checked the records of her movements on the day of her marriage and found that on the day she married two years ago, she was in the lab the entire time, working on hydrogen fuel problems, with company staff to testify. 
So, who was the person who appeared at the Horton family and knew that she was actually Mrs. Olsen's daughter?! 
Lewis also frowned. 
For a time, neither of them could understand what was going on, so they simply pushed the matter to the back of their minds. 
Just as they entered old Mrs. Horton's courtyard, Lewis's phone rang. 
Keira didn't want to listen to the content of his call, but since they were walking side by side, the voice inside leaked out. 
It was a gentle female voice. "Lewis, can you come and join me for dinner?" 
Lewis's expression turned grim as he uttered just two words. "I'm busy." 
The person on the other side spoke again. "But I'm sick again, and I simply can't eat anything without you. Lewis, the doctor says if I don't eat, my stomach won't take it..." 
Keira involuntarily pricked up her ears and heard Lewis fall silent for a moment before he finally said, "Alright, I'll come over." 
Hearing his response, Keira's heart sank slightly as if a stone had suddenly been pressed on top of it. 
She said nothing, and as she saw Lewis hang up, she walked straight toward her own room. 
After taking a few steps, her wrist was once again seized by Lewis. 
Keira turned around and saw the man looking at her seriously. "Join me?" 
Keira paused, suddenly feeling a subtle sentiment rising from within. She knew that Lewis had made a choice. 
Perhaps this meeting today might be their last. 
Keira wasn't a sentimental person, so she replied with a smile. "Sure." 
The two of them walked out together and got into the car. 
On the road, Keira saw that Lewis had a grim expression and seemed to be in a bad mood. She took the initiative to ask, "What's really going on between you two?"
###Chapter 233 Kidnapping
Chapter 233 Kidnapping
Lewis took a deep breath upon hearing this. 
He turned to look out the window, loosened his tie, and said, "She saved my life when she was a child, and I promised her that I would marry her when we grew up." 
Actually, he was responsible for what had become of Madeleine. 
There was truth in what Madeleine had said, that the little girl was different from the other children kidnapped along with them. 
Because the little girl was cute and well-behaved, even the traffickers developed a soft spot for her and said they would find her a good family. 
At that time, the little girl was very close to the traffickers. 
Keira was taken aback by this. 
She couldn't help but think of herself. 
Her big brother had promised her, too. He had said he would come for her and marry her, but he never did, not all these years. 
No wonder old Mrs. Horton had said Lewis was a man with a strong sense of responsibility. 
Soon, the two of them arrived at the psychiatric hospital. 
It was very quiet here, the environment was beautiful, and in the entire psychiatric hospital, there was no one except for Madeleine. 
This alone showed Lewis's meticulous care for her. 
After the car stopped at the entrance, Keira followed him to Madeleine's ward. 
As soon as they entered, they met her attending doctor. 
The attending doctor sighed in relief upon seeing Mr. Horton. "Mr. Horton, we didn't mean to bother you, but Miss Davis has been vomiting everything she's eaten since yesterday. If she doesn't eat properly and only relies on nutrient solutions, her stomach might fail completely..." 
Listening to the doctor, Keira couldn't help but make a comment in her mind. 
Was Madeleine still not weaned? If Lewis didn't come, she wouldn't eat? 
They hadn't yet reached the door of the ward when they heard a feeble voice from inside. "Lewis, is that you? If my big brother doesn't come, I won't eat. It's too uncomfortable to vomit. I need my big brother..." 
Lewis heard this but didn't rush in. 
He turned his head to glance at Keira, then took her by the hand and walked in. 
Keira immediately saw the woman in a hospital gown. 
Compared to the last time during the birthday banquet, she seemed even thinner, and the hospital gown hung loose on her body. 
Her skin was so pale it was nearly translucent, her cheeks sunken, and she was so thin that she seemed deformed. 
Upon seeing Lewis, a light shone in her eyes, "Lewis..." 
But Lewis's face remained stiff. "I've heard you aren't eating. I've brought my wife to see you." 
He emphasized the words "my wife". 
Madeleine's gaze reluctantly shifted from him and fell upon Keira, a flash of anxiety and hostility crossing her eyes as she frantically looked at Lewis. "Lewis, what do you mean by this?" 
Lewis said, "Miss Davis, I'm already married, and from now on, you should try to be independent." 
Madeleine was startled, then tears began to roll down her cheeks. "Lewis, are you not going to take care of me anymore?" 
Lewis lowered her gaze. "I'll continue to pay for your medical expenses." 
Madeleine was dazed. "Does this mean you'll never come to see me again?" 
Lewis didn't respond. 
Madeleine kept crying. "But if I don't see you, I'll die! Lewis, you can't do this to me..." 
She stood up from the bed, weak from illness and not eating for two days. She was shaky and dizzy. 
Yet she still moved toward Lewis, reaching out to grasp him. "Lewis, I saved your life back then, and you promised to marry me! Have you forgotten?" 
Lewis calmly said, "The words of a nine-year-old child cannot be taken seriously." 
"But I took them seriously!" 
Madeleine's voice suddenly rose. "I took them seriously! I've been waiting for you to marry me since I was a child! In this world, you were my only salvation! Lewis, you promised to take care of me when you first found me. Are you giving up on me now that you are married?" 
After her outburst, she had no more strength left and stumbled back on the bed. 
Lewis looked at her, frowning. "I promised to take care of you, but not to marry you." 
"But now you're married, you'll start your own life, and you'll have children with her. You'll gradually forget me... you are giving up on me!" 
She cried miserably, like an abandoned child. "If even you don't want me, who in this world will? What's the point of me living? Lewis, you know my condition. If you don't take care of me, it would be better to kill me now than let me suffer in the future!" 
Her words made Lewis grind his teeth. 
Keira scoffed, stepping in front of Lewis and facing Madeleine. "Is that all you can say, repeating his name?" 
Madeleine paused when hearing that. 
Keira then turned to her. "Everyone should take control of their own life. Why should someone else be responsible for it?!" 
Madeleine trembled, pointing her finger at Lewis. "He promised to marry me!" 
"Who takes childhood talk seriously?" Keira scoffed. "I also had a big brother who said he would marry me when I was a child, and he never came. Should I also find that person and block his doorway?" 
Madeleine was at a loss for words. 
But Lewis was slightly taken aback. "What big brother?" 
Keira glanced at him and said indifferently, "Who didn't play house when they were kids? Why bother with such things!" 
Lewis didn't speak again. 
Instead, Madeleine regained her composure, crying out, "It's different for me! You were playing, but I saved Lewis's life with my own. If it weren't for me, Lewis would have been beaten to death by now! The people who kidnapped him were going to kill him! But it was different for me, taking me was just incidental, and they just wanted to sell me off! I was the one who saved Lewis, and when I did, we agreed he would take responsibility for me and marry me... Lewis, you can't go back on your word!" 
These words stunned Keira. 
Kidnapping? 
Why did this all sound so familiar?
###Chapter 234 Background
Chapter 234 Background
Keira looked at Lewis in surprise. 
When he came, he had casually mentioned that Madeleine had saved his life, but he hadn't shared the details. 
Had it also been a case of abduction and trafficking…? 
Only, unlike her own situation, had he nearly been killed at the time? 
If that were the case, then this would indeed be considered a life-saving grace. 
No wonder Lewis was so accommodating toward Madeleine. 
While she was thinking, Lewis had already started to speak, his voice deep and gentle, with a hint of tenderness. "Sorry, I misspoke." 
He still held Keira's hand tightly, his eyes having a complicated emotion as he looked at Madeleine, and explained earnestly, "I thought that a childhood promise is still a promise. Although I don't love you, I could stay unmarried for a lifetime, and be there for you when you need me, but I didn't expect to have a marriage arrangement with Keira, nor did I expect to fall in love with her. I've thought about this for a long time." 
He spoke slowly, with deliberate pauses. "Between you and her, I'm destined to let one down, so I choose her. 
"Miss Davis, I won't come to see you anymore, and you don't have to call me either. I won't stop paying your medical expenses, and you can ask the director for anything you need. Besides companionship, I'll try to meet all your material needs!" 
"Miss Davis, I won't come to see you anymore, and you don't have to call me either. I won't stop paying your medical expenses, and you can ask the director for anything you need. Besides companionship, I'll try to meet all your material needs!" 
Upon hearing this, Madeleine's face turned pale. 
After leaving those words, he didn't give Madeleine a chance to speak any further and pulled Keira away. 
Keira left the hospital room with him, and suddenly, the desperate, heartbreaking cries of Madeleine came from behind them. 
Unfortunately, Lewis never looked back. 
Keira was no saint; she didn't feel pity for Madeleine and only found her pitiful. 
And the reason Lewis, a responsible man, was so heartlessly rejecting Madeleine at this moment was because of his deep affection for Keira. 
She looked at Lewis holding her hand and squeezed back firmly. 
She thought, as long as Lewis didn't let go of her hand, perhaps she would never let go of his hand in this lifetime… 
The two left the hospital and drove away. 
On the road, Lewis's phone kept ringing. 
Lewis glanced at it and then blocked Madeleine's number. 
A little while later, the director called him… 
Lewis answered, and the director's voice came through. "Mr. Horton, Miss Davis is trying to kill herself again!" 
Lewis said indifferently, "The patient is yours. I'm not a doctor." 
The director was startled. 
Lewis's gaze remained fixed ahead. "Don't come to me again in the future…" 
"Right? Okay, okay." 
The director seemed surprised by his cold response, but after the shock, he soon said yes. 
Keira didn't say anything but went home with him. 
After parking the car, they sneaked a peek at old Mrs. Horton, and, seeing that she was sleeping soundly, they returned to the bedroom. 
Keira was about to go to the guest bedroom but was caught by Lewis's tight grasp. 
The man looked deeply into her eyes. "Keira, tonight let's become real husband and wife." 
Keira's pupils shrank, and her heartbeat suddenly began to race! 
They were both adults. Of course, she understood what Lewis meant… 
But to start sharing a bed with him tonight? 
Keira suppressed the shyness in her, coughed, and decided to follow her own desires. She then turned her head, her face flushing red. "Okay." 
She entered Lewis's room, a bit coyly. 
Just as she entered, the door behind her slammed shut, and immediately the man embraced her tightly. 
Keira was startled. 
He was already so impatient? 
Just as she thought about this, she sensed that something was off. 
The man was merely holding her tight, burying his head in the crook of her shoulder without any further moves. 
She breathed a sigh of relief, then heard the man laugh and say, "Keira, I'm very happy today." 
Keira was also very happy. 
She hadn't expected that Lewis would take such decisive action; she hadn't even brought up Madeleine, and he had already made up his mind. 
That was quite good... 
Keira wrapped her arms around his waist, feeling his heartbeat. "I'm very happy too." 
That was Lewis's way of confessing his love to her, wasn't it? 
That night, there was no substantial progress between the two; they just held each other and slept. 
Keira could feel his restraint and self-control, as she stifled a laugh. 
Actually, she wasn't quite ready mentally and thought it was better to take things slow. 
... 
Early the next day. 
Mr. Horton from the second branch came to join old Mrs. Horton for breakfast. 
Hearing that Lewis and Keira hadn't yet gotten up, old Mrs. Horton immediately smiled so wide her eyes nearly disappeared. 
They went out together last night, and after returning, they both entered Lewis's room. That was what Fiona informed her first thing in the morning. 
Now, she was truly delighted from the bottom of her heart! 
Mr. Horton couldn't help but frown. "Sister-in-law, the elders are at home, and your granddaughter-in-law is still not up this late; does she usually respect you?" 
He was worried Keira might neglect old Mrs. Horton. 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately said "Brother-in-law, that kind of talk is too much. When young folks sleep a lot, they should sleep more! Besides, I've told you, my granddaughter-in-law is remarkable, not just dutiful and kind, but also not someone to be trifled with. Normally, she even helps me look after Lewis. I'm one hundred percent satisfied with this granddaughter-in-law!" 
Seeing old Mrs. Horton speak like this, Mr. Horton also calmed down. "It's good as long as she's dutiful. But there's one aspect of your granddaughter-in-law that's not so great." 
Old Mrs. Horton grew unhappy. "What's not so great?" 
"Her background isn't quite up to par. I heard she's from a middle-class family in Oceanion?" 
Mr. Horton let out a soft sigh. "The first branch of the family, that illegitimate daughter, although she flatters you insincerely, is now about to enter into a marriage alliance with the Cobb Family in Clance. If the Cobb Family in Clance supports the first branch, then Lewis will be under greater pressure. I can't expect Lewis's wife to come from those five prestigious families in Clance, but if she could come from even any top-tier prestigious family, it could really help Lewis out. This marriage is just this one area where we're at a disadvantage!" 
Old Mrs. Horton knew that Mr. Horton wasn't mocking Keira but rather feeling regret, yet she rebuked, "You can't say such things in front of my granddaughter-in-law. No one is perfect. Do you think that brat is any good? My granddaughter-in-law is excellent in all areas, which makes up for her less-than-ideal background!" 
Mr. Horton sighed, unconcerned. 
A marriage alliance in rich families was also a means of joining forces. 
If only Keira's background could have been a bit higher... 
As they spoke, Keira and Lewis walked out of the bedroom after freshening up. 
Just as they exited, Fiona came in from outside, holding a box that she handed to Keira. "Madam, this was sent over by Uncle Olsen early this morning..." 
Keira glanced at it and immediately froze. 
The logo on the box was that of a luxury jewelry brand. 
But... Just yesterday, she mentioned to the handsome uncle that gifts for younger family members could include jewelry, and today Uncle Olsen had sent over a box of jewelry? 
Could it be such a coincidence? Or could it be...
###Chapter 235: Big Brother
Chapter 235: Big Brother
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Could that handsome uncle be Uncle Olsen?
At this thought, Keira immediately opened the big box.
Inside the big box was a delicate small box tied with a ribbon, clearly meant for a woman.
Keira opened the small box and found inside a luxury handbag from the same brand.
She let out a sigh of relief, feeling she had thought too much.
What were the odds?
Her phone vibrated. When she checked, she saw a message from Ellis. “Did you receive the gift from Uncle Olsen? Can you spare some time to meet him?”
Keira thought for a moment. Flowers yesterday, a handbag today—would they continue to send things if she still ignored them tomorrow?
She replied to the message. “Tell Mr. Olsen I’m not mad; I just don’t think there’s any need to meet.”
When Ellis received the message, he immediately passed Keira’s words on to Uncle Olsen.
After hearing it, Uncle Olsen fell silent for a while, and in the end, he just sighed softly. “Then forget it. There’s no need to meet then. I’ll be returning to Clance the day after tomorrow.”
“Alright.”
Ellis then asked, “But Uncle Olsen, didn’t your close friend say they were sending jewelry? Why did you send a bag instead?”
Uncle Olsen sighed. “The jewelry is too expensive; Miss Jodie wouldn’t accept it.”
The brand’s fine jewelry was worth hundreds of thousands to millions. Uncle Olsen thought giving such items was too much, so he chose a bag worth tens of thousands of dollars instead.
After all, women like them all the same!
Uncle Olsen also felt that his stubborn insistence on seeing her was mysteriously absurd; he couldn’t understand this inexplicable determination to see her.
As he was pondering, his phone vibrated with a message from his close friend.
The young lady wrote, “Handsome Uncle, have you pacified your young friend?”
Uncle Olsen smiled and replied, “Yes. The day after tomorrow, I’ll return to Clance don’t forget our dinner date.”
The young lady said, “Don’t worry. I won’t forget! I’ve spoken to my mom, and I’ll bring her along— so you can see what the world’s greatest mother looks like!”
Uncle Olsen smiled, teasing her. “Alright, we’ll see if your mom is better than mine.”
Keira didn’t return the handbag.
An item worth tens of thousands of dollars didn’t need to be returned.
She casually tossed it aside and had breakfast with Lewis.
Today’s breakfast consisted of nice pastries. Lewis picked up a slice of apple pie for her. Keira bit into it, and her eyes lit up instantly. “It’s delicious!”
“Really?”
Lewis smiled, leaned over, and ate the remaining half of the pie from her plate, then looked at her lips with a smile. “It’s indeed delicious.”
Keira was dumbfounded.
She felt like she was being teased!
It seemed that since last night, this man had become bolder.
Keira immediately stuffed another piece of pie into her mouth, viciously biting down, yet she didn’t realize that what she took for a ferocious look was full of enchanting vibrancy to Lewis.
Old Mrs. Horton burped beside them, feeling full from the couple’s public display of affection.
After the meal, Lewis turned to Keira and said, “I need to go to the office to handle some affairs; I’ll return for lunch and can work from home in the afternoon.”
Keira knew that he was voluntarily sharing his schedule with her.
She nodded with a smile.
Lewis turned to leave, but at that moment, his phone suddenly rang.
That ringtone made Keira’s heart skip a beat, a bad premonition swiftly seizing her.
Lewis took out his phone, saw that it was a call from Tom, and his expression instantly froze at whatever was said on the other end!
Seeing him standing still, Keira immediately approached him, her eyebrows knitting with concern as she asked, “What happened?”
Lewis clenched his jaw, his face as dark as brooding waters; the sense of relief that had come from shedding invisible pressures and burdens since the previous night suddenly vanished.
The fleeting relief felt like a surge of seawater, assaulting him once again.
As if drowning, he tightly grabbed Keira’s hand and slowly said, “Madeleine jumped off a building.”
In the hospital.
Inside the emergency room, Madeleine was breathing faintly, her body covered in blood.
Doctors and nurses were coming and going, carrying many bags of blood.
Keira stood with Lewis outside the operating room, both looking at the woman on the hospital bed.
Her thin arms and legs extended outward, her complexion pale, and her body had multiple abrasions. With internal damage, she was continuously bleeding.
Upon rough calculation, Keira found that Madeleine’s body had been through the equivalent of four complete blood transfusions.
She had jumped from the tenth floor of the psychiatric hospital, and by the time she was brought to the emergency room, she had already stopped breathing.
A critical condition notice had been issued four times already…
Previously, Keira had thought Madeleine was being melodramatic with her fasting and suicide attempts, all just to threaten Lewis.
She never imagined that without Lewis, Madeleine truly didn’t want to live anymore.
She looked toward Lewis again.
The man’s face remained cold, his gaze fixed stiffly on the person on the hospital bed, his eyes flickering with profound, complex emotions, making it impossible for Keira to discern his thoughts.
Lewis had actually foreseen this outcome when he made that decision the day before.
He was well aware of Madeleine’s severe psychological issues. It wasn’t a lie.
But knowing and seeing firsthand were two different things; the frail Madeleine on the hospital bed reminded him of his childhood.
Few people knew that when those traffickers had captured him, their intention wasn’t to sell him off, but they had taken money from the first branch of the family to have him killed.
Therefore, the food they prepared for him was always poisoned.
He dared not eat it.
Other children, starving, would obediently eat, but he didn’t.
The other kids thought he was haughty, unaware that he couldn’t eat…
He was only nine years old. He was famished late into the night, too hungry to sleep…
He felt he was on the verge of starving to death.
Even in the dead of night, he saw a black cat leap into the room, its dark eyes staring at him.
He seemed to recall a fairy tale book that mentioned black cats were the harbingers of death, that they would eat the soul of a person after death.
Looking into those pupils, he felt a genuine fear.
He didn’t want to die—he still had his grandmother…
It was then that the door creaked open, and a small figure slipped in. She chased away the black cat and took out a piece of bread from her pocket.
She said, “Big brother, don’t starve yourself any more. Eat this. Once a person dies, there’s nothing left…”
His survival in the hands of the traffickers wasn’t just because of her help in the end, but also her secret feedings during those three months.
The debt he owed her was far more than just his life!
Lewis clenched his fists tightly.
The head of the psychiatric hospital approached, apologizing with his head down. “Mr. Horton, I’m sorry, Miss Davis said she had come to a realization, that she couldn’t depend on a man and needed to rely on herself… Then she went to bed. We didn’t dare let our guard down, but the night-shift nurse dozed off for a moment. When she opened her eyes, there was no one in the room, the window was open, and the curtain was blowing in the wind…”
As the head of the hospital spoke these words, he noticed the ashen face of Lewis and immediately fell silent.
Lewis’s jaw was tight as he muttered to himself, “Was it my fault?”
Keira knew that he was drowning in guilt.
But she didn’t know what to say to comfort him…
She said instinctively, “You’re not to blame. I once saved a big brother too…”
Lewis looked at her.. “What big brother?”
###Chapter 236: Jade Ring
Chapter 236: Jade Ring
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Lewis knew Keira was trying to comfort him, so he played along and changed the subject.
Keira then began. “I was also abducted when I was a child and was locked up with an older brother…”
Abducted?
Lewis was slightly startled. “How old were you then?”
Keira was about to answer, but Madeleine suddenly coughed, and her body began to twist!
“Oh no! Blood has entered the trachea! Arrange for emergency thoracotomy immediately!”
Madeleine was issued the fifth critical condition notice.
Lewis’s attention was immediately diverted, and once again, he stared intently at the hospital bed.
Keira no longer had the mind to talk about the past.
It was hard to tell how much time had passed. It could have been three hours or perhaps five, but Madeleine was finally resuscitated.
When the doctor said there was no immediate danger to her life, Keira let out a huge sigh of relief.
She turned her head and saw Lewis’s clenched fists slowly relax…
Keira gently patted the back of his hand in reassurance.
Lewis then gave a wry smile.
Madeleine had fractures all over her body, and her internal organs were also ruptured in many places. When she was wheeled out of the operating room she seemed to regain some sense of feeling; even though she was unconscious,’she was flailing her arms and calling out, “Lewis…”
Her thrashing around made it impossible for the doctor and nurses to continue with the IV.
The doctor held her hand, but she kept calling out, “Big brother…”
She struggled vigorously, trying to grasp something.
The doctor urgently said, “Mr. Horton, we must calm her down or else we won’t be able to save the life we just brought back!”
Lewis gazed at her for a long time and finally stepped forward. “I’m here.”
The uneasy Madeleine immediately calmed down, seemingly sensing his voice and subconsciously grabbed Lewis’s hand.
Lewis tried to pull his hand away, but Madeleine immediately furrowed her brows. “Big brother…”
Those words reminded him of the little girl curling up in his arms to sleep when they were children.
Lewis paused.
The doctor beside him immediately made a pleading gesture. “Mr Horton we’ve barely snatched her back from the hands of death…”
Lewis tightened his jaw and glanced at Keira.
His eyes conveyed hesitation and conflict.
Keira clenched her fists tighter.
Without saying a word, she watched as Lewis accompanied Madeleine to the ICU with the doctor.
Keira stood outside the ICU, looking inside through a glass door.
She and Lewis were only a few meters apart, but that glass door seemed to isolate them from one another.
Doctors and nurses shuttled back and forth, checking Madeleine’s vital signs every half hour.
Lewis couldn’t hear the outside conversations.
But Keira could hear a group of specialist doctors discussing.
It s a medical miracle that we were able to save her life!”
“The mam thing is that Mr. Horton is willing to spend the money. She’s had the equivalent of four blood transfusions; she’s lucky to be alive. There was one bleeding point we couldn’t find, and in the end, we guessed, but luckily we guessed correctly!”
“But even though her life was saved, she’ll have a lifelong disability. I just don’t understand why she would do this to herself…”
“You just came for the consultation and didn’t understand. She was brought over from the mental hospital next door… I heard from her attending doctor…” The doctor looked around and then said,
“She has severe depression, and she simply can’t pull through, no matter how many medications she takes. It seems that her only hope for living was Mr. Horton… but Mr. Horton has now gotten married and doesn’t plan to see her anymore, so she attempted suicide…”
The people nearby immediately asked curiously, “What was her relationship with Mr. Horton?”
“They were said to be lovers. Mr. Horton has been treating her for five or six years, and they were previously abroad.”
“What? So Mr. Horton has fallen in love with someone else now?”
“Having a girlfriend with mental illness, who could bear that forever? It’s quite normal for him to move on…”
“But it still feels somewhat heartless. After all, he was the patient’s only hope Once he broke up with her, the patient couldn’t take it anymore…”
“Mr. Horton has already married publicly, hasn’t he? Why is it that the patient couldn’t take it just now?”
“I asked the attending doctor, and it seems Mrs. Horton wasn’t pleased Mr Horton told the patient that he wouldn’t see her again, and that’s why she was so upset and jumped off the building. The state she was in when she was brought here was unbearable to look at…”
II II
A group of people chatted as they walked away, heading to another ward to continue their rounds.
However, these words made Keira tense her jaw, wanting to say something, yet not knowing what to say.
She understood Lewis.
He had chosen her over Madeleine, which moved her deeply.
But now, it wasn’t just about him; even seeing Madeleine lying on the hospital
bed was enough to make her own heart pound with fear!
That was a life!
Just yesterday, she was still alive and arguing with her, and today, her life hung by a thread…
But was a childhood promise really that important? Was Lewis supposed to let
a single promise drag down his entire life?
Keira suddenly thought of that “big brother.”
Her situation with that “big brother” was actually quite similar to Lewis and Madeleine’s situation.
Back then, she had saved that “big brother”, and he had promised to marry her and take her home to his family…
But over the years, that “big brother” had never come to find her.
Still, his words had indeed been her only hope to keep living after she returned home.
It was only as she grew up that she understood relying on others could never compare to relying on oneself.
She was doing well now, so she had moved on.
If she had been even slightly weaker or not strong enough, perhaps someone
else in her shoes wouldn’t have made it through, right?
She lowered her head, lost in thought.
“What are you thinking about?”
Lewis’s voice suddenly rang out. Keira lifted her head to see that Lewis had already appeared before her without her noticing.
The man looked tired, with a sense of powerlessness in his eyes.
Keira didn’t want to pressure him with things like “You promised yesterday that you wouldn’t see her anymore.”
She had never been the pitiful heroine of a story.
Keira blinked and then suddenly said, “I was thinking about the older boy I rescued when I was a child.”
Lewis sat down beside her. “What about him?”
Keira smiled. “I remembered he said he would marry me and even gave me a marriage token. But I don’t need it anymore, should I return it to him?”
Lewis paused for a moment, then suddenly asked, “What token?”
Keira blinked. “When I was a child, I didn’t understand. It was only after going back home this time that I realized it seemed quite valuable. It might even be a family heirloom or something…”
As she said that, she took out the well-preserved jade ring from her pocket..
###Chapter 237
Keira hadn’t known the value of the jade ring before. 
Fearing that Poppy might throw it away or sell it after discovering it, she had always hidden it secretly. 
It was only when she took it out this time that she realized the jade ring, which had comforted her as a child, seemed to be of considerable value. 
Keira, after all, had little contact with such items, so 
she didn’t know their value very well and wanted Lewis 
to have a look for her. 
But just as she lifted the jade ring, the piercing sound of a heartbeat monitor came from the hospital room! 
Lewis stood up abruptly and rushed into the room. 
There was no need for him to call for help, as the doctors and nurses had already arrived and were once again trying to revive Madeleine! 
Lewis looked on anxiously… 
Keira was still holding the jade ring in her hand, watching Lewis quietly for a long time, until she ultimately stood up and walked out. 
19
It was really awkward for her to stay here given her 
status. 
But she didn’t go far. She just stayed outside the hospital, wandering around aimlessly. 
Somehow, she found herself in front of a courier 
service collection point. 
Keira paused slightly. 
She looked down at the jade ring in her hand again and then stepped into the shop. 
The courier station happened to be a company under her name. The courier recognized her and immediately exclaimed in surprise, “Boss, what brings you here?” 
Over the years, Keira seldom managed these repair and courier companies, but she remembered all the old employees. 
Hearing this, she said, “I’d like to send a package.” 
Keira took out the jade ring, had the courier give her a box, and after wrapping it with multiple layers, she thought for a moment, “Do you have paper and a pen?” 
“Yes.” 
The courier turned around and brought her paper and 
a pen. 
Keira then wrote a short note. 
“Dear Big Brother, 
“I hope this letter doesn’t disturb you. I don’t know if you still remember me, nor do I know if you have been looking for me over the years. 
“I’m writing this letter to tell you that you don’t need to look for me anymore. 
“The promises of childhood need not be kept in mind; I’m now married to a loving husband and living a smooth life, so there’s no need to worry. 
“This jade ring seems extraordinary and must be a very important item to you, so I’m returning it to you.” 
Keira was writing this letter because of Lewis. 
By putting herself in someone else’s shoes, if that “big brother” was like Lewis and had someone he liked now, 
would he also be struggling with his feelings as Lewis 
did? 
She took the initiative to write a letter to inform him
of her current situation also looking to put an end to 
that connection. 
But after writing the letter, she suddenly felt a bit reluctant to let go. 
Every time Poppy beat her as a child, making her feel like she couldn’t survive, she would think of the “big brother” who had promised to come for her… 
After some thought, Keira added a few more lines to 
the letter. 
“By the way, I had no name when I was little, but now I do. My name is Keira, and my phone number is 555… If you come to Oceanion, I’ll buy you lunch.” 
Having added these lines, she put the letter and the well-packaged jade ring into a box, cushioned it with foam, and then handed it to the courier. 
The courier took it and asked, “Boss, where is this being sent to?” 
Keira then smiled. “No. 76 Glow Road, Glow Village, 
Cloud Town.” 
As she said the address, she again felt she might be
overthinking things. 
Perhaps that jade ring wasn’t worth much money? 
After all, a No. 76 house in a village wouldn’t be the home of a wealthy family, right? 
The courier then asked, “What’s the recipient’s name?” 
Keira thought for a moment. 
Back then, that boy didn’t tell her his name, only that he was a member of that family, and he was the fifth among his siblings. 
What was his last name? 
He seemed to have mentioned it, but Keira couldn’t 
remember at the moment. 
Frowning, she suddenly recalled that the boy had once said, “My Grandpa’s brother told me I’m too stubborn, 
so he nicknamed me Stubborn Five.” 
Keira then said, “Make it ‘Stubborn Five”.” 
Yet, the courier’s expression didn’t change at all.
Keira asked, “Isn’t that name strange?” 
The courier chuckled. “That’s still normal. You haven’t been delivering couriers these years, so you don’t know how bizarre the names people come up with for themselves when they shop online! One time, there 
” 
was someone named ‘My Dad’. When you call them, you have to ask, ‘Hello, may I speak to My Dad?’ This courier job even demotes me by a generation. Who do you complain to about that?” 
Keira stifled a laugh, then after some thought, she spoke again. “How about this? You personally make a trip to deliver the package for me. The jade ring is fragile, so be careful.” 
Glow Village seemed so far away when she was a child, but in truth, it’s only a five or six-hour drive away. 
The value of the jade ring was unclear; it felt more reassuring to send someone in person. 
The courier said, “Alright! I’ll head over now and make sure that it reaches the recipient!” 
“Much appreciated.” 
After seeing the courier drive off, Keira didn’t return to the hospital; instead, she simply sent a message to Lewis and went back to the Horton residence.
The moment she entered, she saw Mr. Horton saying farewell to old Mrs. Horton. 
Mr. Horton’s face was tinged with reluctance. 
237 Return it to Him 
“Sister-in-law, you must take good care of yourself. I’m still waiting for you to come home for the New Year’s ancestral worship!” 
Old Mrs. Horton nodded. “Sure, no problem!” 
After that, she saw Keira and couldn’t help but ask, “Where’s that brat? Didn’t he say he would come to see off his second granduncle today?” 
Keira smiled upon hearing this. “Perhaps there’s some urgent matter…” 
Π 
Old Mrs. Horton snorted. “What urgent matter could be more important than his second granduncle?!” 
Mr. Horton, however, laughed, “Sister-in-law, don’t say that! Lewis is now in charge of the entire Horton Group, so he’s a very busy man! The kid is dutiful, so he definitely didn’t mean any disrespect; it must b some important matter that’s delayed him. Besides why are you so formal with me? We are family. If yo miss me, just drive over with a step on the gas pedal.. 
After saying that, he got into his car.
Keira helped old Mrs. Horton to move a couple of steps forward. 
Old Mrs. Horton waved her hand. “Drive carefully. 
There’s no need to rush…” 
“Understood.” 
After that, Mr. Horton turned to Nathan and Oliver, his expression becoming serious. “You guys make sure to behave, understand?” 
Nathan pursed his lips and didn’t speak. 
Oliver said with a smile, “Got it, second granduncle. Don’t worry.” 
Only then did Mr. Horton look off into the distance again, sighing with helpless resignation. 
In truth, he had wanted to give Lewis a couple more words of advice, given that he had watched over him for several years when he was younger, and they had a 
bond. 
Concerning the old lady’s illness, he was initially misled by Oliver into misunderstanding the situation with Lewis and his wife.
He wondered if that brat was angry with him over this, which was why he deliberately didn’t come to see him 
off. 
. 
At that thought, Mr. Horton couldn’t help but grumble 
“That Stubborn Five!” 
1 
R 
10 
Terrible 
###Chapter 238
Keira suddenly looked up, feeling as though she had heard something.” 
However, Mr. Horton had already waved them off, and the car started, driving off. 
By coincidence, the delivery person who was sending the jade ring on behalf of Keira left after eating at the rest area, which delayed him a bit, and he ended up right behind Mr. Horton’s car. 
The two cars headed toward Glow Village, one after 
the other. 
The Horton residence. 
After Mr. Horton left, old Mrs. Horton’s smile vanished instantly, and she turned to look at Keira with a frown, “Did that brat go to the hospital again?” 
Keira paused, smiling, “No, Grandma, you…” 
“You don’t need to make excuses for that brat!” Old Mrs. Horton said with a cold laugh. “That brat always values personal relationships more than work. What 
could possibly be so important that he can’t let it go? This morning, I heard from Fiona that you hurried off with him. Keira, tell me, what kind of trouble is
Madeleine stirring up now?” 
Keira sighed, “Grandma…” 
Old Mrs. Horton was genuinely angry. “Keira, you don’t have to sweet-talk me on his behalf, and you don’t need to play the devoted wife either! When I arranged for you to marry that brat, I didn’t want you to be 
mistreated, and you certainly don’t need to push your husband toward someone else. I don’t want you to live 
so stifled!” 
She looked at Fiona, “Get the car ready. I’m going to the psychiatric hospital right now to see what tricks that little woman has used!” 
But her arm was gripped tightly by Keira. “Grandma…” 
Old Mrs. Horton turned to look at her, only to hear Keira say in a low voice, “Madeleine has jumped off a building.” 
Even the composed old Mrs. Horton was struck by this 
news. 
She was silent for a long time before she spoke again. “Did she jump? Or is she using this to scare that brat? Let me tell you, some women’s tricks are very…” 
“She really jumped.” 
Old Mrs. Horton could have immediately sent someone to check on this matter, so Keira simply told the truth. 
“She almost didn’t make it. She’s still in the ICU.” 
Old Mrs. Horton frowned, and she said nothing for a long time. Finally unable to help herself, she asked, “Why would it come to this? Why can’t she move on? Why did it have to come to this?” 
Both Keira and old Mrs. Horton were strong 
individuals. 
Therefore, they couldn’t understand Madeleine’s 
choice. 
But Keira didn’t want to speak ill of Madeleine behind. her back, so she helped old Mrs. Horton up and walked with her into the yard. 
Neither of them saw that just as they entered the door, Oliver came out from around the corner, his eyes shining as he stared at them from behind! 
He sneakily went to a secluded spot and called Selena directly, “Selena, you really do have divine foresight! Lewis’s old flame, that little Davis woman, caused a huge scene-she jumped off a building!!” 
Expecting to have overheard some significant news from Keira and old Mrs. Horton, Oliver was taken aback when Selena spoke in a casual tone. “Dad, I’ve known about it since yesterday.” 
Oliver was stunned, “Huh?” 
Selena began to speak. “Yesterday, I had people keep an eye on Madeleine. Right now, my young uncle is with her at the hospital, and what’s more, I’ve bribed a nurse and got hold of the doctors’ chat records!” 
Oliver’s eyes immediately lit up. “Then isn’t this a great opportunity for us?!” 
Selena nodded, “I’ll send you the evidence right now. You know what to do next, don’t you?” 
“I do!” 
Oliver was overjoyed!! 
! 
He planned to blow this matter up and take it to the court of public opinion! 
By then, even if Lewis wished to keep this incident under wraps and continue his relationship with Keira, the pressure from the public would crush him.
Ever since Lewis returned to the country, he had been suppressing Oliver. 
Several of his counterattacks had been easily dissolved by Keira. 
Although this woman came from a humble 
background, she was quite capable. If he could get the two to divorce and let Lewis marry that lunatic… 
Lewis would have one less ally and one more burden,. and Oliver would then have the qualifications to contend with Lewis! 
He even considered that perhaps Lewis might never 
have children! 
Entertaining these thoughts, the conversation that Selena had secretly recorded was sent over, 
maliciously edited, and completely twisted in meaning… 
Oliver snickered and then uploaded it to the internet. 
: 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed heavily, looking at Keira with guilt. “My dear granddaughter-in-law, I, I…” 
She was somewhat at a loss for words, feeling sorry for. 
the brat when speaking up for him and sorry for her granddaughter-in-law at the same time.
But Keira said, “Grandma, you don’t need to say anything. I understand. Don’t worry, this is between 
Lewis and me. Please have some rest!” 
She escorted old Mrs. Horton into the room. As she 
stepped out again, she received a message from Samuel. “Boss, please take a look at this post. What’s going on?” 
After opening the link, Keira saw a recording of doctors talking, but the content was edited to imply something different. 
It gave the impression that Lewis had callously abandoned Madeleine because she fell ill and hooked 
up with Keira instead. 
The post was already flooded with negative comments. 
Keira scanned through them. Most comments slandered Lewis as a scumbag who was irresponsible 
and labeled her a homewrecker. 
Without delving into the specifics, she simply replied to Samuel, “Suppress the trending topic.” 
Samuel soon replied, “Already suppressed. I just checked that Tom was the one who pulled this off, likely under orders from Lewis. Boss, what’s going on with Lewis? He’s still at the hospital with that
woman. What now? Does he plan to carry on with that woman?” 
Keira frowned. 
As she was about to reply, she noticed that Samuel had added her to a group chat that included her, Samuel, Tom, and Lewis. 
While Keira was still puzzled, Samuel’s video call came through. 
Keira reluctantly picked it up, only to find that no one 
on Lewis’s end answered. 
Tom, however, joined in. 
Before Keira could speak, Samuel burst out. “Mr. Davis, you must make your boss explain himself to my boss! Don’t think that just because my boss is easy to talk to, 
778 
you can brush off this kind of thing! I’m asking you, what exactly is he thinking? Why is he at the hospital with that woman? What’s her relationship to him?” 
Tom sighed, “Miss Olsen, please don’t misunderstand my boss-his sense of responsibility is with Madeleine, but his true love is for you!” 
Samuel scoffed. “True love? Then how can he watch
my boss being vilified as a homewrecker? How can he still be at the hospital at a time like this?” 
Tom said, “Miss Davis once saved my boss’s life, so he feels obligated.” 
“How did she save his life? Come on, tell me. I want to 
see what this situation is all about!” 
0 
R 
10 
Terrible
###Chapter 239
Samuel’s tone was ominous. “If you can’t give me a definite answer today, this matter won’t end! Don’t think your Horton Group can just bully people as you please!” 
Tom said helplessly, “That was when they were kids. My boss didn’t tell me the details. I guessed it from what Miss Davis usually says.” 
Samuel kept cursing. “An incident from childhood is even more ridiculous, right? Can you confirm that Miss Davis is indeed the one who saved his life? Don’t get 
the wrong person again!” 
Tom sighed. “We can confirm it. Although Miss Davis said the token was sold by her mother, we conducted a lie detector test on her and could confirm she wasn’t 
lying.” 
“Is that Miss Davis really mentally ill?” 
“Yes, we’ve consulted many experts both domestically and abroad; she has severe claustrophobia and autism. My boss is her only redemption and hope for life…” 
Tom looked at them, trying to explain on behalf of Lewis. “Miss Olsen, I know you must be blaming my
boss right now, but my boss never planned on 
marrying Miss Davis. It’s only her wishful thinking! All these years, my boss has been paying for her medical treatment, but all the doctors said her condition was 
too severe…” 
Tom sighed. “I’ve been monitoring her all these years, thinking what if Miss Davis makes a mistake? If she could just slip up, I could persuade my boss to give her up. But she hasn’t, and the only excessive thing she did in all these years was during that birthday banquet, pretending to be Mrs. Horton for a moment, but later she gave a reasonable explanation, saying it was because everyone just assumed she was, and she feared denying it would cause trouble for my boss. Since then, she’s been staying quietly in the psychiatric hospital…” 
Hearing this, Samuel felt it was ridiculous. “Is she so innocent? What should we do then? It’s not like every time she tries to kill herself, Lewis should go watch over her, right? Then what’s the point of my boss’s marriage?” 
Tom gave a wry smile. “I guess that’s why my boss decisively chose Miss Olsen and gave up on Miss Davis previously. But after all, she saved his life once. Can he really just watch her die?” 
Samuel was silent for a moment. 
As a man, he always understood how important a sense of responsibility was.
If Lewis could be this ruthless toward Madeleine now, 
could he one day be just as ruthless toward Keira? 
The two of them fell silent for a moment. 
Keira, with her eyes downcast, said, “The public opinion that has come up is a bit baffling. You two go find out what’s happening.” 
Tom immediately said, “We’ve looked into it. The first branch of the family is making trouble.” 
“Then press it down hard. Don’t let this matter get 
more attention.” 
Tom immediately nodded. “I will.” 
Samuel sneered. “The trending topic may have been suppressed, but now someone is broadcasting live from the hospital!” 
After hanging up, Keira opened Samuel’s live broadcast. 
The live broadcast was evidently started by a journalist, and although the Horton family’s security guards blocked them from getting close, one could still glimpse inside the ward. 
Madeleine kept holding Lewis’s hand, not letting him leave.
It was only after her body could finally withstand a large dose of sedatives that she at last calmed down. 
And so, Lewis was freed. 
The journalist, unable to get close to Lewis for an interview, stood in front of the camera and began. “The only redemption in her life is him, yet Mr. Horton has cruelly given up on her – how is this different from sending someone to their death? How can Mr. Horton 
be so heartless?” 
“This is Gossip Daily, and we will keep an eye on this 
news until the end.” 
Keira turned off the live broadcast. 
Both in her vision and in her mind were images of 
Lewis’s back in front of Madeleine’s bed. 
That back, once as solid as a mountain that provided a sense of reliability, now seemed on the verge of being 
crushed.
Keira suddenly felt a bit sorry for him. 
The night deepened gradually. 
Madeleine’s condition stabilized, and her life was no longer in danger. 
Lewis finally returned to the Horton residence. 
He didn’t get out of the car, but sat inside, lighting a cigarette. 
Flashes of the doctor’s words sparked in his mind. “Miss Davis’s will to live is very weak. If you really are not coming to accompany her any further, then there is no need for further rescue because she’ll definitely attempt suicide a second time… Even if we can 
monitor her at all times, what can we do if she is 
determined to die and refuses food and drink? 
Moreover, she has a hundred ways to kill herself, and 
we just need a moment of negligence… Mr. Horton, I’m sorry, I cannot guarantee the patient’s safety.” 
Lewis took a deep drag of his cigarette. 
Then he finally got out of the car. 
Old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard was very quiet.
Lewis quietly entered his own bedroom, and as soon as 
he entered the door, he saw a familiar silhouette 
sitting on the sofa in the dim room. 
Lewis was slightly startled and was about to say something when he heard Keira. 
“Let’s get a divorce.” 
Keira’s voice was very faint. 
At the same time, the courier had driven for six hours 
and finally arrived at 76 Glow Village. 
The more he drove, the more alarmed he became. 
Because No. 76 wasn’t just any small village house. This imposing big tile-roofed house stretched down an 
entire street! 
It was clearly a grand family estate, the ancestral home 
here. 
mi 
D 
entrance and then knocked on the door. 
Someone came to open the door. 
The courier asked, “Excuse me, is there someone 
called ‘Stubborn Five’ here?” 
The servant immediately frowned. “What Stubborn Five? Never heard of that name! Go away!” 
It was his boss’s package, and he had promised to deliver it, so the courier refused to leave. Instead, he 
_started shouting. “Stubborn Five! Stubborn Five! You 
have a package!” 
Mr. Horton, who had just entered the courtyard, heard the argument at the entrance and was slightly taken aback. He came over and asked with a frown. 
“Whose package is it?” 
The servant said, “This courier says it’s for Stubborn Five. We don’t have anyone by that name in our house. I told him he’s got the wrong place, but he won’t leave!” 
No sooner had the servant finished speaking than Mr. Horton’s eyes widened in disbelief, and he asked, 
“Who?”
“Stubborn Five!” 
Mr. Horton immediately became excited, stepping forward to face the courier. “Yes, yes, there is such a person in the house!” 
After being kidnapped and returned home, Lewis would run to the front gate every day to wait for his 
mail. 
Later, when he was about to go abroad, he repeatedly instructed if anyone sent him a letter, they must 
remember to tell him. 
Even after going abroad, he would still call every three or five days to ask if anyone had sent him a letter… 
He only stopped in the past couple of years. 
He immediately took the package from the courier and looked at the driver. “Make another trip. Take it to 
Lewis!” 
He thought of Lewis’s previous instructions and said, “Make sure to hand it to him personally!”
The courier thought of his boss’s request to deliver the package directly to the recipient, and immediately added, “I’ll go with you!” 
###Chapter 240
Anymore 
Horton residence. 
Keira’s words didn’t surprise Lewis too much. 
She had always been a free-spirited woman. 
But Lewis’s chest was still clenched tightly, his mouth agape. He wanted to refuse, to say no, to ask her to wait a little longer for him, and to give him more time. He was sure he could think of a better solution. 
But before he could speak, Keira stood up, her gaze fixed on him. “I don’t mean to pressure you, but I’ve thought a lot, and this might be the only way.” 
Lewis clenched his jaw, squeezing his fists. “Keira, I…” 
“You’ve tried your best, and you chose me. I know that.” Keira looked at him. “But you can’t really watch 
her die.” 
-Lewis frowned. “I can.” 
“You can now,” Keira met his gaze. “But what about the 
future?” 
< 
Anymore 
Lewis paused. 
“You’ll feel guilty about her, and this guilt will be forever buried deep in your heart, Lewis. I don’t want you to bear such pressure.” 
The room’s light was very dim. 
Keira couldn’t see the expression on Lewis’s face, but she was in a state of dejection, her shoulders drooping slightly. 
She said, word by word, “Lewis, I know how terrible this feeling is.” 
For the last twenty-two years, she had lived in guilt toward the Olsen family. 
She truly believed it was her existence that prevented Taylor and Mrs. Olsen from being together, and although she finally left after more than a decade of slaving away for the Olsen family, the weight in her heart never lifted. 
Every time she faced Isla, despite telling herself she wasn’t at fault, that she couldn’t choose her own birth, she still felt guilty and was unable to raise her head in Isla’s presence. 
10 59 
Anymore. 
It was a helpless debt.
One couldn’t choose one’s background. 
Nor could one change life or death. 
Once a person died, that was it. 
No matter how much one regretted, one could never 
make amends. 
Lewis, who appeared cold and aloof, actually cared deeply for those around him 
Madeleine once saved his life, so if he just gave up on her like this, Lewis would spend the rest of his life living with guilt toward Madeleine; Keira didn’t want 
that for him. 
Yet Lewis stepped forward, his voice trembling. “But compared to that, I can’t bear to lose you even more.” 
Keira lowered her eyes, smiling. “Lewis, be sensible. You know that this is the best choice for both of us.” 
“I…” 
Suddenly, Keira took a step forward and hugged him tightly. 
This action trapped the words in Lewis’s throat. 
Anymore.
Keira then laughed. “Lewis, don’t be so down. I’m quite used to your domineering demeanor. Besides…” 
Her voice was muffled. “This marriage was bizarre from the start. I always feel like someone is pulling the strings behind the scenes. Maybe if we get a divorce, that person behind the scenes has to show themselves?” 
She said all these words quietly. 
After that, she stood up straight and patted Lewis’s shoulder. “Alright, see you at the courthouse tomorrow. Don’t stand me up.” 
Leaving those words behind, she turned to leave. 
But her arm was tightly grasped by Lewis. 
Keira didn’t look back. 
She was never a coquette, but seeing Madeleine clinging to Lewis’s hand, affectionately calling him “big brother,” it was a lie to say she wasn’t jealous. 
Love was inherently selfish and possessive. 
For a moment, both of them were motionless. 
It wasn’t clear how much time had passed when Lewis 
1? 5? 
Anymore.
finally let go of her hand. 
Only then did Keira leave. 
She hurried into the room next door, her own room. 
And the moment she closed the door, a tear suddenly 
rolled down. 
One must not be too greedy. 
She was accustomed to hardship from a young age, but now, she not only had Lewis but also had Jodie South as a mother… 
Indeed, whatever destiny gave you, it would take something else away. 
Keira got into bed and buried her head deeply into the 
blanket. 
If she had known it would turn out like this, she should 
have controlled herself and not fallen for him… 
She didn’t regret bringing up the divorce because she knew if she hadn’t, he would have been the one to speak up eventually… 
This was better. 
She hadn’t been abandoned; it was she who didn’t 
Anymore 
want him… 
In the room separated from hers by just one wall. 
Lewis stood dazed at the door. 
The way she walked away made him feel an emptiness inside. Irritated, he took off his tie and walked toward 
the balcony. 
The last few days had brought a drop in temperature, and even in Oceanion, the temperature had fallen to 
below zero. 
He took off his coat, now standing there in just his shirt, gazing toward Keira’s room. 
The light in her room was off… 
She might have fallen asleep 
Or perhaps, like him, she couldn’t sleep at all. 
Lewis took out another cigarette. 
Perhaps because the weather was too cold, he noticed his hand was trembling slightly. 
After lighting the cigarette, he took a long drag as if to inhale the harsh flavor into each and every organ…
He choked and coughed a four times and his area 
< 
Anymore 
were wet. 
Something fell onto his hand. 
Lewis glanced at it and gently wiped it away. 
The morning arrived quickly. 
With the light of dawn, Keira opened her eyes. 
She wasn’t sure if she had slept last night; the entire night felt muddled, with the faint sound of coughing next door occasionally reaching her ears. 
But the insulation of old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard was 
excellent. 
She knew it was her imagination. 
She got out of bed and went to the door. 
Lewis was also opening his door, and their eyes met.
There was a clear sign of fatigue under his eyes, 
After a while, Keira showed a small smile. “Good 
morning.” 
Lewis’s lips moved slightly, and he struggled to utter a word, “Morning” 
Anymore. 
Neither of them had much appetite for breakfast. Keira simply said, “Let’s go.” 
Lewis opened his mouth but said nothing, turning around and walking ahead. 
After the two left the room, Fiona came out from behind them, looking anxious as she watched them leave. She then rushed to old Mrs. Horton’s room. “Ma’am, Mr. Lewis and Miss Keira don’t seem too well. I saw Miss Keira holding the marriage certificates; could they be going to get a divorce?” 
Old Mrs. Horton covered her chest at these words, but this time she didn’t throw a tantrum or speak. She just sighed. “Fiona, I can’t force Keira; the brat’s the one who wronged her…” 
Fiona’s eyes reddened upon hearing this. “But she’s such a good wife… If Mr. Lewis misses out on her, he’ll regret it for his entire life!” 
Old Mrs. Horton felt even sadder. “Stop it. We should interfere less in the young people’s affairs!” 
She lay down on her bed, tears trickling from her eyes. She couldn’t help but curse. “That brat!”
< 
Anymore 
Keira followed Lewis to the parking lot. 
Both of them got into the car, and the driver started driving toward the main gate. 
Outside, both the courier from Keira’s company and Horton’s old house had arrived simultaneously. 
R 
10 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 241
As Lewis’s car left, the vehicles from the Horton family’s old house and a delivery van arrived one after 
the other. 
Lewis cast a brief glance at the old house’s car, without 
much concern. 
After all, it was common for Mr. Horton to send people oyer to the old Mrs. Horton with greetings or gifts; they always went directly to her. 
As for the delivery van… 
With over a hundred people residing in the manor, it could be anyone’s delivery. 
His car just brushed past those two vehicles… 
Once he was far away, the door of the car from the old house opened, the driver jumped out, and, watching Lewis’s car, he couldn’t help but ask the gatekeeper, “Was that Mr. Horton who just left?” 
The gatekeeper replied, “Yes!” 
The driver immediately became anxious. “I came here 
to deliver something to him. Where is Mr. Horton 
11.00 
1
( 
going?” 
The gatekeeper scratched his head. “How would I know the master’s business?” 
Realizing he asked the wrong person, the driver immediately got back into the car and headed straight for old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard. 
The delivery van planned to follow but was stopped by the gatekeeper. “Whose delivery is it? You can’t go in just like that.”- 
The delivery person was speechless. 
And just like that, he was abandoned at the gate. 
He thought about it and still sent a message to his boss. “Boss, I delivered your package to Glow Village, 
but Stubborn Five is in Oceanion. I followed the drive 
to Oceanion, to a very wealthy household, and they’re not letting me in.” 
Keira replied to the message very quickly. “Then just head back, no need to wait.” 
She had left a contact number anyway; the big brother would contact her.., right? 
Keira paused slightly. 
– 
1
< 
But she quickly put the matter out of her mind. 
She glanced sideways at Lewis again, noticing that the man’s face was cold, and he hadn’t spoken a word. 
The car soon arrived at the courthouse. 
Keira got out of the car first. “It’s open. Should we go 
in?” 
Lewis didn’t move. 
Keira simply sighed softly and stared straight at him with the car door open. 
After a standoff of about a minute, Lewis finally got 
out of the car. 
Keira walked toward the courthouse and had only taken a couple of steps when she sensed somethin was off. Looking back, she saw Lewis looking up at entrance of the courthouse, seemingly unfamiliar w the place. 
Well, he was in a daze when he came to get his marriage license, so he had completely forgotten about this place. 
She walked up to Lewis’s side, only to hear him say, 
“We can’t get the divorce today.”
11.00 
1 
( 
Keira was startled. “Why not?” 
Had Lewis determined to watch Madeleine die and wouldn’t break up with her? 
Just as that thought crossed her mind, she heard him say, “I forgot to bring the marriage certificate.” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She glanced at Lewis and coughed slightly. “Then let’s go home to get it.” 
Lewis said, “I have a meeting” 
Keira said, “Then let’s do it this afternoon.” 
“I have an engagement this afternoon.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She looked at Lewis with an amused expression,.”M Horton, do you know what you look like right now?” 
Lewis felt somewhat embarrassed under her gaze and coughed guiltily. “What do I look like?” 
“Like a child sulking and throwing a tantrum with their
parents.” 
Lewis looked at her. “So if I throw a tantrum, can you, 
, 
4:11 
“No, I cannot.” 
Keira was frustrated. “Marriage is no child’s play, Lewis. If we don’t get a divorce, when will you solve the problem with Madeleine? I can wait for a month, three months, but can you expect me to wait three or five years?” 
Lewis clenched his jaw. 
If it were possible to cure Madeleine, she would have been cured in those five years… 
And if he refused to see her before she was cured, 
Madeleine would commit suicide… 
Lewis was trapped; in the short term, he either had to watch her die heartlessly, or there was no second option. 
But he couldn’t just watch his lifesaver die, especially 
when her death would be related to him. 
He looked at Keira again.
A carefree woman like Keira was trapped in the Horton family because of this inexplicable marriage. 
If they divorced, perhaps she would truly run away… 
1 
This thought panicked him, and he said, “Keira, I’m really busy today. Let’s come back tomorrow, alright?” 
Keira looked at him intently and finally nodded. “Alright.” 
Lewis handed over the car to her. “You go home first. 
I’ll head to the office…” 
Keira shook her head. “With my current status, it’s not appropriate for me to go back to the Horton 
residence.” 
Lewis was stunned, and he felt even more frustrated. 
He clenched his fists tightly, wanting to say something, but not knowing how to express it, and in the end, he just grunted and got into the car. 
He looked somewhat disheveled. 
Keira watched his car drive away, lowered her eyes, and let out a silent sigh. 
She wanted to say that there’s no need to be so
entangled. 
If the two of them were fated, they would definitely break out of this impasse. 
6.11 
< 
Who knows? Maybe in a year or two, Madeleine’s 
illness might be cured. 
Or perhaps… 
She didn’t continue with the rest of the thought. 
Keira hailed a cab and returned to the Olsen residence. 
Upon entering and just stepping into the living room, she heard Taylor speaking, “If you’re worried, why don’t you give her a call to ask her?” 
Jodie South immediately refused. “Wouldn’t that put pressure on Keira?” 
Keira realized upon hearing this conversation that they had seen the news. 
In these times, journalists were omnipresent. 
It’s truly difficult to keep anything a secret. 
She pushed open the door and walked in.
Jodie South, surprised, said, “Keira, you…” 
“Mom, I’ve decided to get a divorce.” Keira didn’t hide it 
from her. 
No sooner had she spoken than Taylor immediately 
1 
ed. “Ridiculous, how can you just divorce? As a couple, you must face things together!” 
Keira remained silent. 
Taylor felt a hint of embarrassment and looked toward Jodie South, “Shirley, please talk some sense into her.” 
But Jodie South said, “Good, this house will always welcome you!” 
Taylor was taken aback, “Shirley, you…” 
Jodie South looked at him. “There are some things we 
can face together, but with that woman out there, it’s a complicated issue, and one must step out. I don’t want Keira to get hurt in this three-person play. I respect Keira’s choice. Keira, your room upstairs is not yet renovated, so you can sleep with me tonight.” 
When Taylor heard this, he was slightly stunned.
But then it dawned on him that Mrs. Olsen had always been a woman of decisive action. She had always been 
like that… 
As to why she would stay with him, tolerating Poppy… 
It was obviously because she didn’t love him.” 
1 
< 
A trace of mockery flashed through Taylor’s eyes. 
Neither Keira nor Jodie noticed his reaction. Jodie had already taken Keira by the hand and was leading her upstairs. “We have never slept in the same room 
before; tonight, we can also have a good chat.” 
“Sure.” 
Keira suddenly said, “Mom, I want to have the vegetable pasta you make for lunch.” 
Jodie was stunned for a moment, then laughed. “My 
child, the pasta I make isn’t delicious…”
When Keira was a child, Mrs. Olsen used to cook, hoping to be a good wife and mother. 
Yet the pasta she made was once scorned by Isla. 
But Keira, looking on, couldn’t have been more 
envious. 
It was such a simple thing, yet Poppy had never done i 
for her. 
She really wanted to eat the food made by Jodie South. 
She insisted. “But I want to eat it.” 
Jodie was taken aback. “…Okay.” 
11.00 
1 
The mother and daughter spent a day at the Olsen residence, and at noon, Keira got to eat the pasta she had been longing for, and at night, they lay down together. 
Between Keira and Jodie South, the past 22 years didn’t seem to have happened, and they were as close as any ordinary mother and daughter. 
Keira understood that this was Jodie South taking care of her feelings. 
But the closeness between them couldn’t be faked.
That night, lying in bed, she took out her phone again. 
Suddenly, she noticed that she had received a text 
message. 
In the digital age, most people communicate throug WhatsApp or other means, and very few send text 
messages. 
Thus, the majority of the messages in Keira’s inbox were ads and spam. 
So, this particular message was very conspicuous. 
It was from an unfamiliar number, with just one 
sentence. “Do not divorce Lewis.” 
10/11 
How mysterious… 
It had to be the person who had orchestrated their marriage in the first place! 
Keira got up and walked to the balcony. She found the number and dialed it straight away. 
o 
R
10 
> 
###Chapter 242
As soon as the call went through, the other party hung 
1. 
Then a message arrived. “Don’t call. My child has just fallen asleep.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
A child? 
She was a bit confused. 
She had thought the person setting her up must be someone with dark and calculating thoughts, definitely harboring some scheme, but now a child suddenly popped up? 
And in her mind, an image of a flustered woman appeared… 
She replied to the message. “Who are you?” 
The response came quickly. “Keira, I’m only looking out for your best interest. Listen to me, don’t you ever get a divorce! Only Lewis can protect you!” 
Keira frowned. 
<
+24 
Protection? 
She had been in Oceanion for many years, indeed bullied badly by Poppy Hill, but it wasn’t to the extent that she needed protection, right? 
She replied to the message. “I don’t need anyone’s 
protection.” 
The other party replied again. “No, you do. You just don’t know it yet. Keira, I won’t hurt you. You have to believe me! I only have good intentions for you!” 
intentions… 
Keira thought carefully. The matter of marrying Lewis had been approved by old Mrs. Horton, so it didn’t bring her any losses. 
On the contrary, for any normal person, marrying someone like Lewis of the top family would indeed a stroke of incredible luck. 
She wrote, “Tell me who you are.” 
The person replied, “I can’t tell you.” 
Keira started to press for answers. “Then tell me, how do you know that I’m actually Mrs. Olsen’s daughter? If vou knew why didn’t you tell me earlier?” 
-
219 
< 
+24 
This person photoshopped a picture a few years back, informed old Mrs. Horton that Mrs. Olsen was her 
mother, and made old Mrs. Horton remember these 
words. 
But how could she know something even Keira herself 
wasn’t sure about? 
The person wrote, “The later you know, the better for you.” 
Keira was confused. 
She felt incredibly perplexed. 
She sent a direct reply to the message. “If you can’t give me a reasonable explanation, I’ll get a divorce 
tomorrow.” 
The person wrote, “What do I need to do for you t 
believe me?”
Keira was perplexed. Why did it seem as though the one who conspired to marry her off to Lewis without her permission was so innocent and weak?! 
She felt like she was the bad guy! 
Keira continued to message the person. “How did you 
help me get the marriage certificate back then?” 
L 
3:0 
< 
On the day when the marriage certificate was issued, she herself was in the lab, so she couldn’t possibly have been there to get the certificate, and afterward, she had said so to old Mrs. Horton… 
The person who registered the marriage was definitely not her! 
But there was a photo… 
Makeup technology being so advanced nowadays, so could there be an imposter? 
Keira was a bit confused at the moment. 
The other party sent her another message. “This, I can’t explain clearly in a text message. But I’m begging you, you have to believe me. I won’t hurt you!” 
Again, that eerie feeling.
The other party used “I’m begging you” and was clea in a state of desperation. 
Keira seized the opportunity to pressure the person. “I forgot to bring my marriage certificate today, but tomorrow I have arranged to get a divorce with Lewis at the courthouse.” 
The other party wrote. “Why can’t you just believe me? 
< 
Someone like me simply can’t harm anyone… Keira, please don’t get a divorce. Don’t do it!” 
Keira stared at her phone. “If you don’t explain yourself, I won’t believe you! 
The other party didn’t reply promptly this time and seemed to be pondering over something. After a full five minutes, they seemed to finally make up their mind. “I’ll come to see you tomorrow morning. When you see me, you’ll know what’s going on!” 
Keira frowned. 
Tomorrow morning… 
This person knew she was in a hurry, but they wouldn’t come over immediately. Instead, they had to wait until the next morning. Did it mean they weren’t in 
Oceanion?
Keira pondered for a moment and then replied, “Wha time? I have plans at noon.” 
She also had a farewell arranged for the handsome 
uncle! 
The other party replied immediately, “I should arrive by eleven, and I’ll contact you then. Don’t go through 
with the divorce in the morning no matter what! You must wait for me!” 
Keira replied, “Okay.” 
After putting down her phone, she couldn’t sleep. 
Standing on the balcony and gazing into the distance, she felt as though something was drawing nearer and nearer to her… Perhaps tomorrow she’d understand the real reason behind the marriage, but what could 
the secret be? 
As she mused, a noise came from behind her. 
Turning around, she saw her mother get up from the bed, take a shawl, and walk over to her, draping it over
her shoulders. 
A warm sensation enveloped her, also warming her 
heart a little. 
Keira’s expression softened. “Mom, why haven’t you gone to sleep?” 
“Perhaps it’s the excitement of sharing a bed with my daughter for the first time,” Mrs. Olsen looked at her. “Keira, do you really have the heart to go through with 
the divorce?” 
< 
Keira fell silent for a moment. “I don’t.” 
Mrs. Olsen seemed not to have expected such a firm answer and suddenly stepped forward, wrapping her arms around Keira, and resting her head on her 
shoulder. 
Her hand gently patted Keira’s back as she spoke softly. “Keira, love is sweet but also bitter. If you want to cry, go ahead. I won’t laugh at you.” 
Hearing this, Keira’s nose tingled.
The repressed emotions in her heart seemed uncontrollable, overflowing from her chest. 
She hesitated slightly, wanting to say something, but the moment she began to speak, an uncontrollable sob escaped her. 
Immediately after, large tears began to roll down. 
She didn’t know what had overcome her. 
Perhaps it was for her love that had ended without a 
solution. 
Or maybe for the injustices she’d endured over the last 
twenty-two years… 
< 
Unseen by her, a black Bentley was parked outside the 
yard on the street. 
Lewis sat in the backseat quietly. 
The driver didn’t dare to breathe too loudly.
Today, Mr. Horton’s mood was all wrong; after going to the office, he finished all the work he needed to do for 
the week. 
He didn’t return home in the afternoon to deal with 
international affairs but stayed at the Horton Group. 
After work, he didn’t go home but came here instead. 
Yet he remained silent, staring at the Olsen residence… 
Just when the driver felt he was going to go insane, 
Lewis suddenly said, “Let’s go home.” 
The driver sighed with relief 
He started the car, and on the way back to Horton’s, he stole glances at Lewis through the rearview mirror, seeing his boss with closed eyes. 
For some reason, his usually authoritative boss. seemed… pitiable. 
8./9 
The car soon arrived at the Horton residence. 
After getting out of the car, Lewis walked toward Old Mrs. Horton’s yard without saying a word.
As he approached, he saw the driver from Horton’s old house squatting by the gate, looking utterly bored. 
But upon seeing Lewis, he immediately sprang up. “Mr. Horton, you’re finally back! There’s a parcel for you; it was sent to the old house!” 
o 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
图 
###Chapter 243
Ch.24 
Terrible 
243 Someone Looking for You 
243 Someone Looking for You 
The driver from the Horton’s old house had been 
waiting all day.” 
He intended to just hand the delivery to Fiona and leave, but Mr. Horton insisted he deliver it personally 
to Lewis! 
So he ended up waiting all day long. 
Fiona said Lewis usually came back at noon, yet today, of all days, he didn’t come back in time. He arrived by car at midnight the previous night, exhausted out of 
his mind. 
He even dozed off outside under the sun! 
Rubbing his eyes, the driver handed the package to Lewis and immediately went to sleep in the room Fiona had arranged for him! 
Lewis was slightly startled.
He looked down at the package in his hand but felt nothing. 
The courier had made the delivery directly, so there 
was no name written on it. 
13.00 
0 
243 Someone Looking for You 
Lewis simply wondered what had been sent to the old family home… 
He didn’t enter the bedroom with the package but went into his study and sent Tom a message. “Meeting.” 
Busy with international affairs in the afternoon, he hadn’t dealt with company business. 
That night, he was prepared to work overtime, keeping himself busy. 
He didn’t want to leave himself any idle time for unfounded thoughts; only by keeping busy could he feel somewhat better. 
It seemed he might avoid those troubling issues… 
Lewis despised such behavior from himself. 
Yet he couldn’t help but act this way. 
After Tom called for an international meeting, five hours later, everyone was astonished. 
It was 2 a.m. in the morning!
Lewis was normally very health-conscious, not wanting work reports after midnight, and he always 
0 
< 
243 Someone Looking for You 
jogged at a fixed time every morning! 
But today… what was going on? 
It wasn’t until the sky began to light up in the morning that Lewis stopped working, but he didn’t go to sleep. His gaze merely flicked over the package in front of him before he changed his clothes and went out for a 
run. 
Another sleepless night… To be precise, he hadn’t slept in two nights. 
Lewis seemed somewhat more disheveled, and his run 
was somehow less exhilarating. 
The frustration suddenly made him speed up, dashing 
five kilometers at a swift pace! 
Only when he returned to the bedroom drenched in sweat did he step into the shower, as the cold water started flowing, his entire body jolted, and the pain that seemed suppressed deep within erupted
like a valve had been opened forcefully. 
Lewis suddenly looked up, the shower’s water pouring over his face, and his fists tightly clenched. 
11.00 
0 
243 Someone Looking for You 
After taking a shower, Lewis glanced outside at the 
sky. 
It was already 7 a.m. and broad daylight. 
He had an appointment with Keira that day to get their 
divorce. 
Thinking about this, the calm he had just regained. weighed on him once more… 
Keira didn’t sleep well that night either. 
That text message she sent made her feel the situation 
was suddenly unpredictable. 
Who was that stranger? 
Why didn’t they want her to divorce?
Contemplating these issues, her melancholy over the impending divorce faded without her noticing, leaving her in intense contemplation. 
She got dressed and went downstairs. 
Just after breakfast, the nanny came in. “Miss, someone outside wants to see you.” 
0 
243 Someone Looking for You 
Who could it be? 
Could it be the person who sent the text? They did say they would come to see her today… 
But she had arranged to meet the other party at eleven in the morning. Had they arrived early? 
She went outside. 
When she opened the door and saw the woman in front of her, she was slightly taken aback. 
Standing before her was a slender woman in her fifties. She was dressed plainly and probably from the countryside. She stood there timidly and uneasily. 
Was this the person who had sent her the text message? 
No, that wasn’t right… 
Keira suddenly realized that the person who sent her the text message last night said their child had just fallen asleep and needed to be quiet, meaning that the child was still young.
The fifty-year-old in front of her wasn’t that person! 
Just as she thought about this, the woman had already 
11.00 
0 
243 Someone Looking for You 
rushed over, grabbing her arm. “Mrs. Horton, you’re 
Mrs. Horton, right?” 
Keira frowned, “Who are you?” 
“I’m Madeleine’s mother!” 
After the middle-aged woman finished speaking, Keira immediately realized trouble was brewing! 
She blamed herself for not sleeping well the last two 
days, which made her mind a half-beat slower, allowing the woman to seize an opportunity. 
She wanted to retreat and close the door, but the woman had already clung tightly to her clothes, “Mrs. Horton, let’s talk…” 
Keira said indifferently, “I don’t have anything to talk about with you…” 
No sooner had she said this than three or four reporters suddenly popped out from around the corner, all pointing their cameras at her.
One of them said, “Mrs. Horton, I’m live streaming, and the whole internet is following your and Mr. Horton’s situation. We want to know, what exactly is going on?” 
“Did you know he had a girlfriend when you were with 
11.00 
0 
243 
Someone Looking for You 
Mr. Horton? Were you the ‘other woman’ interfering in their relationship?” 
“Mrs. Horton, is Mr. Horton now planning to turn a blind eye to Miss Davis’s life and death? How do you plan to face the reporters and the public? Don’t you feel guilty?” 
“Mrs. Horton, what’s your view on this matter?” 
Keira frowned, looking coldly at the group of people in 
front of her. 
She never cared about public opinion, but these 
people had found her home, which could cause trouble for her mother! 
She said, “Sorry, this is a private matter, and I prefer not to disclose it.” 
Almost as soon as she said that, Madeleine’s mother
knelt in front of Keira! 
She repeatedly knocked her head on the ground until her forehead was bleeding before she stopped. 
The reporters immediately directed their cameras at her face, showcasing the wound. 
Madeleine’s mother cried out, “Mrs. Horton, you’re a 
0 
WW3 Someone Looking for You 
good person, and you come from a good background, but Madeleine has nothing. She doesn’t want money or any benefits. She just wants to be with Mr. Horton… Please, let them be together!” 
After Madeleine’s mother finished speaking, she knocked her head on the ground again with great force. “She’ll die without Mr. Horton. I don’t care if you are the ‘other woman, what exactly is going on between you and Mr. Horton, or who Mr. Horton truly loves. I just want to say that Madeleine saved Mr. Horton’s life when she was little, and he promised to marry her. The state she’s in now is all because of Mr. Horton, so he must take responsibility for her!” 
Keira looked at her and then at the reporters who had already shown sympathy on their faces, and she let out a cold laugh. 
Madeleine had been abused by her parents as a child, which led to her psychological issues. 
Where was this image of a kind-hearted mother coming from? 
This was definitely another ruse from the Horton family’s first branch. 
<
TO 
243 Someone Looking for You 
That Selena just couldn’t let go! 
Meanwhile. 
At the Horton family. 
The driver from Horton’s old house woke up and suddenly realized he had forgotten a very important thing. 
Old Mr. Horton had told him he must inform Lewis 
that the package was for Stubborn Five! 
It was the package he had been waiting for many 
years… 
Remembering this, the driver slapped his head, stood up, walked out, and prepared to find Lewis to deliver the message! 
As he stepped out, he saw Lewis striding toward the parking area. 
The driver immediately quickened his pace, chasing after him while shouting. 
“Mr. Horton! Mr. Horton! Mr. Horton Senior asked me to tell you that the package is the one you’ve been waiting for many years…” 
0
###Chapter 244
Lewis was striding toward his car at this moment.” 
He looked down at his phone. 
On the phone was a live broadcast from the entrance 
of the Olsen residence. 
Madeleine’s mother had driven Keira into a corner! 
Lewis was very anxious, so much so that when he heard the driver’s words, without a second thought, he 
drove away immediately! 
Now, the reporters on the phone were giving Keira a 
hard time. 
“Mrs. Horton, Miss Madeleine’s mother is pleading with you, won’t you say even a word?” 
“That’s a human life; how can you be so cold-hearted?” 
“Do you and Mr. Horton really plan to leave Miss 
Madeleine to die?” 
“Since it was agreed that Miss Madeleine would be married to Mr. Horton, why did Mr. Horton have a change of heart? Was it because you intervened? Mrs.
0 
< 
244 
Stubborn Five 
Horton, don’t you feel guilty? In the dead of night, 
don’t you suddenly feel scared?” 
The reporters’ questions were becoming more and more tricky. 
s of abuse also swept across the live 
broadcast chat. 
“Dammit! A mistress is taking over?” 
“I feel that since you made a promise, you should keep it. How can you abandon her when she is mentally unwell?” 
“Isn’t this the very definition of biting the hand that feeds you?” 
“If Miss Madeleine finds out when she grows up that the person she saved would treat her this way, I wonder if the younger her would still save him!” 
“A real-life version of The Farmer and the Viper story!”
“That’s not even the most important thing! Isn’t the most important thing about Mrs. Horton? She doesn’t say a word. Is she planning to play dead?” 
11.01 
0 
< 
The public’s accusations made Lewis press the accelerator furiously. 
He knew these comments wouldn’t hurt Keira. Her mental resilience had always been strong, but even so, he didn’t want her to be hurt in the slightest. 
He ran red lights and sped all the way. 
He wanted to tell the reporters it wasn’t like that at all. 
He wanted to help clear Keira’s name! 
But just as he was turning a corner, Keira’s distinct, cool voice emerged from the live broadcast. 
“Since you’re all so interested in our private life as a couple, then today I’ll take the time to explain it thoroughly here.” 
Upon hearing this, Lewis frowned. 
Keira was always a woman of few words, not good at explaining. Was she overwhelmed by the pressure today?
As he was pondering, he heard her voice again. 
“Have you ever played house?” 
310 
All the reporters were slightly stunned, and then 
someone answered, “Yes.” 
“When you played house and told a girl you would marry her when you grew up, did you actually marry her when you grew up?” 
The reporters were instantly at a loss. 
Someone reacted quickly, obviously someone arranged by the Horton family’s first branch. “You can’t say it like that. We were just playing, but Mr. Horton and Miss Madeleine’s situation is clearly different. Miss Madeleine saved Mr. Horton’s life!” 
Keira looked at that reporter and smiled. “Yes, she saved his life, didn’t she? So, is it because she saved Mr. Horton’s life that she developed depression?” 
That reporter was speechless. 
Keira then lowered her eyes and continued. “Five years ago when Mr. Horton found her, Madeleine was being beaten by her mother and father, wanting to sell her to someone else as their daughter-in- law. Mrs. Davis, at that time, you certainly didn’t have the love for your daughter that you do now.”
This statement modo Madeleine’s mother choke un 
4:10 
and then she wailed. “I just wanted her to get married. 
I didn’t want her to die!” 
“Do you know how Madeleine’s mental illness came 
about?” 
Keira looked at everyone around her. “You’re all only concerned about whether Mr. Horton abandoned her 
or not, but have you ever thought about the cause of her illness? It’s because of the abuse she suffered from her parents that she lost all hope in life! Lewis could have saved her, but he was merely her medicine! Since when did a person’s death cease to be about holding the executioner accountable and instead become about questioning the medicine?” 
The reporters were stunned into silence once again. 
Keira stepped forward. “Madeleine has been suffering from severe depression and autism for five years. If she had gotten married, what state would she be in now? Either living her days in a daze or she would have already jumped off a building, wouldn’t she? Instead of, as of now, rationally telling everyone that she will die 
without Mr. Horton!”
All the reporters and people watching the live 
11.01 
5010 
broadcast fell silent. 
Keira continued. “Over these years, the amount of money Madeleine spent on treatments both at home and abroad is something an ordinary family cannot 
afford! And when she chose to return to her country, Mr. Horton established a mental hospital here for her! During these five years, whenever she called, Mr. Horton was there at her beck and call… I ask you all, 
who can do that? 
“Now, because Madeleine is gravely ill and attempted suicide, you blame Mr. Horton for the medicine not being administered in time. Why don’t you ask the assailants why they hurt her, making her end up like 
this?!” 
Keira suddenly turned her head towards Madeleine’s mother. “You repeatedly claim it’s for Madeleine’s own good, but are you even fit to be a mother?” 
Madeleine’s mother swallowed hard. “I don’t care, my daughter is about to die now, and it’s because of Mr. Horton. You say I abused my daughter, do you have evidence? Without evidence, don’t talk nonsense
here!” 
6:10 
Keira scoffed. “Everyone on your street knows about you and your husband abusing your child. Just ask any elder, and we’ll find out, right? Evidence is something the police will look for.” 
Madeleine’s mother was caught off guard once again. 
“But you’ve reminded me, I’m going to call the police now and report you for abusing Madeleine, resulting in her mental disorder!” 
Having said that, Keira took out her phone and dialed the police in front of the reporters. 
Holly arrived quickly, filed a case, and arrested 
Madeleine’s mother. 
Madeleine’s mother was terrified, but thinking of the money promised by the Horton family’s first branch, her eyes lit up again as she angrily shouted, “Mrs. Horton, by doing this, are you and Mr. Horton plannin to wash your hands of my daughter completely? There’s a saying, ‘If you save someone, save them all the way.’ Don’t you understand? My daughter saved his life. How can he fall in love with you, a mistress!” 
The other reporters turned their attention back to 
0 
Keira, also asking, “Mrs. Horton, what you said just now made sense, but the problem now is that the medicine can’t stop. What are you and Mr. Horton planning to do?” 
Keira looked at the reporter who had spoken, her gaze 
resolute. 
Meanwhile, Lewis suddenly had a bad feeling and quickly pulled the car over to the roadside. 
After screeching to a halt, he heard the cool voice of a woman coming from the camera. 
“Since everyone is here, I’ll clarify right now. I’m not the mistress, Mr. Horton and I are in a relationship out of free will, and he never dated Madeleine after 
growing up. He just wanted to help her with her treatment. As for the issue of the medicine that concerns everybody the most…’ 
Keira looked toward the camera, her gaze resolute as she stared straight ahead. 
“Don’t worry; the medicine won’t stop because Mr. Horton has chosen to divorce me.” 
Lewis’s heart clenched tightly, and he suddenly found 
it hard to breathe! 
11.03 
8810
< 
She said it… 
She announced it in front of the reporters. 
Lewis slammed his fist onto the steering wheel. 
She’d saved his face, made everyone think he was a good man… 
But he never wanted to be a good man! 
Lewis watched as the reporters left satisfied, as the comments in the live feed praised them… 
After the live broadcast ended, he received a text 
message from her. “Meet me at the courthouse at 2 p.m. Bring all your documents this time.: 
Lewis stared at the message, his eyes bloodshot, and despite the heartache, he managed to reply, “Alright. 
He didn’t remember how he drove the car home. 
He parked the car in the parking lot and saw the driver of the Horton’s old house waiting there. “Mr. Horton, why couldn’t you wait for me and let me finish what I was saying?” 
The driver wiped the sweat from his forehead and sighed. “It’s because of that courier. The old master 
11 01 
0
< 
insisted I tell you that it’s the courier you’ve been 
looking forward to and the one you’ve been waiting for, sent by a person to Stubborn Five!” 
Stubborn Five… 
Lewis was stunned. 
He looked at the driver incredulously, “You said… 
who?” 
1 
R 
10 
> 
Ch.2 
Terrib
###Chapter 245
The name Stubborn Five was one that only Mr. Horton would call him, and there was only one other person 
who would use that name. 
That was the little girl from back then! 
After being abducted by traffickers, he realized they were planning to kill him, so he was extremely secretive about his own name, never even telling that girl. 
He merely said that he was the fifth child at home, and Grandpa called him Stubborn Five. 
But wasn’t the little girl Madeleine? 
When had Madeleine ever sent him a package? 
Lewis looked at the old family’s driver with confusion and asked, “When was this package sent? Did Grandpa forget to give it to me?” 
The driver scratched his head. “No, it arrived the night before last. The old master asked me to rush back here overnight to give it to you personally, saying you 
mentioned before that this package was very 
11.01 
19 
important to you.” 
Arrived the night before last… 
Could it be something Madeleine sent to him before 
she jumped? 
Lewis’s mood suddenly weighed down. 
He lowered his eyes and took a deep sigh, 
“Understood.” 
He entered the study again, his gaze falling on the package… then he walked over and picked up the box. 
He saw that inside was another box, which was tightly and securely wrapped in foam. 
Alongside it was a letter. 
What would Madeleine say in the letter? 
This must be her last words, right? 
Lewis scoffed ironically and threw the letter back on the table. He leaned back in his chair and looked at the marriage certificate on the table. 
In the live broadcast, Keira had said it with such 
determination. 
His reluctance would be futila nouT
> 
He picked up the marriage certificate and looked at the photo on it. 
The girl was shyly smiling at the camera, the mole at the corner of her eye exactly like Keira’s… 
But Lewis suddenly sat upright. 
The girl in the photo wasn’t her! 
Keira’s gaze was always resolute; she had never been this shy and timid. This person could change her appearance to look like Keira, but she couldn’t replicate her essence. 
Lewis clenched his jaw. 
Even if this woman was a fake, legally, this marriage certificate was real… 
As Lewis pondered, the door was knocked. 
He looked up and saw old Mrs. Horton, supported by Fiona, walking in shakily. 
Lewis immediately stood up. “Grandma…” 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed. “Brat, is your wife going to divorce you?” 
Lewis didn’t speak. 
< 
Old Mrs. Horton said, “Brat, some things you must be able to take up and let go. If you can’t resolve Madeleine’s issue, then you can’t drag your wife down. 
Otherwise, what will she do? How awkward is her 
current situation?” 
Lewis clenched his jaw. 
He had never expected that even his grandmother, who would feign illness at just the mention of divorce before, wasn’t supporting him now… 
His mouth opened and closed, wanting to say something, yet not knowing what to say… 
The struggle and pain within his heart were like a monster viciously clawing at his lungs and heart… 
He clenched his fists tightly, his voice hoarse. “Grandma, besides you, I have no blood relatives in th life. She’s the only one I wanted to hold onto. I don’t want to let go…” 
As he finished speaking, old Mrs. Horton had already arrived in front of him, gently patting his shoulder. “Brat, I agree with your wife’s approach. You’re too sentimental. If the person who saved your life were to die like that, you’d never recover for the rest of your 
<
life. It might even become an insurmountable barrier between you and your wife in the future. It’s better to divorce now, set her free, and also give you enough time to deal with Madeleine. 
She smiled faintly. “Don’t be so pessimistic. If you and my granddaughter-in-law are destined to be together, I believe you’ll reunite in the future…” 
Lewis’s expression was cold. “But Grandma, what if she never gives me another chance? What if, after the divorce, she falls in love with someone else?” 
Old Mrs. Horton fell silent for a moment before finally sighing. “That would mean you are fated but not destined to be together. Think it over carefully.” 
She left these words behind and turned to leave. 
The moment the study door closed, Lewis suddenly punched the wall fiercely. 
“Bang!” 
A bloodstain remained on the wall. 
It was then that Lewis turned back to look at the 
marriage certificate on the desk… 
Eventually, he strode over, putting the marriage 
11.01 
59
. 
certificate and ID card all into his pocket. 
There were three hours left until two o’clock in the 
afternoon. 
And in three hours, Keira would no longer be Mrs. 
Horton… 
Lewis chuckled. 
The sound of his laugh was chilling, yet it carried sorrow and helplessness, along with a sense of inevitable despair. 
He leaned back in his chair, suddenly sweeping everything from the desk onto the floor!! 
Then he tightly embraced his head. 
His fists were trembling. 
As luck would have it, the box fell to the ground and suddenly opened, and the jade ring leaped out, rolling on the floor. 
Lewis was slightly startled. 
Following the sound, he looked over and saw the jade ring rolling a few times on the floor before coming to a 
stop…
69 
Upon seeing the jade ring, Lewis’s pupils tightened sharply. 
That jade ring… Wasn’t it said to have been sold by Madeleine’s mother? 
How come it’s here?! 
This jade ring was an heirloom of old Mrs. Horton, considered a family treasure, so when Madeleine said it was sold, he had Tom searched for it over the years. 
If possible, he wanted to buy it back for Grandma. 
After all, Grandma wanted to give this ring to her granddaughter-in-law… 
So how could the suddenly appear? 
Had Tom found it? 
…No, that wasn’t right! 
The ring was sent to the old house along with the 
letter! 
Could it be…
Lewis’s pupils shrank. He quickly pushed back the chair, squatted on the floor, removed the documents, and finally saw the letter he had tossed aside. 
11 01 
< 
With trembling hands, he slowly opened the letter… 
The handwriting wasn’t Madeleine’s but held a strangely familiar feeling. 
That sense of familiarity gave Lewis an incredible 
idea… 
He hastily read through the letter… 
Then upon seeing the signature, he was completely stunned. 
For the letter read: 
“By the way, I had no name when I was little, but now I do. My name is Keira Olsen, and my phone number is 555-xxx-xxx. If you come to Oceanion, I’ll buy you 
lunch.” 
R
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
Terrible 
###Chapter 246
Lewis’s gaze was fixed on that last sentence, on the name and phone number. 
“My name is Keira Olsen…” 
His eyes widened as he suddenly remembered what Keira had said to him in the hospital, that when she was young, she also saved a big brother… 
How had he not thought of it? 
Perhaps that big brother was himself! 
At that moment, Lewis suddenly wanted to laugh, but he couldn’t control the tears welling up in his eyes, feeling as if he had finally seen the way out of a hopeless situation. 
There was no need for divorce now. 
He and Keira could finally be together! 
He took out his cell phone, about to call Keira, but he 
hesitated for a moment. 
He wanted to prepare a surprise for Keira. 
Although both had acknowledged their relationship, 
11.01 
179
< 
he had never actually proposed to her… 
Even the photo on their marriage certificate wasn’t actually her. 
So, he still had to go to the courthouse that afternoon, not to divorce but to change the marriage certificate. 
He wanted to officially register with Keira and to become lifelong partners. 
He called Tom instead. “Help me prepare some things…” 
After he had everything prepared, Tom couldn’t help but hesitate before asking, “Boss, this looks like a marriage proposal. It doesn’t seem like you’re getting a divorce… Are you planning to leave Miss Olsen with a memorable impression even in divorce?” 
Lewis’s response was very short. “Get lost.” 
“Alright then.” 
“Wait.” 
Tom, about to hang up, brought the phone to his ear again. “Boss, any other orders?” 
By now, Lewis had calmed down. 
1101 
( 
He trusted Keira, knowing she wouldn’t joke with him about something like this. 
But he also wondered that if Keira were to ask, how 
should he respond? How did he mistake Madeleine for 
her? 
Lewis frowned, his expression turning serious. “Help me find out exactly how Madeleine fooled us!” 
Initially, when Madeleine lost the token, Lewis suspected whether she was genuine. 
But later, Madeleine not only recounted the details of his time spent with that little girl, but even the lie detector showed no fluctuations. 
That lie detector was among the world’s most advanced devices, which under normal circumstances wouldn’t make mistakes unless the person had 
undergone espionage training. 
Madeleine was a mental patient, so how could she 
have received such training? 
So, what was really going on? 
Upon hearing this, Tom was taken aback. “Boss, what do you mean she fooled us?” 
He suddenly understood. “You mean to say…” 
“Right.” 
Lewis’s voice trembled with excitement. “The person who saved me back then wasn’t her; it was Keira.” 
He had spent the last several days obsessing, pondering over the key to breaking the impasse. 
But he never expected it to be her. 
Thank goodness it was her. 
Half an hour later, Tom relayed the investigation results to Lewis. “I just talked to the attending doctor and had Madeleine undergo another EEG and so on, 
and we found that she hasn’t deceived us at all.” 
Lewis scoffed. “You mean to say that Madeleine was the person from back then? Keira is lying?” 
The chilly foreboding that seeped through the voi made Tom so scared that he immediately said, “It is like that. After a few psychiatrists put the whole thin together, they reached a conclusion.” 
“What?” 
“Madeleine didn’t deceive us, she deceived herself.” 
Lewis was stunned. “What do you mean?” 
Tom sighed. “The doctors said that they had monitored Madeleine’s mental state for many years, and they found that her mental health was already not normal since she was young. Over the years, the reason she could always pass the lie detector test is that… she 
believes she hasn’t lied.” 
“When she was young, she was frequently abused by her parents, so by the time she was trafficked, she was already mentally disturbed. 
“Indeed, Madeleine was kidnapped together with you. 
“Among the group of children, she silently witnessed your interactions with Miss Olsen, saw the mutual redemption between you two and everything Miss Olsen did to help you. She heard the promises you made to Miss Olsen. 
“When she was rescued and returned home, only to be abused by her parents again, she always felt that you would come to save her. 
“Over time, she put herself in Miss Olsen’s place, truly believing that it was she who saved you back then and began to see you as her only salvation. That’s why, 
despite years of treatment, there was no
improvement.” 
Hearing the results of Tom’s investigation, Lewis was slightly taken aback. 
The anger that was originally there suddenly couldn’t find an outlet. 
He had thought that everything was Madeleine’s deception, that he was foolish, and had been tricked for five years without recognizing that she was an imposter. 
But he didn’t expect that it was like this… 
However, this seemed to make everything fall into place. 
Lewis’s expression changed. 
He remembered… 
Among the kidnapped children, there was indeed a dirty little child, and her small face was always hidden under her hair. She always watched him and the little girl in silence… 
Keira was different. 
No matter how bad the environment, every day when Keira woke up, she would wash her face clean… 
The personalities of these two people were completely different, which was why when he first found Madeleine, he sensed something was off.
That’s why he used the lie detector. 
Only at that time, he thought Madeleine’s mental abnormality was due to her condition. 
Now, he just wanted to slap himself. How could he have mixed up the two people?! How could he have mistaken her for someone else? If no mistake was made, if they had found Keira sooner, then maybe Keira wouldn’t have had to suffer so much later in her 
life. 
What was Keira doing five years ago? She left the Olsen family and was working part-time to put her through school… 
Thinking of her numerous part-time jobs, Lewis suddenly clutched his chest, feeling heartbroken. 
Tom cautiously asked, “Boss, what should we do about 
Miss Davis’s situation now?” 
11.02 
< 
It seemed somewhat inhumane to abandon someone with mental illness just like that. 
Lewis was silent for a long time, then finally let out a cold laugh. “When she wakes up, tell her the truth. From now on, her affairs are your responsibility. Her treatment costs should not be interrupted, but I won’t see her again.”
“Yes.” 
Tom said nothing more, for this was already the best 
outcome. 
Elsewhere. 
Keira sent away the reporters and then received another text message. It was from the person fro st night. “Keira, meet me at Fairy Groove Café at 11. 
Keira rushed there immediately. 
As soon as she entered and found a seat, a person appeared in front of her. 
Keira looked up, her pupils slightly constricting. “It’s you.” 
###Chapter 247
The person in front of her was wearing a black baseball cap, black sunglasses, and a black mask. 
She wore a black overcoat with her hands tucked into the pockets, the loose-fitting clothes obscuring her figure. 
One could barely make out that she was a woman. 
Upon hearing Keira’s words, she nodded and sat down opposite Keira. She then said, “It’s me.” 
Keira stared at her face, trying to discern what she looked like. 
But the other party was well-covered, and it suddenly seemed pointless to Keira. “Was it you who impersonated me and married Lewis with a fake identity?” 
The woman nodded. “It was me.” 
Keira leaned back and looked at her casually. “So, who are you, really? Why all the mystery?” 
The woman fell silent for a moment, “Keira, I can’t tell 
you who I am, but I came here to let you know that I 
11.02 
179 
mean you no harm. I truly just want to
“Stop your 
divorce. Only Lewis can protect you.” 
Keira sneered. “Like I said, I don’t need protecting.” 
“No, you do!” 
The woman’s emotional outburst came in a low growl. She slammed on the table, her demeanor intense. She leaned forward. “Keira, you do need it! You have no idea how much danger you’re in!” 
Keira scoffed. “Danger? I grew up safely and soundly, never encountering any real danger.” 
The greatest danger might have been Poppy. 
She nearly didn’t survive Poppy’s beatings several 
times. 
But after leaving the Olsen family, her life had go quite smoothly… 
Keira narrowed her eyes. “Compared to the unkno it seems like you, who hide your face and are afraid show your face, are even more dangerous.” 
The woman tried to convince her. “Keira, I’m not. It’s just not time for you to know yet… that’s why I can’t tell you.” 
– 
“Oh?” Keira remained firm. “If you don’t want to talk, forget it. I have an appointment to divorce Lewis, sorry, but I have to leave.” 
She stood up to leave, but the woman rushed to grab her arm in desperation. “Keira!” 
Keira turned around. 
Pressed into a corner, the woman seemed to have 
made up her mind, and she took off her sunglasses and mask without further ado! 
Upon seeing that face, Keira’s pupils shrank slightly! 
eyes, 
The woman had a pair of gentle and timid her expression cautious and tentative, mixed with fear. 
That face was identical to Keira’s! 
The only difference was that she didn’t have a m the corner of her eye. 
Keira frowned. “Who are you?” 
The woman immediately donned the mask and sunglasses again and then pleaded. “Please believe what I say, Keira. I won’t harm you!” 
But Keira kept staring at her intently. “Who are you, 
11.02 
exactly?” 
The woman bit her lip and finally said, “I am your twin 
sister!” 
Keira’s eyes widened in shock. “What?” 
The woman gripped Keira’s hand and pulled her into the private room. Then she looked around anxiously before carefully closing the door. 
It was only then that she took off the mask, sunglasses, and even her hat. 
Her dark hair cascaded down. 
The woman in front of Keira lacked some of the 
firmness of Keira and seemed visibly nervous and 
uneasy. 
Whatever she had experienced seemed to have ler extremely frightened. 
Keira asked, “What’s going on? Didn’t Mom only gi birth to just me back then?” 
Tears rolled down the woman’s face. “No, Mom was pregnant with twins. I was born with no breath, and Taylor threw me away without telling Mom, afraid that it would upset her…” 
Keira was taken aback. “You mean Mrs. Olsen doesn’t know she had twins?”
“Correct, she never knew, and you were switched with 
Isla!” 
Keira frowned. “How could that be? Didn’t Mom have prenatal checkups?” 
The woman shook her head, “Mom has never had a prenatal checkup.” 
Keira felt something was amiss and asked again, “Then how do you know all this?” 
“Know what? That she’s our Mom? Or that you are my sister, that I also have a family?” 
Just as Keira was about to speak, the woman gestured with her hand. “I can’t say, Keira. I can’t tell you w know, otherwise, my child will be in danger.” 
Her child… 
Keira remembered the woman’s message from last night, saying her child had just fallen asleep… 
The woman grasped her hand. “Keira, I’m your biological sister. I wouldn’t harm you. Please believe 
me! I swear!” 
Keira narrowed her eyes. “Then swear on your child.” 
Since yesterday, Keira knew that the woman’s Achilles heel was her child, which was why she made such a 
request.
But unexpectedly, the woman didn’t hesitate at all. “I can swear on my child that I have absolutely no intention to harm you! I discouraged you from divorce for your own good! If I’m lying, may my child…” 
She trailed off, struggle flashing in her eyes. 
It was a normal mother’s reaction. 
Her unhesitating oath indicated she wasn’t lying. 
And when it came to her child’s misfortune, she 
couldn’t bear to voice it… 
Keira’s trust in her grew a little, “Alright, there’s no need to say more.” 
She asked, “Is your child a girl or a boy?” 
Upon hearing this, the woman instantly showed a tender expression, smiling kindly as she took out her phone. She entered the lock screen password. “It’s my 
daughter’s birthday.” 
11.02 
< 
Then she opened her photo album and handed it to Keira. “Keira, this is my daughter Amy. You’re her aunt.”
In the photo, a little girl around two or three years old looked very cute, her beautiful eyes gazing at the 
camera. 
Perhaps there really was a blood connection, for when Keira saw the child, her heartbeat quickened slightly. 
A sense of inexplicable intimacy welled up inside her. 
She looked at the woman again. 
Intuition told her the woman hadn’t deceived her. 
There were secrets about Jodie South, and Keira had always been aware of that. 
The absence of prenatal checkups during pregnancy 
was plausible… 
As for what followed, the sister being discarded and her being swapped, all these might be inseparably linked to Taylor! 
While Keira was contemplating this, the woman turned off her phone and looked at her again. “Keira, do you believe me now? I truly wouldn’t harm you. You 
mustn’t divorce…”
No divorce… 
Keira’s eyes darkened. 
If possible, she too wouldn’t want a divorce. 
But given the circumstances, Lewis had essentially already made a choice. 
She glanced down at her own phone, where a message from Lewis a few minutes earlier read, “Keira, 2 p.m., 
the courthouse. You must come.” 
She looked down with a bitter smile, her heart aching 
slightly. 
With things the way they were now, how could she not 
divorce? 
Meanwhile, her phone vibrated. 
She picked it up and saw that it was a message from Mrs. Olsen, “Aren’t you meeting a handsome uncle at Fragrance Hall at twelve? I’m heading out first to wait for you there. Come after you’re done with your 
business.” 
Keira promptly replied, “Room 8. If you get there first, 
1102
8.9 
go right in.” 
Having sent that message, a message from that handsome uncle arrived. “Little friend, I’m in room 8. When will you be here?” 
Keira immediately replied, “Please wait. My mom will come by first to entertain you on my behalf.” 
After replying to messages from both sides, she finally turned her attention back to the sister in front of her. 
R 
10 
###Chapter 248
Keira looked at the woman in front of her and asked, “What’s your name?” 
The woman hesitated for a moment and then chuckled bitterly before speaking. “Speaking of names, there’s also a coincidence. My name is Keethrina South.” 
Keira was taken aback. “South?” 
She actually shared the same surname as Mrs. Olsen. 
Was this a coincidence? Or…? 
The woman nodded, “My surname is South, and Keethrina is my first name. It was fine when I was little, but as I grew up, everyone started calling me 
Keera.” 
Keera… Keira… 
No wonder her sister said they were fated. 
The woman in front of her had clear eyes, and the look she gave Keira was so tender that it was hard for Keira not to feel her goodwill. 
From her childhood, she had been strong-minded and 
11.02 
0 
(
resilient, without any defense against this kind of 
soft-hearted woman. 
Just as Keira was about to speak, Keera said, “Keira, I’ve told you everything I can. Can you trust me now?” 
Her eyes were timid, filled with urgency. 
Keira pursed her lips and nodded slightly. 
Keera’s face lit up. “Then don’t go get a divorce!” 
But Keira just chuckled bitterly. “At this point, the marriage is no longer under my control.” 
Keera was stunned. “Is there really no room for 
reconciliation?” 
“No.” 
Keira lowered her gaze, a hint of sadness flashing 
her eyes. 
Just yesterday, Lewis had tried to weasel out of it, insisting he didn’t have the documents despite having brought them. 
Yet just now, he had taken the initiative to send her a 
message.
The bitter smile faded from Keira’s face, and she lifted 
0 
her head only to see Keera’s expression filled with anxious worry as if danger was impending. 
She couldn’t help but ask, “What exactly are you afraid 
of?” 
Keera nervously clenched and unclenched her fingers, releasing and then gripping again… 
After several repetitions, she seemed on the verge of 
tears. “I, I can’t say…” 
Keira frowned and then glanced at the time. It was getting closer to when she had arranged to have lunch with the handsome uncle, and she looked at Keera. “Will you come with me to see Mom?” 
Upon hearing this, Keera immediately shook her head. 
She hurriedly put on her mask and hat, a trace of disappointment in her eyes. “I can’t go. If I meet he it’ll put her in danger. Keira, remember, there are dangers in this world that you can’t even imagine waiting for you. Beg Lewis one more time. If it’s possible not to get a divorce, don’t do it. If he 
disagrees, you can go find old Mrs. Horton, she likes 
you…”
Keera was on the verge of tears as if she was mired in 
0 
despair, but the next moment, Keira’s warm hand 
grasped her wrist. 
Keera halted, and she looked toward Keira. 
Keira then said, “Don’t be scared. There will always be a way, and everything will work out in the end. I’ll remember your warning.” 
Keera’s panic gradually subsided under her resolute 
gaze. 
Keira continued. “I don’t know what troubles you have, but if you need help, you can tell me.” 
Keera opened her mouth to speak, but in the end, she just patted Keira on the shoulder. “Keira, I’m the older sister. I should be the one to protect you.” 
Upon hearing these words, Keira felt a warmth in 
heart. 
This delicate woman actually said she would protect 
her…
She patted Keera on the shoulder, smiled, and looked down. “Okay, then… thank you, Sister.” 
The word “sister” made Keera flush. 
11.02 
0 
She shyly lowered her head. “No, there’s no need to 
thank me.” 
Then, seeing how Keira kept glancing at the time, Keera said, “You have things to do, you should go. I 
also need to rush home.” 
She checked the time and said, “I have to pick up my daughter from school at five in the afternoon.” 
Keira nodded. “Alright, you go first.” 
“See you.” 
Elsewhere. 
Outside the courthouse. 
Tom brought all the things Lewis had asked for. As soon as the car stopped, he saw his boss standing at the front of the parking lot waiting for him. 
Upon seeing Tom, Lewis immediately walked over. “Have you brought everything?”
Tom said, “Boss, if I remember correctly, didn’t you schedule to meet with Keira at two in the afternoon, 
not at noon?” 
0 
It was only eleven-thirty now, so what was the rush?! 
Lewis glanced at him indifferently and walked directly to the back of his car, opened the trunk, and then said, “Stop talking and just bring the things over.” 
Tom immediately carried two boxes over. “Boss, I specifically asked when I bought these. They can decorate it for you. Just drive your car over, and this…” 
“It’s more meaningful to do it myself.” 
Lewis answered briefly and then opened the box to look at the white and pink balloons inside. 
He took out an air pump and started inflating each balloon. He then took out double-sided tape to 
connect them together. 
While inflating the balloons, Lewis thought about the surprise set-up in the trunk he had seen online. 
A smile crept onto the corner of his lips. 
“I wonder if Keira will be surprised when she sees all 
these romantic settings.
“With her boldness, surprises are likely out of the 
question. 
– 
6:10 
“Only delight, right?” 
With this thought, Lewis blew up the balloons with even more vigor. When he had enough, he finally stood up and took out a box from his pocket. 
He opened the box. 
Inside, there was the jade ring. 
He hung the ring on a red string and then tied it to a balloon. The balloon was a helium one, capable of floating in the air. 
He placed the balloon in the trunk, locking it into the lid of the trunk. 
In this way, once the trunk was opened, one could see a trunk full of pink and white balloons, beautiful rose and some lights… 
Thinking of this, Lewis cleared his throat and said, “Your big brother is here to pick you up and take you 
home.” 
After saying this, he chuckled softly.
He felt somewhat embarrassed. 
Lewis sighed quietly to himself and then suddenly 
0 
realized something. He slowly turned his head and saw Tom and the driver standing not too far away, looking at him as if they had seen a ghost. 
As he looked at them, Tom and the driver immediately shifted their gaze in the most obvious manner of guilty 
parties. 
Tom said, “Hey, guess what? I suddenly had ringing in my ears just now. I didn’t hear a thing.” 
The driver seemed particularly simple and honest. “Mr. Davis, do you have ringing in your ears? I just had a sudden onset of deafness! I have to go to the hospital after work to get it checked out!” 
Tom thought, “You win!” 
Lewis didn’t know what to say. 
Fragrance Hall. 
Uncle Olsen was sitting in Room 8, with Ellis accompanying him. 
The two of them quietly stared at the door of the private room.
0 
Uncle Olsen glanced at the time; it was already noon. 
It seemed like his young friend 
–
going to be late. 
Outside. 
Mrs. Olsen got out of her own car. She looked at the name Fragrance Hall and smiled faintly as she entered and headed toward private Room 8. 
Her head was bowed, and she debated inwardly 
whether to wait for Keira… 
But upon looking at the time and realizing Keira was already late, as a mother, she should entertain the 
guest to some extent. She couldn’t let the guest wait too long in the private room; it would be too impolite. 
Thus, Mrs. Olsen pushed the door open… 
Inside the room.
Upon hearing the door open, Uncle Olsen paused f moment and then looked up. As soon as he saw that familiar figure at the door, a figure that appeared countless times in his dreams, he was stunned!! 
He swiftly pulled back his chair and stood up. 
When Mrs. Olsen saw him, her pupils contracted 
slightly! 
0 
After more than twenty years, age had left its mark on Uncle Olsen, but he still looked the same as in her 
memories! 
R 
10 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 249
Uncle Olsen watched Mrs. Olsen without moving. 
After more than twenty years, they had become the most familiar strangers. 
For a moment, neither of them spoke. 
It was Ellis who coughed and broke the silence, “Mrs. Olsen, what brings you here?” 
When Mrs. Olsen heard this, her eyes darkened slightly. 
She suddenly realized that Uncle Olsen in front of her 
was the handsome uncle that Keira had mentioned. 
Her fingers tightened slightly. 
He had seen Keira’s face, hadn’t he? 
If he knew that Keira was her daughter, then he would 
know… 
Just as she thought of this, Mrs. Olsen’s cell phone rang. She took it out, glanced at it, and intended to hang up, but when she saw Keira’s name marked on the screen, she answered the call. She was about to 
2
< 
ask Keira’s whereabouts when an electronic voice 
came from the other end. 
“We have your daughter.” 
Mrs. Olsen’s pupils contracted. “What?” 
“I’ve sent you the location.” 
After saying this, the person on the other end hung up. 
Mrs. Olsen was startled, looked down at her phone, 
and indeed saw GPS coordinates. As soon as she saw 
the location, she became extremely nervous! 
It was out at sea!! 
Uncle Olsen saw the sudden change in Mrs. Olsen’s complexion, thinking she had seen him and that it had upset her. Just as he was about to speak, he saw Mrs. Olsen dialing 911 with trembling hands. “Hello, I want to report a kidnapping. My daughter has been abducted!” 
She said this as she turned around abruptly and left the private room. 
Uncle Olsen followed without hesitation and asked, “What’s going on?” 
2 
Mrs. Olsen knew this wasn’t the time for false pride. 
She turned to Uncle Olsen immediately. “You have to help me…” 
Keira woke up suddenly with a start. 
Her heart raced, and her breathing was rapid! 
She took deep breaths only to realize she was bound on a ship! 
A faint scent still lingered at the tip of her nose, 
making her head foggy, but recalling the scene before 
she fainted… 
Keira frowned. 
Keera was off to pick up her child, so she wanted leave first. When Keira was sending Keera off an just opened the door of the private room, a strang and intense fragrance wafted in… 
Afterward, she knew nothing. 
Now… 
Keira surveyed her surroundings with furrowed brows. 
Keera was opposite her, handcuffed to a steel bar on
2 
< 
the ship, still unconscious on the ground. 
Keira turned her head to see her own hands also 
cuffed. 
Water was slowly seeping into the ship’s hold, and visibly, the ship was sinking toward the ocean floor!! 
Through the window, one could see the water surface was about to submerge the entire ship, meaning the air in the cabin was becoming increasingly thin… 
Keira knew that if she didn’t escape within a minute, she might be buried at sea! 
She immediately turned back to look at her hands. 
Then without hesitation, she broke a finger joint, her face turning pale with pain, but her groggy brain suddenly became crystal clear at that moment. 
She quickly freed her entire hand from the handcuffs and without taking the time to heal herself, she rushed over to Keera. “Wake up, wake up!” 
Keera came back groggily.
Upon seeing the situation, her pupils contracted, and she immediately cried out, “It’s them! They must have 
come for us! They want to kill us!” 
2 
Keira looked at her hands. “Who are they?” 
Although Keira had been enslaved by Poppy since she was young, often doing hard labor, her hands had been well cared for in recent years, becoming much more 
slender. 
Thus she was able to escape from the handcuffs. 
However, Keera’s hands were, for some reason, thicker 
at the joints as if they were toughened by heavy labor. Even if her joints were dislocated, she couldn’t break 
free. 
Keira could only look around and hastily grabbed a stick, ready to break the handcuffs! 
Keera, however, was talking in panicked confusion. “I’m already such a mess, and my life is so miserable. Why won’t they let me go? No, it’s you they want to kill, Keira, it’s you… It was me who came to find you, who led them here… It was I who exposed you!”
Tears rolled down her face as she cried uncontrollably. 
But Keira didn’t waste words; instead, she lifted the 
stick and struck the handcuffs hard! 
There was a loud “clang!” and the handcuffs merely 
11.03 
2 
bent without breaking. 
Keira raised the stick and struck again! 
“Clang!” 
“Clang!” 
“Clang!” 
The handcuffs were deformed but didn’t show any signs of breaking. 
Instead, Keira, exerting herself, found her breathing becoming ragged, struggling to breathe. 
Keera also found it difficult to breathe. 
She looked outside the window and saw the entire ship had completely sunk under the water. If they didn’t find a way to leave now, they were likely to drown!
Keera turned to Keira immediately. “Keira, stop saving me. You need to get out of here quickly!” 
Keira didn’t pay attention to her and continued to hammer at the handcuffs. 
To escape now, they must break the boat’s window, but doing so would undoubtedly flood the interior. If 
11.03 
2 
Keera’s handcuffs aren’t opened, her escape would mean Keera’s death! 
Seeing her determination, Keera’s eyes reddened. “Keira, listen to me, go! I’m trash and a waste not worth saving. If you delay any longer, we’ll both die!” 
Keira frowned upon hearing this. “How are you not worth saving? Think about your husband and child; they are still waiting at home for you!” 
“Husband…” – 
Keera slumped down in the boat with a wry smile, “My husband, he deceived me. He had an affair, and I can’t even divorce… My life is such a failure. Someone like me may as well just die!” 
“Shut up!” Seeing her completely devoid of the will live, Keira frowned and said, “What about your daughter? What will happen to Amy if you die? The other woman will move in openly, taking over your house, sleeping with your husband, and abusing your daughter! Would you trust your daughter with her?!” 
These words ignited a fighting spirit in Keera’s eyes, and she sat up straight. “Right, right, I can’t die. I still have my daughter… Amy is waiting for me to come
2 
home!” 
After she said this, she looked at her hand. 
The handcuffs were too sturdy and impossible to 
break. 
She bit her lip and suddenly said, “Keira, smash my 
hand instead!” 
Keira was taken aback. 
Keera said, “The handcuffs are made of steel bars and are impossible to break. We’re out of time. Strike my wrist and crush my hand!” 
Keira bit her lip hard. 
Keira’s gaze fell on her slender wrist, then she looked back outside. The water had completely submerge the boat, and water was pouring into the cabin frantically; they would soon run out of oxygen. 
This might be the only way!! 
She clenched her fist tightly.
“Don’t hesitate! Keira, I’d rather lose an arm than leave Amy without a mother!” 
Keera’s words made Keira take a deep breath. 
11.03 
2 
< 
“…Spread out your palm.” 
Keira obediently spread her palm on the pipe, turned her head to the side, closed her eyes, and trembled 
slightly… 
Unable to bear it, Keira gripped the stick tightly in her hands and then violently struck at her hand! 
“Bang!” 
Keira let out a muffled grunt. 
But the expected intense pain didn’t come from her wrist; instead, her little finger was in excruciating 
pain… 
Looking over, she saw her little finger crushed, and Keira picked up her hand. With two “snap” sounds, dislocated the joints and then twisted her hand ou 
the handcuffs.
That way, she preserved Keera’s hand; it was only the little finger that was ruined. 
This was much better than Keera had anticipated and didn’t bring much inconvenience to her life. 
“Get up.” 
2 
Keira grabbed Keera’s arm then pulled her up and immediately went to the side window. 
She looked at the stick in her hands again and found a weak point on the window, striking down hard! 
“Bang!” 
The glass shattered in response, and the water outside rushed in immediately. 
The furniture inside the boat floated and rushed 
toward them. Keira suffered several cuts, but at such a critical moment, she didn’t care about those and urgently grabbed Keera’s hand. Together, they struggled and escaped through the window!! 
They swam upward with all their strength… 
Trying to surface… 
But just as they were about to see the sunlight, all o Keira’s strength seemed to be suddenly drained away. 
Her vision began to darken in waves…
That was bad! 
Keira screamed inwardly. It was time for her infusion! But she had been trapped here and had exerted 
10/12 
herself for so long; now she must be severely anemic… 
She tried to keep herself alert, but it was no use. 
Her body abruptly lost control and began to sink… 
Keira struggled, trying to reach out for something, but caught nothing. 
She only saw Keera swimming away. She seemed to realize something was wrong as she looked back in the 
water. 
Her delicate face froze when she saw Keira’s situation. 
A moment of hesitation flashed in her eyes. 
But that lasted only for a moment before she made her choice. She turned back around and swam upward 
again! 
Keira stared blankly at her.
That was how it should be… 
They had been underwater, lacking oxygen for too long. If Keera turned back to save her, both would die! 
She had a daughter… 
A relieved smile appeared on Keira’s lips. 
11/12 
240 redemption 
She didn’t blame Keera… If anyone was to blame, it was that inexplicable assassin… 
Keira felt so tired, so very tired… 
She slowly closed her eyes, feeling her body gradually sinking in the water… 
Sinking… 
Suddenly! 
A hand firmly grasped her wrist! 
Leave the best comment for this chapter 
Volo
10 
. 
Averate 
> 
###Chapter 250
Keira opened her eyes in shock and saw Keera’s face, rendered excessively pale by pain. 
The two couldn’t speak in the water. 
Yet, there was a resolute expression in Keera’s fragile look. 
It was only at this moment that Keira finally realized Keera had swum up earlier to catch her breath! 
After grabbing her, Keera continued to swim upward! 
But Keera was somewhat weak. 
After swimming for a while, she realized that she 
simply couldn’t reach the surface while dragging Keira 
with her… 
Seeing 
Her 
Correction 
Share > 
Her sister had turned back for her, and that was
already enough! 
She struggled to wave her hands in the water, signaling 
to Keera. 
I save, 
Get yourself up!” 
However, Keera shook her head and pointed upward 
2 
0 
250 S&RD 
with her maimed hand. “If we leave, we leave together!” 
Keira’s eyes reddened slightly. 
She wanted to gesture something more, but she had already exhausted all her strength helping both of them escape from the ship, so she could only watch as Keera stubbornly pulled her hand, bit by bit, toward 
the surface of the water… 
“Splash!” 
Both of their heads emerged. 
Keira gasped for air, but she felt heavy, as though she was still sinking.
She was slipping in and out of consciousness. 
All she could see around her was water, boundless and endless, and she couldn’t see the shore anywhere as she bobbed up and down in the water. 
She managed to discern that this must be the sea near Oceanion, only they were already very, very far away… 
In her daze, she saw Keera drag her steadily to the 
side. 
240 
260 Seter 
The weakness brought on by anemia, along with the feeling of total exhaustion, made everything before Keira darken as if her vision was blurring. 
It sounded like there was water in her ears too, and 
there was nothing but a buzzing noise… 
“Keira, how are you holding up? Keep it together! You can’t let anything happen to you!” 
Keera’s voice faintly flitted in and out of her ears. 
“Keira, don’t die, it’s all my fault! I shouldn’t have come 
to see you… I brought those people…”
Keera sobbed, her heavy breathing was right beside 
Keira’s ear. 
“You can’t die! I can’t let you die!” 
eira could feel Keera’s strength waning. As she sank into the water again only to be pushed up by Keera, Keira heard her voice. “Keira, look, there’s a plank of wood over there. We might be saved!” 
Keira couldn’t see the plank clearly. 
Her vision was darkening. 
The last shred of reason kept her consciousness clear. 
0 
She felt herself being pushed onto a wooden plank in the water by Keera, time and again… 
She wanted to tell her not to worry about her anymore, for Keera to climb up herself, as she could feel that Keera had no strength left! 
But she didn’t have the strength to open her mouth. 
She wanted to push Keera away, but couldn’t even muster the energy to lift her fingers… 
Keera never gave up. 
Again and again, she pushed her onto the wooden plank, which kept slipping away from underneath her…
Not knowing how long it took, Keira only felt as if it had been a long as a century, yet it also seemed like 
only a 
nds had passed… 
Fir 
a managed to get her onto the wooden ting on the surface of the water. 
g her head to the side, she could see the joy on a’s face. She wanted to reach out to pull Keera up but she was utterly immobile. 
With a sigh of relief, Keera appeared to let go, but she no longer had the strength to climb un herself. 
A hint of sorrow flashed in her eyes. 
“Take good care of little Amy…” 
Leaving behind only these words, Keera suddenly sank. 
Keira wanted to save her, but she couldn’t muster any strength at all! 
Sister! 
She watched helplessly as Keera sank below the water’s surface. Inside, she was struggling, raging, wanting to do something, but what met her was a vast expanse of darkness: 
A drop of tear rolled down her cheek.
Floating on the surface of the water, unable to 
eplenish her iron levels in time, she would be greeted y shock and death. 
Keira’s eyes snapped open. 
Just a second ago, she had been floating on the water, but now she found herself lying on a soft, large bed. 
It seemed like only the blink of an eye had passed 
between then and now. 
Only… 
Keira frowned as she looked around the room. 
The room had a pastoral feel to it, with a bedspread of small, scattered flowers, and it was bright. When she turned her head, however, she saw a little girl lying 
next to her. 
The girl seemed to sense something and slowly opened her eyes. 
Upon seeing Keira, the little one burst into tears. 
“Mommy, Mommy, you’re awake! You’re not dead! You didn’t abandon Amy!” 
Amy…
Keira was htly taken aback; wasn’t this Keera’s daug 
as still stunned, the little one had already out of bed and, barefoot, ran into the living After a while, she came back, trotting with a s of water in hand, which she offered to Keira. 
Mommy, drink some water. If you drink water, does that mean you won’t leave Amy?” 
6:10 
The child’s voice weighed heavily on Keira’s heart. 
She moved her fingers and found she had regained some strength; she slowly sat up, surveying her surroundings. 
Was this… Keera’s home? 
Was she being mistaken for Keera? 
She asked, “Amy, how long have I… been asleep?” Little Amy answered, “Mommy, you’ve been asleep for two days. You were found in the swimming pool. You almost died. A kind uncle took you to the hospital. Daddy said you wouldn’t die. He told you to come home…” 
Keira frowned. 
g pool? 
ncle…. 
looked down at her hand and noticed the mark of an IV injection.
After moving her body, she felt strength returning, indicating someone had indeed replenished her iron in 
time! 
Suddenly, Keira recalled that after being pushed onto the plank by Keera, she seemed to have seen a boat approaching… 
Since she was rescued, then surely Keera was rescued as well, right? 
She looked around, trying to find her phone to call Oceanion… 
Before she could locate her phone, the door was pushed open, and a man in his mid-twenties strode in. 
He had a somewhat feminine appearance and looked at Keira with eyes full of mockery and disdain. 
Amy hid behind Keira and whispered softly, “Daddy.” 
This man was Keera’s husband? 
As soon a 
and. 
he 
y!”
ra realized this, she saw the man sneer much as glancing at Amy, he said to p just in time! Get ready. We’re leaving 
rowned. 
then said, “Mommy is sick. Uncle said she needs rest well. Daddy, can we not let Mommy go out?” 
The man scoffed. “She isn’t dead yet, is she?” 
Then, looking outside, he called, “Mom, come here and help her pack some clothes!” 
Following his words, a middle-aged woman walked in grumbling, “Such bad luck. Why do I have to pack for her? Can’t she do it herself?” 
This was Keera’s mother-in-law. 
She turned directly to the man. “Howard, you spoil her too much!” 
The man named Howard laughed. “Mom, we’re in a hurry, right? Let’s not delay our departure!” 
Howard’s mother frowned. “Where are we rushing off to so urgently?” 
oward smiled. “I just heard about something. It’s said that the head of the Horton family in Oceanion, Lewis Horton’s wife, has died. We’re going to attend her funeral. It’ll be a good opportunity to meet some influential people!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira’s pupils contracted sharply! 
She looked at Howard in disbelief, asking
subconsciously. “Who did you sav?!” 
###Chapter 251
No, it couldn’t be… 
It wasn’t like that! 
“My sister, she couldn’t possibly be dead!” 
Keira looked straight at Howard, her voice trembling. “Mrs. Horton passed away?” 
Howard glanced at her and sneered. “Why are you so worked up? It’s as if you knew Mrs. Horton…” 
Howard’s mother immediately asked, “The Horton family? The number one prestigious family in Oceanion? Weren’t they saying the family head is quite young? How could she just die?” 
Howard immediately said, “I heard she was kidnapped, thrown into the sea, and drowned alive. I also heard that when the body was recovered, it was all bloated! It seemed to have been in the water for a full 20 hours!” 
“What a pity, to finally marry into a wealthy family only to have such a short life. Howard, can our family attend this kind of funeral? We don’t really know the 
No, it couldn’t be… 
It wasn’t like that! 
“My sister, she couldn’t possibly be dead!”
Keira looked straight at Howard, her voice trembling. “Mrs. Horton passed away?” 
Howard glanced at her and sneered. “Why are you so worked up? It’s as if you knew Mrs. Horton…” 
Howard’s mother immediately asked, “The Horton family? The number one prestigious family in Oceanion? Weren’t they saying the family head is quite young? How could she just die?” 
ard immediately said, “I heard she was kidnapped, own into the sea, and drowned alive. I also heard that when the body was recovered, it was all bloated! It seemed to have been in the water for a full 20 hours!” 
“What a pity, to finally marry into a wealthy family only to have such a short life. Howard, can our family attend this kind of funeral? We don’t really know the 
Horton family, do we?” 
Howard immediately said, “Mom, you’re silly. There’s 
no reason to turn away visitors at a funeral. I heard that Mrs. Horton was from an ordinary background, so at that time, we could just say Keera was her classmate, and we came to offer our condolences upon hearing the news. Wouldn’t we be able to get in then?” Howard’s mother immediately got excited. “I was wondering why you insisted on bringing this jinx; so that’s the reason. But why say Keera was her 
classmate? Wouldn’t it be more convenient to say you were her classmate to get closer?” 
“Keera and Mrs. Horton are the same age. I’m three years older than them!” 
After sayi
t, Howard looked at Keira. “What are 
Hurry up!” 
you w 
H 
Keira’s wrist. 
wned and dodged, “Don’t touch me!” 
ard sneered. “Keera, you’re my wife, and you won’t me touch you?!” 
Keira looked steadily at him, “I’m not Keera.” 
Howard immediately started sizing her up, but after a look, he sneered, “Keera, what tricks are you playing now? If you’re not Keera, then who could you be?! Get up!” 
After saying that, he stepped forward again, grabbed Keira’s hair, and jerked it forcefully! 
Keira subconsciously tried to strike back, grabbing his wrist to throw him over her shoulder, but suddenly realized she hadn’t regained her strength; her hands couldn’t muster any force. 
She was dragged down from the bed by Howard and fell straight to the ground. 
“Mommy, Mommy!” Amy immediately rushed over. She 
front of her, stretched out her arms toward 
and shouted, “Daddy is a bad man! Don’t you touch Mommy!”
Howard sneered but ignored her and said to the middle-aged woman. “Mom, hurry up and help her get ready. I’ll go start the car!” 
Howard’s mother cursed as she opened the wardrobe, 
carolasalu arahhing a four alothan and throwing them 
on the bed. “Elsewhere, having a daughter-in-law means blessings, but Howard married you! What a misery indeed! I have to serve you, this jinx, and that little loser too!” 
…marrying into a family… 
Keira keenly caught those words, but her fingers were held by a soft little hand; she looked up to meet Amy’s gaze, “Mommy, does it hurt? I’ll blow on it and it won’t hurt…” 
The little one puffed up her cheeks and blew on her head. 
This gesture made Keira sad. 
She hurried to her feet. 
At this moment, Howard’s mother came over, 
inten 
fo 
open the other side of the wardrobe, but was somewhat in the way. 
ediately kicked Amy in the buttocks. “Move
You costly good-for-nothing! Can’t you see I’m 
ng to get some clothes?!” 
my stumbled and fell to the ground. 
Keira immediately helped the child up, only to see a 
bruise forming on her arm. The little one’s eyes welled úp with tears, but she dared not let them fall. 
Keira immediately glared at Howard’s mother. 
Howard’s mother sneered. “What are you looking at? Who hasn’t fallen down when they were little?” 
Leaving that comment, she then turned to Amy. “Cry, cry, cry! That’s all you know how to do. If you dare cry again, you’ll see how I beat you!” 
Those words frightened Amy into hiccupping sobs, as 
she stammered, “Amy won’t cry, won’t cry…” 
Then the tiny figure trembled slightly, widened her eyes, and slowly lowered her head. 
Keira followed her gaze and realized that a two-year-old child couldn’t control their bladder yet, s her pants slowly became wet and dampened the floor beneath her. 
Keira had never cared for children before, and just as she was about to say something comforting, Howard’s mother’s roaring voice came over/ “Who let you wet yourself?! You useless trash! How shameless can you
be!” 
=) 
Amy’s face twitched as large tears rolled down. 
Howard’s mother immediately extended her hand to slap her. “Swallow those tears! Who allowed you to cry? Do you feel wronged? What do you have to feel sad about? This jinx has been lying in bed for two days now, and it’s all been me taking care of you. Even a dog knows not to pee indoors, how are you worse than a dog!” 
“Smack!” 
Keira grabbed her wrist to stop her from hitting the child, feeling full of rage. 
Amy was only two, still a child who understood nothing! 
‘s mother-in-law was simply terrible! 
yes dark and menacing, she stared at Howard’s 
ther. “Don’t hit the child!” 
Howard’s mother, however, effortlessly threw her off 
and angrily said, “Jinx, you think you can control me? Believe it or not, I’ll beat you too!” 
Keira’s gaze grew icy. “You wouldn’t dare!” 
Howard’s mother sneered. “Why wouldn’t I dare?
< 
You’re my daughter-in-law, so what if I hit you?” 
She seemed brazen and careless, appearing as if this 
wasn’t the first time she had been violent! 
Shaking with anger, Keira hadn’t expected her sister to 
be bullied to this extent by a loutish man and his 
mother! 
She took a deep breath, “I’ve said it, I’m not Keera! If you dare touch me, I’ll make you regret it!” 
Howard’s mother sneered, “Keera, have you lost your mind? To come out with such nonsense, if you’re not 
Keera, then tell me, who are you?!” 
Keira was about to state her name when the door was pushed open again, and Howard appeared outside, 
patient. “What’s wrong now? All this crying and
motion! Are you ready to go? Hurry up and get in he car. Today, they’re sending the body for cremation! Any slower, and we’ll miss it!” 
Howard’s mother cursed. “Isn’t it all because of this 
jinx? She’s saying she’s not Keera, and then there’s this 
liability who wets her pants again!” 
Howard then sneered at Keira. “You don’t want to help, 
do you? Keera do you think I can’t deal with 
79 
you?” 
After saying that, he picked up Amy and quickly walked out. “Follow me if you still want your daughter!” 
Keira was shocked. 
Narrowing her eyes, she glared at Howard from behind. 
After a moment of hesitation, she followed. 
Since they didn’t believe what she said, then she would go to the Horton family, let Lewis teach this mother and son a lesson! 
She would take the chance to see Mrs. Horton’s…
body. 
Sh refused to believe that her sister had died just like 
mment 1 
10 
80 
251 Sho’s Not Keera 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 252
Keira followed behind Howard and only realized it was a small villa after they exited the door.” 
There was a seven-seater van parked in front of the villa, worth about a hundred thousand. 
With no family driver, Howard tossed Amy onto the back seat before taking his place behind the wheel. 
From this, it could be inferred that the Keera family belonged to the middle class, with a stable income, but not much. They had a slightly above-average lifestyle. 
But they were not from a wealthy family. 
As she pondered, she saw Howard’s mother catch up. 
he threw her luggage in the back and sat down in the 
assenger seat. 
Howard looked at Keira impatiently. “Aren’t you getting in the car yet?” 
Keira looked down quietly, got in the car, and sat in the back, holding the terrified and trembling Amy. 
She rummaged through her luggage for a clean pair of pants, helped Amy change into them, put her in 
diapers, and then placed Amy in the safety seat next to 
her.
Amy sobbed, not daring to make a sound. 
Keira felt around in her pocket and pulled out a mobile phone. 
She turned on the screen and saw a photo of Keera and Amy together. 
This was Keera’s mobile phone… 
Keira paused slightly, finally having the time to sort through the events that had happened. 
After chatting with Keera in the restaurant’s private room, she was knocked out by a strange fragrance, and when she woke up, she and Keera were on a sunken shin 
at time, her and Keera’s luggage seemed not to be the boat. 
After that, the two of them struggled desperately, escaped, and finally, when Keera pushed her onto a plank, it was certain that she had no mobile phone on 
her! 
Later, Keera sank into the depths, a big ship came 
279 
along, and after Keira was saved, she completely passed out. 
When she woke up again, she had become Keera. 
Her sister’s phone was in her pocket…
Amy mentioned the doctor, who had administered iron 
to Keira so she wouldn’t die of iron-deficiency anemia. She also said that Keira had fainted in a swimming pool… 
All of this was very strange! 
At the time, Keera had said, “It’s them. It must be them 
who found us! They want to kill us!” 
She also said, “I’m already in such a wretched state. My life is so miserable. Why won’t they let me go? No, no, they want to kill you, Keira, it’s you… It was me who 
who brought them here… It was me who 
a!” 
cam 
owned. 
it was the “they” mentioned by Keera who wanted kill her? But for some reason, they mistook her for Keera and spared her life! 
No, that wasn’t right. If that was the case, then after 
knocking them out, they could have just tied her up on the sunken ship. There was no need to bring Keera as 
well! 
Moreover, she and Keera had a very distinctive feature on their faces, the mole at the corner of their eyes! 
A discerning person could tell they weren’t the same 
person. 
So, who was behind the scenes? 
Who wanted to kill them? 
And who saved them?! 
How exactly did she end up at Keera’s home? 
All of it was like a tangled mess, making Keira’s mind muddled, unable to think clearly. 
K 
a deep breath and looked at the mobile 
her hand. 
thought of Keera’s original boot-up password when Keera said, “It’s Amy’s birthday.” Keira immediately turned to Amy. “Amy, when is your birthday?” 
Amy said, “Mommy, it’s June 26th.”
0 
Keira promptly entered “0626” on the lock screen, and sure enough, she unlocked the phone! 
She opened Keera’s text messages only to find the inbox empty, not even a single spam message. 
But her sister had clearly exchanged messages with 
her… 
So, her sister would delete each message after sending 
one? 
Keira then opened her sister’s WhatsApp, but aside from some daily life chats, there were no clues either. 
Keira threw the phone aside, disappointed. 
Howard was driving and didn’t notice her action. 
Howard’s mother, however, was sitting in the 
ger seat, looking at her through the rearview r, and upon seeing this, she sneered. “The mpany belongs to you, and Howard is helping you make money. Why do you look so reluctant? Why is it so hard for you to do something when asked?” 
Howard gave a snort. “Keera doesn’t like socializing.
She felt it was beneath her!” 
“Beneath her? Acting as if she’s some kind of noble 
heiress? She even dared to get you to join her family through marriage, boasting herself so highly, but in the end, it’s just a small company-does it even make two million a year in profit?” 
Howard’s mother looked toward Howard. “You marrying into the family was such a loss! She must have deceived you!” 
Keira narrowed her eyes, countering sarcastically, “Howard, did Keera really deceive you when you got 
married?” 
Howard choked, changing the topic. “Enough! Why bring up the past?” 
Seeing his reaction, Keira knew she had guessed correctly. 
Although she didn’t have much contact with Keera, she 
a gentle and kind woman. 
The year she took a husband into the family, she surely must have made her family circumstances clear to Howard! 
She had already checked; the place they were in was Clance, and although the small villa was in the 
suburbs it was still worth twenty million.
If the company’s annual income was two million, that would be enough to support their family expenses. 
Keera had no reason to exaggerate when she wanted to take a husband into the family. 
Howard’s mother was relentless. “Keera, when we get to the Horton’s home later, make sure you behave well. Don’t be cold to everyone. Otherwise, what’s the point of Howard taking you out to socialize?! Remember 
that!” 
Keira looked down. 
“Look, there’s that deadpan face again!” Howard’s mother complained to Howard. “Useless in everything! She just knows how to make me angry!” 
hi 
Howard coffed. “Mom, don’t worry. She comes from a 
ckground and has never seen what a real amily is like. She thinks she’s the best. Such a a well! Once she sees the luxury of the Horton ly, she’ll know how to ingratiate herself with thers!” 
Howard’s mother heard this and laughed, looking at Keira. “That’s right. She’s always cooped up at home. How could she be worldly?” 
11374
Their ridicule didn’t bother Keira in the slightest. 
They soon arrived at the Horton residence. 
Outside the Horton residence, white cloth hung everywhere, and many had come to pay their respects. 
The car hadn’t even entered yet, as the road outside was already clogged with vehicles. 
Howard could only slowly move forward with the flow 
of traffic… 
Howard’s mother stared enviously at the large estate ahead. “My God, is this entire community owned by the Hortons? Their family is so wealthy!” 
Howard’s eyes also shone, “Yeah, it’s also my first time seeing such an illustrious household. Today is a rare opportunity to have a look inside.” 
Keir 
down, in no mood to admire the scene. She wished she could sprout wings and fly only wanting to know if that body was indeed 
ster… 
1
10 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 253
Seeing that she wasn’t looking around everywhere, but seemed to be making a fuss over nothing, Howard became angry, “Keera, let me tell you, if you don’t behave later, don’t blame me for not being polite to 
you!” 
No sooner had he spoken than Amy, who had been asleep for most of the trip and had just woken up, immediately said, “Daddy, don’t hit Mommy!” 
Keira’s gaze sharpened in an instant upon hearing this. 
And thinking back to how, back at home, Howard would casually grab her hair… 
So, this scumbag was also domestically abusing her 
sis 
clenched tightly. 
ard snorted. “I won’t hit her if that’s what you want, but then you need to make sure your mother 
listens and behaves herself later.” 
Amy immediately looked at Keira with a nervous expression. “Mommy, if you listen, Daddy won’t hit 
you…” 
Amy had a pair of pretty eyes, very similar to hers, and there was a flash of timidity and panic in them when she spoke, which was especially heart-wrenching. 
Keira touched her head. “Don’t worry, Amy, no one will ever hit… Mommy again in the future.” 
She didn’t want to tell the little child that her mother 
might have already passed away… 
Howard’s mother just scoffed. “Oh, that sounds so 
scary.” 
Howard paid her no attention. 
There was a bit of a queue, and Howard’s car was stuck 
at the entrance. 
A rumbling noise came from Amy’s stomach, clearly 
ind 
unger. 
wned, realizing for the first time that in the six hours since they arrived in Oceanion, she dn’t given Amy anything to eat. 
Although she had never raised a child, she understood 
that even adults would suffer if they went without food for so long, let alone children.
218 
Keira asked, “Is there anything to eat?” 
“I’m hungry too. There’s some in the luggage, just look for it,” said Howard’s mother 
Keira nodded and rummaged through to find a few packets of spicy snacks. 
Howard’s mother immediately took them and started 
sharing with Howard after opening the bag. 
Both loved spicy food because of where they came 
from. 
Keira watched them devour the snacks, rummaged through the bag again, and found only a can of milk powder and nothing else suitable for a child to eat. 
She frowned. “How do you mix the milk powder?” 
Howard’ 
but 
her scoffed. “Of course with warm water, 
any water in the car!”
ne a little angry. “Then why didn’t you bring er for Amy?” 
wasn’t the child’s mother and had no experience in king care of children. She had been rushed into the car by Howard, but Howard’s mother was Amy’s 
grandmother!! 
1137 
Yet, Howard’s mother defiantly said, “You’re always the one preparing hot water for the child, so how should I know? Besides, if a small child goes hungry, they just go hungry… Missing one méal won’t kill them!” 
This response infuriated Keira even more, and she 
asked, “When did Amy last eat? Did she have 
breakfast?” 
This question startled Howard’s mother. 
Keira immediately realized something. “Did she not eat? What about last night?” 
Howard’s mother guiltily stuffed the snacks in her mouth and quickly retorted. “I’m not the child’s 
mother. How would I know!” 
Kei was shocked.
dn’t eat last night either?! 
one immediately looked toward Amy, only to see the child clutching her stomach, trying hard to suck on her fingers, yet not daring to cry out in hunger. 
But her little face was pale, and sweat was beading on her forehead. 
That was a symptom of low blood sugar! 
Keira immediately said, “She needs to eat something right away. If there’s only baby formula in the car… I’ll go to Horton’s house to get hot water.” 
After saying that, she was about to get out of the car. 
But the car door clicked as it locked. 
Howard turned his head back and said harshly, “What are you making a fuss about? We’re here to attend Mrs. Horton’s funeral. Bringing the child with you, isn’t that asking for trouble? If the Horton family drives us out, what do we do then?” 
Howard’s mother also said urgently, “Exactly, a child won’t die from skipping a couple of meals! Why do you have to cause a scene in front of the Horton 
residence? We’re only here to attend the funeral out of 
we get kicked out because of you, wouldn’t me for nothing?” 
cour 
eyes were sharp. “Amy has low blood sugar. Is fe less important to you than a funeral?!”
Howard glanced at her. “It’s just low blood sugar. She won’t die! If she’s really starving, let her eat some chips!” 
Howard’s mother also conffed “A girl and a hurdan at 
158 
that, if she’s gone, she’s gone. It’s just as well. She won’t have to compete with Howard’s son for the inheritance in the future!” 
Keira was so angry at these words that she was about to explode. 
But she didn’t have the energy to fight with them now. She only glanced forward and suddenly shouted, “A 
mouse!” 
This word indeed startled Howard’s mother. She nearly jumped out of the car. “Where is it? Open the door and let me get out!” 
Howard was also spooked and unbuckled his seatbelt, subconsciously opening the car door. 
Keira immediately pushed the door open, took the 
ottle, and got out of the car, striding toward the ay of the Horton house.
was then that Howard realized he had been tricked. He quickly followed after her and grabbed hold of Keira’s hand. “What are you doing?” 
Keira looked at him, “I’m going to get hot water!” 
“I told you, no!” 
Howard lowered his voice and roared, “Doing this will make the Horton family think we’re insincere! Are you trying to mess up my opportunity here?!” 
Keira said with scorn. “Let go, or else, I’ll start shouting 
for help!” 
“You…” 
Howard was furious, “Keera, don’t force me to get physical with you right here!” 
Keira’s gaze grew icy. “You wouldn’t dare!” 
Howard stepped forward, grabbing her arm tightly. “What wouldn’t I dare? Do you really think you’re some wealthy heiress? Keera, take a good look at where we are, okay? Stop deluding yourself. This is what a real wealthy family looks like. In front of the Horton family, 
you? 
ount to nothing! You better behave 
y
ying that, he started dragging Keira toward the 
eira immediately struggled. “Let me go!” 
Her feeble body made her feel stifled. This was the most humiliated she had felt since she left the Olsen 
family! 
The commotion caught the attention of Tom, who was at the doorway greeting the guests. 
Dressed in a black suit with a white bouquet in the pocket, he strode over. He saw Keira and Howard pulling at each other and immediately furrowed his brows. “What’s going on?!” 
Upon hearing this familiar voice, Keira’s face lit up. 
She immediately turned her head! 
R Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
Ratc 
quality 
11.37) 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 254
? 
Vehicles bustled around them.” 
When Keira turned her head to look over, Howard had already grabbed her arm, giving her a wary glance. 
But Keira didn’t speak; instead, she calmly looked at 
Tom. 
Seeing her determined attitude, Howard tried to please Tom with a smile. “You must be Mr. Davis, right? Sorry, we came from Clance to pay our respects, and 
the child wanted milk, but we had no hot water… The child’s mother here… she was looking to see if you had any water in the house…” 
Keira didn’t offer any further explanation, just quietly watching Tom. 
To her surprise, Tom glanced at her only briefly before immediately saying, “The Horton family has plenty of hot water. Shall I get someone to bring it over to you?” 
Keira frowned slightly. 
What did Tom mean by that? 
He didn’t recognize her? 
<
? 
Keira was full of confusion and was about to say something, but then she closed her mouth. 
At this moment, countless doubts surged up in her heart, making her exceedingly cautious! 
Upon further thought, the truth of her marriage had been suddenly revealed, and out of the blue, she had gained a twin sister. 
And soon after Keera met her, they both faced a deadly 
threat! 
This indicated that the “they” Keera spoke of, who wanted to kill them, had been surveilling her all along. 
Did Tom perceive something? Was that why he didn’t dare acknowledge her? 
While she was lost in her thoughts, Howard, in fear, immediately gestured with his hands, his posture very humble. “Please don’t bother. I’ll just go with you to get 
some!” 
After saying that, he snatched the feeding bottle from Keira’s hand, about to have Keira wait in the car when a honking sound came from within the line of cars. 
Howard turned around to see that the cars up front 
? 
had moved, but theirs was still stationary.
And the cars they were blocking were all expensive luxury cars. How could Howard dare to delay? 
Tom also frowned and asked. “Whose car is that?” 
He immediately smiled at Tom in a placating manner. “Mine. It’s mine. I’ll go start it right now…” 
Tom said impatiently, “Then let your wife come with me to get the water!” 
On hearing this, Howard glanced at Keira. 
He was somewhat worried as he said, “Why don’t I have my mother accompany her? She just got injured a couple of days ago…” 
Howard’s mother immediately came down from the passenger seat, smiled at Tom in a fawning manner, and then grabbed Keira’s arm. “Mr. Davis, let’s go…” 
Tom +1 
ok the two of them to the gatehouse. 
ouse had a water dispenser. 
ce they arrived, Keira began to fill the bottle, and while Howard’s mother wanted to ingratiate herself with Tom, his serious expression made her hesitate to 
? 
eak. 
she busied herself looking around, Keira sird suddenly proached Tom and asked quietly, “What’s tit’s the itation?”
that euestion, she saw Tom frown in confusiónsion, 
hehepa puzzled look, “What?” 
wasps perplexed. 
id 
ras momomentarily taken aback and was about toit to ?methinging else when Howard’s mother came overover ptly, seizedzed her arm, and said in a cautious tone,one, t are you doidoing? Don’t speak nonsense!”” 
>ing Keira’s hanand, she said to Tom, “Mr. Davis, we, we appreciate yourour help. We’ll head back to the car car 
stared at Tom but savsaw him merely nod at them.m. ize then turned blablank as he looked ahead, his tched with deep painain. 
felt confused as she wasvas dragged out of the ity guard’s lounge by Howard’s mother, while still ng back to look at Tomom. 
s she was utterly confused and dd didn’t understand 
11.37 
d 
? 
why Tom didn’t recognize her, Howard’s mother sneered. “What were you just doing? You were trying to cozy up to Mr. Davis, and not even looking at the time! Didn’t Howard tell you on the way here? I
heard Mr. Davis and Mrs. Horton are very close, friends even. He’s in pain right now, so why are you shamelessly butting in?” 
After speaking, Howard’s mother released her arm and scoffed. “Howard said you pretend to be aloof and dislike socializing, but it seems you’re not averse to mingling. You just haven’t seen a real affluent family before, have you? When you finally do, you still fawn over them. 
“You should take a good look at yourself in the mirror. Have you seen what you look like right now? You still have the nerve to approach people! At least wash your face clean, won’t you? Aren’t you embarrassed?” 
Disdainfully curling her lip, Howard’s mother returned to the car with Keira. 
On the contrary, Keira was slightly taken aback when she heard this. 
“Wash my face?” 
< 
? 
Subconsciously, she pulled out her cell phone, using the black screen as a mirror to take a quick look, and then froze on the spot. 
No wonder Tom didn’t recognize her. Her face was 
entirely purple, obviously coated with a thick layer of gentian violet, making her face nearly 
unrecognizable… 
Only then did she remember, when she had escaped from the underwater boat, floating debris had struck her body, and there were some cuts on her face, so the solution was applied for disinfection.
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Had she been overthinking things all this while, pondering so much, only for it to come to this? 
“What are you standing there for? Get in the car!” 
After ” 
the car, Howard’s mother 
ed at Keira, and when she approached, 
s mother tossed her a wet wipe, “Wipe that 
ce of yours clean! Don’t embarrass yourself here any longer!” 
didn’t refuse. 
< 
? 
After getting in the car, she first mixed some formula 
milk for Amy and handed it to her, then using the phone, wiped the solution off her face. 
The purple solution must have been applied by a nurse in the hospital two days ago 
Having been comatose for the past two days with no one to clean her face, it took her a long while to wipe off, leaving some traces, but she could at least make out her original appearance somewhat. 
As she was doing this, Howard had already driven into the Horton estate.
Security was directing them to park their car in the parking lot, and following Howard, Keira walked toward the main house where the funeral hall was set 
up… 
The fur 
I was arranged inside the main house. 
es were clerks handling the matters related 
ral contributions. 
Everyone queued to donate condolence money before going to the funeral hall to mourn… 
aving been fed, Amy soon fell asleep, and Howard 
<? 
asked his mother to stay with her in the car without coming down. He and Keira approached the 
accountant’s desk. 
Handling the ledger for the Horton family was the 
household’s butler. 
The butler’s eyes were also slightly red as he buried his head in the accounting, and Keira and Howard quickly queued up in front of him. 
Howard was a bit nervous and coughed before saying to Keira, “Keera, you’ve never seen this kind of thing before, right? Don’t be nervous. Just say you’re a classmate of Mrs. Horton’s when it’s our turn…”
He whispered instructions, and finally, it was their 
turn. 
The butler asked, “May I know who you are?” 
Toward immediately nudged Keira. 
ira gave him a glance and said softly, “Keera.” 
When the butler heard the name, he was slightly stunned and subconsciously looked up. Seeing Keira, the butler became utterly bewildered, staring at Keira in disbelief, “You, you… Mrs. Horton?” 
? 
R 
Leave the first comment to this chapter. 
10 
>
3 
###Chapter 255
Keira’s face still had iodine that hadn’t been 
completely wiped off, giving her skin a dark, sallow 
tone. 
But seeing her facial features, the butler felt he couldn’t have possibly mistaken them! 
While he was still shocked, Howard had already handed over a bundle of condolence money and said guiltily, “My wife, Keera, was a high school classmate of 
Horton. Hearing of Mrs. Horton’s tragic passing, insisted on coming to pay her respects.” 
After that, he dragged Keira toward the mourning hall. 
The butler stood there dumbfounded. He then looked 
down at the money handed over by Howard, which 
bore the wo 
school classmate Keera”. 
sn’t Mrs. Horton but her high school 
ne butler rubbed his eyes, wondering if he could have 
taken. 
urned around wanting to look closer, only to see
that woman had already blended into the crowd and disappeared into the mourning hall. 
The butler decided he definitely must have been 
mistaken. 
The mourning hall was set up in the middle of the main house, a spacious area that made it convenient for everyone to view the body and offer incense to the deceased. 
No sooner had Keira entered with Howard than her gaze fell upon the coffin. 
The coffin was placed at the front, with people blocking the way, not allowing anyone to approach. 
A person nearby explained, “Mrs. Horton fell into the sea and 
bloated from the soaking. Her face decayed beyond recognition, so they’re anyone see her face… they decided not to 
Se 
an open casket.” 
Hearing this, Keira staggered. 
Ploated? 
clenched her fists. 
Her gaze swept over the crowd in the mourning hall.
She saw Oliver and Melissa from the first branch of the family greeting outsiders, their faces displaying sorrow, but their eyes betrayed a gleam of something else. 
Next to them, Jake looked genuinely grieving, his eyes vacant, seemingly truly heartbroken for her. 
Keira withdrew her gaze, attempting to find other 
familiar faces. 
She didn’t see Mrs. Olsen… 
With Mrs. Olsen’s health condition, she must not have been able to withstand the pain of losing a daughter. Had she fainted again? 
But where was Lewis? 
Just as she thought of this, she heard Melissa explaining to the mourners. Alas, Lewis was so grief- stricken that he refused to acknowledge that the deceased was his wife. Now, he’s hiding in his room, refusing to come out and give his wife her final 
send-off…” 
Upon these words, the people around started- 
255 Lewis. I’m Not Dead 
whispering among themselves. 
+35 
“Mr. Horton really loved his wife deeply, and he’s going to such lengths for Mrs. Horton…”
“But I really feel that’s not right. Mrs. Horton’s body is 
in such a state that it would be better to bury her sooner rather than later. His sentimentality is getting in the way…” 
“I always thought Mr. Horton was a rational man, but I ard that he hasn’t even been to the Horton Group ese past couple of days. Everything’s being arranged by Mr. Davis…” 
Listening to these conversations, Keira lowered her 
gaze. 
Howard, next+ 
011 
as already schmoozing with cing her. 
turned around and walked out of the 
ing hall. 
re an earthy hue, like a country woman ned in the countryside, with the iodine ully washed off. 
Wearing clothes that weren’t her usual style, all in the gentle styles of Keera, barely anyone recognized Keira on her way here. 
She quickly turned into old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard. 
Most of the servants were over at the main house helping out.
At the moment, Fiona was chatting with another 
nanny. 
Fiona, with a dolorous expression, asked, “Has the master not eaten yet?” 
The other nodded, “Yeah, ever since the lady’s body was fished up, Mr. Horton has been beside himself…” 
Fiona wiped away her tears. “He’s deeply emotional. Old Mrs. Horton is also sick with sorrow. Gosh!” 
As they talked, they walked away. 
Keira thought for a moment. She then headed to the small building in the backyard and went straight up to the second floor, jumping onto the balcony of Lewis’s bedroom. 
Through the glass window, she saw the man curled up, 
leaning on the couch. 
+35 
255 Lewis. I’m Not Dead 
he room was thick with the smell of smoke, and the oor littered with cigarette butts. 
ewis clenched his fists, his eyes vacant. 
e was reminded yet again of two days before, how he iotically waited at the courthouse until 2 p.m., 3 
m…. 
eira was late, yet he somehow felt relief.
eira’s absence meant she couldn’t bear to divorce im, right? 
ut what he never expected was to eventually receive ews of her death! 
He couldn’t believe it and rushed to the seaside, only o see Mrs. Olsen standing there, flanked by Uncle Olsen and Taylor. 
The salvage crew kept searching back and forth in the 
water. 
At that instant, he felt his legs go weak! 
Every time the salvage crew surfaced, he hoped for news yet feared it at the same time. 
It had been over ten hours since the shipwreck… No 
one could survive at sea for that long! 
Keira must have been swept away by the current to 
another shore… She could swim! 
But a sentence from Samuel shattered his last 
defenses. 
Samuel, pacing anxiously beside him, muttered to himself, “It’s over. My boss is supposed to have her infusion today… She was meant to have it yesterday, but because of the divorce scheduled for that afternoon, it was postponed to tonight…” 
Divorce…
Lewis staggered! 
If only he hadn’t been stubborn on the first day and if 
the divorce h 
ceeded smoothly, would Keira have 
gotter 
she had fallen into the sea, there could 
een a chance for her to survive… 
Just as Lewis thought about this, the salvage crew had 
wollen corpse, unrecognizable, was brought to the surface… 
255 Lewis I’m Not Dead 
As Lewis thought about this, his heart felt as if it had been pierced by thousands of arrows, pain spreading 
from his chest. 
But these past two days, he had grown accustomed to the pain. 
Holding his chest, he lit another cigarette. 
Fiona’s knock came from outside the door. “Sir, Madam’s body is being taken to the funeral home. Aren’t you coming out to see it off?” 
The always refined and gentlemanly man suddenly looked up.
Lewis’s eyes reddened. He grabbed the ashtray from the coffee table and hurled it toward the door. 
“Bang!” 
to the floor. 
ad!!” 
ared, “Get out! That’s not Keira! Keira isn’t 
na heard this, she let out a silent sigh. “Sir, 
the door. Old Mrs. Horton has arrived.” 
Lewis still didn’t move. 
Old Mrs. Horton’s trembling voice came from outside. “Brat, your wife always cared for her dignity while she was alive. She valued propriety. Now, look at her, bloated and decomposing at home, do you understand how unsightly that is? Do you really want her to leave this world so disgracefully?!” 
That somehow struck a chord with Lewis. 
The usually composed man buried his head in his knees. He hugged his head with both hands, and a muffled voice came out. “Grandmother, that’s not Keira. My gut tells me, that’s not her!” 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed, “I know it doesn’t look like herself anymore, but the police have taken her DNA and done the tests. Brat, face the reality!” 
These words caused Keira, standing on the balcony, to feel a sudden twinge in her chest.
When she heard people couldn’t recognize the body, she held onto a sliver of hope, but now reality crushed 
1. 
Her sister looked so much like her; they must have been identical twins, hence the DNA would be 99.9% 
similar! 
So, the corpse was truly her sister? 
Keira, coming to this conclusion, saw Lewis clenching his fist and slamming it onto the marble floor… 
“Bang!” 
Blood seeped out, staining the ground. 
127 
In agony, Lewis said, “Grandmother, stop… that’s not 
her!” 
There was a pause from outside before old Mrs. 
Horton spoke again, “Brat, one must learn to let go and face reality in life. Running away like this disrespects your wife. Open the door, come out, and properly see off your wife on her last journey!” 
These words made Lewis’s fists tremble.
Bowing his head, he slowly knelt to the ground. 
Watchin him, Keira felt her heart break into pieces. 
ed out of the shadows and gently tapped the 
door of the balcony. 
“Lewis, don’t be sad. I’m not dead.” 
0 
RE 
10 
> 
图 
Terrible
###Chapter 256
The room was very quiet, so Keira’s knocking became very distinct. @ 
Lewis paused for a moment. 
He seemed to have heard Keira’s voice… 
Although he knew it was wishful thinking, perhaps even a fantasy, since he had experienced this several times over the past few days. 
Yet, he still looked up happily toward the balcony. 
Indeed, through the glass door, the balcony was 
empty. 
Lewis furrowed his brows and slowly straightened up, 
toward the balcony. 
ne balcony. 
at that moment, Keira’s mouth was covered by someone, and she was hiding to the side, struggling with all her might but unable to exert any strength! 
Just then, she caught a glimpse of Lewis, who seemed to walk toward her. Keira’s eyes brightened slightly. 
111
She stretched out her foot, ready to kick the flowerpot 
next to her. 
As long as she made a noise, Lewis would definitely come out and see her! 
But just as her foot touched the flowerpot, the person behind her suddenly lowered their voice and said, “I mean no harm. I just want to remind you of something. Keira was killed by you, and if you still want to kill Lewis, then go ahead and meet him!” 
Keira stiffened upon hearing these words! 
The foot she had extended remained suspended in 
mid-air. 
What did they mean Keira was killed by her… did they mistake her for Keera? 
S lled Keera waking up on the boat, crying as d, “…Keira, it was I who came looking for you, 
them here… It was I who exposed you!” 
sed… 
, the danger wasn’t brought by Keera. It had always been there! 
Keera once explained that the reason she 
24 
impersonated her and registered the marriage with 
Lewis was to protect her… saying someone wanted to kill them… 
At the time, she didn’t believe it. 
This was a society governed by laws; how could it be possible? 
But now, Keera was truly dead! 
Keira herself had almost died! 
An unknown danger had always existed, only she hadn’t known… 
Keira felt that the person behind her had no malicious intent; otherwise, they could have easily stabbed her with the state her body was in right now. There was no 
or them to say these things. 
stopped struggling, and the person behind her owly let go of her. 
Neither of them spoke. They could feel Lewis watching from the room toward the balcony for a long, long time. Finally, Lewis turned around and went back to where he had been. 
The person behind her breathed a sigh of relief, and 
23/99 
then, in the instant Keira turned her head, the jumped down from the balcony.
person 
Keira only saw a figure in a black cap and black mask blending into the crowd that had come from the main hall… 
Keira didn’t chase after the person. 
She looked once more toward the balcony door. 
Even though that person had said those words, she still decided to clarify things with Lewis. She couldn’t let him continue to suffer in the pain of her supposed death… 
But before she could take action, another knock came from Lewis’s room, and Tom spoke from outside. “Boss, Miss Davis called again, saying she wants to see you, or 
else she won’t eat…” 
“Then let her starve to death!” 
Lewis’s tone was deliberate, the cold hardness of his voice carried a ruthless finality! 
There was a pause outside the door, where no one dared to speak again. 
Keira also stood frozen in place. 
Ta had happenpened so suddenly; bly gained a sister, and and then, just as at sister was murdered!red! 
es happened too fast, wit, with too many er, who had gone throughagra brush with etely forget her original sial situation. She I to meet Lewis as soon as pas possible… 
about Madeleine’s existencence.
en that before she was kidnappepped, she been on their way to get a divorcarce… 
bitter smile, feeling as if a bucket of cof cold poured over her, jerking her abruptlyptly 
old Mrs. 
es were 
only 
o stay in 
nurderer 
ems, nor 
hawhat then? 
langers and 
entra than presenting Lewis with an an 
chloichoice. 
r, Lewisewis wouldn’t abandon her, but but, 
ine?ine? 
with a 
found 
to others?ers?
videos on her 
Keira lowerowered her gaze and quietlyetention to 
n the balconi duy heading toward the La 
memorial hall. 
She was now very familiar with the path from old Mrs. Horton’s courtyard to the main hall. 
Surrounded by the familiar scenery, Keira’s eyes were heavy with reflections. 
She had made her decision. 
She would temporarily live as Keera because only Keera would know so many secrets; she had to stay in Oceanion to uncover the kidnapper and the murderer of her sister! 
She had never been one to flee from problems, nor was she one to sit by and wait for doom. 
She would gradually uncover the hidden dangers and swiftly eliminate them! 
Keira’s gaze became firmer, her eyes filled with a determined edge. 
Instead of going to the memorial hall, she found herself in the parking lot. 
Howard’s mother was engrossed in short videos on her cellphone, laughing gleefully paying no attention to 
Amy.
Amy had finished her milk and was now bored. She was playing with her fingers in the safety seat, appearing obedient and sensible. 
Keira picked up the two-year-old Amy and walked toward the memorial hall. 
Only then did Howard’s mother notice her presence and follow her with a mobile phone in hand. “Keera, where are you taking the child? The memorial hall is a solemn place. If this child starts crying and causing a scene, ruining Howard’s good fortune, I won’t let you off easily!” 
Keira ignored the threat and quickened her pace. 
She a 
b 
arrived at the entrance of the memorial ed at the coffin from a distance. 
wered her eyes and set Amy down, telling the ‘Good girl, bow to the coffin.” 
ny, not understanding what was happening but Always well-behaved, obediently knelt and knocked her head against the ground twice. 
The small figure’s eyes inexplicably reddened, tears 
welling up, and as Amy stood up, she said, “Mommy, I 
auddenly fool like arving ” 
intending to leave. 
Mrs. Olsen hadn’t attended her funeral; she must have 
been unwell, and Keira needed to check on her 
mother. 
But the moment she turned around, she saw Uncle Olsen standing right behind her, staring at her in 
astonishment. 
Keira instinctively called out, “Handsome Uncle?!” 
Uncle Olsen immediately stepped forward. “Kid, it 
really is you!” 
View All 
> 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10
> 
23 
###Chapter 257
Uncle Olsen’s gaze swept over her before settling back on the coffin.” 
He hesitated as he observed Keira, his brows slightly furrowing. 
Keira was still unaware of his identity and asked, “Handsome Uncle, what’s wrong?” 
Uncle Olsen was still frowning. 
They had originally made plans to dine together, but then Jodie South arrived, followed by the news that her daughter had been kidnapped, out at sea. 
He immediately arranged to mobilize all the manpower he could in Oceanion, even calling people from Clance, to search the sea, and eventually, they pulled up a bloated corpse. 
The face of the corpse was swollen from being in the water, rendering it unrecognizable. 
Jodie South took one look and said it wasn’t her daughter. 
However, the police immediately conducted a DNA 
. 
comparison, confirming the identity of the deceased. 
Jodie was overcome with shock at the revelation and fainted, remaining unconscious until now.
That old scoundrel Taylor had been by Jodie’s side the 
whole time. 
Uncle Olsen was there today to represent Jodie and to see her daughter off on her last journey. 
It simply wasn’t right for someone to be buried without any kin by their side. 
But he had never expected to encounter his young friend in such a place. 
He looked at Keira again. “You know Mrs. Horton…?” 
Keira pursed her lips, looking down as she lied, “Yes, I’m her high school classmate.” 
Uncle Olsen nodded and apologized. “Sorry that I didn’t show up as we planned that day. I had to leave early due to an urgent matter…” 
Only now did Keira realize that she also hadn’t made it 
to the meal with Uncle Olsen that day. 
Her throat tightened as she waved her hand 
dismissively. “I happened to have something urgent 
that day too.” 
It was a matter of life and death.
Seeing a flicker of pain in her eyes, Uncle Olsen broached another subject. “You know Mrs. Horton, so do you also know her mother Mrs. Olsen?” 
eira was taken aback. “What about her?” 
Uncle Olsen looked down, sighing silently. “I’ve heard she’s not doing well. If you’re Mrs. Horton’s classmate, perhaps you could visit Mrs. Olsen sometime.” 
At this, Keira grew anxious. “Mrs. Olsen is not doing well?” 
Uncle Olsen nodded. 
Immediately, Keira said, “I’ll go see her right away!” 
She turned to leave, but Howard grabbed her arm. “Keera, where have you just been? Don’t wander around at the Horton’s place!” 
Keira frowned and after a moment’s thought, she said, “I heard that Mrs. Horton’s mother, Mrs. Olsen, isn’t well. I was planning to pay her a visit.” 
< 
Howard’s eyes lit up at her words. “You’ve finally learned to mingle? I’ve heard that Mr. Horton is deeply committed to Mrs. Horton. If you can win over Mrs. 
Olsen, it’ll be very beneficial to our company down the line!” 
But he hesitated. “But I’m not done here yet…” 
Anv 
who could pay their respects at the Horton
was a major figure in their industry. He had e the acquaintance of several such people and ready to leave. 
eira immediately said, “You stay here. I’ll go alone. We’ll meet up at the hotel in the evening.” 
“Fine.” 
Keira turned and left the room. 
Howard was ready to mingle with the others when he heard a voice. “Is that your wife?” 
Turning to Uncle Olsen, who exuded an extraordinary presence, Howard smiled and said, “Yes, that’s my wife, Keera South. She’s a high school classmate of Mrs. Horton, and they were especially close. So, when we heard about what happened to Mrs. Horton, she came 
right ou47″ 
But Uncle Olsen seemed taken aback, his keen senses picking up on something. “Your wife’s surname is South?” 
Howard was surprised. “Yes, that’s right!” 
Uncle Olsen’s brows knitted together. “That surname is 
uncommon.” 
deed, you don’t see that often…” 
cle Olsen suddenly asked, “Did she inherit that last name from her father?”
Howard immediately frowned, afraid of slipping up. “Who are you? Why are you prying into other people’s privacy?” 
Uncle Olsen paused momentarily, then suddenly extended his hand. “I’m Sam Olsen.” 
Howard was stunned and immediately overjoyed. “You’re Uncle Olsen?! Forgive my rudeness. I didn’t recognize you!” 
Keira left the house, wearing a mask. 
But when she got outside, she found that there were 
too many cars lined up. Many people had come to offer their condolences and, like Howard, they were trying to get to know more people, so they moved slowly. 
This meant the exit was clear, but the entrance was completely blocked. Even if she called a cab now, she feared the vehicle wouldn’t be able to squeeze in. 
Keira was getting anxious. 
At that moment, she saw a car entering nearby. It had just stopped at the entrance, ready to turn and get out. 
Among the horde of vehicles, it stood out 
conspicuously-it was Samuel’s ostentatious yellow sports car! 
Keira walked straight to it and saw Samuel on the phone. 
Samuel’s eyes were swollen from crying, seemingly having wept for quite a while.
He was still crying on the phone. “Our boss is dead. I’m not in the mood for a meeting! Cancel, cancel, cancel! I know this document is important, but today is my boss’s funeral. I have to be here to say the final 
Retention||CA 
ell toth her! Postpone all meetings for me!!” 
lrubbed his eyes, glanced at the cars aheachdarand 1. “Theseseadamn people, coming just for show.w. nany of them truly came to mourn our boss?!?! e blockingghthe road, and it’s so frustrating!”!” 
ung the sporosts car door open and got out.t 
n cursed angrgrily at Tom. “What’s going on here?e? an you let just stranyone in?! Among all these , how many arersisincere about my boss?!” 
ghed. “Listen to yoyourself. Never mind, I knoww upset, so I won’t hidiold it against you today!” 
I wanted to say more but Keira was already in his driver’s seat andddflooring the accelerator. rned the car around, inimeediately heading for 
1. 
g the car’s noise, Samuelnimmediately rushed ?ut could only get into the passssenger seat. 
lowed, “Who the hell are you? How dare you ny sports car?!” 
gnored his angry shouting, starteteththe car, and
toward the hospital. 
Sitting in the passenger seat. Samuel’s heart was heavy with grief. He cried and cursed. “Why am I so unlucky? Losing my boss was bad enough, and now you’re stealing my beloved sports car in broad daylight? 
“Damn you, car thief! Stop the car on the side of the road right now! I’m not in a good mood today, and I might not hold it against you… 
“My poor boss… Why did you have to leave like this? I was going to bid my boss the last farewell. Can’t 
you pick a better time for stealing my care? Don’t you have any conscience? Among all these people, I’m the only one truly here to mourn. How can you steal my car?!” 
Keira said, “…Shut up!” 
Hearing this familiar voice, Samuel instinctively closed his mouth, but the next moment he suddenly realized something, and started crying even harder. “Your voice, it’s so similar to my boss’s! If my boss were still alive, I would never let her get upset again. I’d have her focus on retiring…” 
Unable to stand his noise anymore, Keira silently removed her mask and looked at him. 
Samuel immediately yelled. “Great, now the car thief dares to take off the mask! I’ll definitely take a picture of you and hand you over to the police!” 
His crying eyes had swelled into slits. 
Bi
ter saying this, he got a clear look at Keira’s face. 
oment he saw her, Samuel’s crying came to an ot halt. 
What…” 
His eyes widened in shock, and he pointed at her, “You, 
you, you…” 
He thought he had seen a ghost!! 
R 
10 
> 
###Chapter 258
Keira glanced at Samuel, then put her mask back on. 
Then she saw Samuel staring at her. After looking at her for a very long time, he finally asked cautiously, “Boss, have you come back from the dead?” 
Keira was speechless. 
Samuel continued. “Your face looks sallow and patchy. Is this what happens to people after they die? That’s way too ugly, isn’t it?” 
Keira stared at him. 
She rolled her eyes. 
That made Samuel cry even more violently. “Boss, you’re really alive! You scared the life out of me. You have no idea what these past couple of days have been like for me! I’ve cried all my tears for you! Even more sincerely than Lewis!” 
He tried to smile through his tears, but they continued to flow uncontrollably. 
Seeing him like this, Keira sighed silently and handed him a tissue. “Wipe it off, you’re a mess!” 
Her disdain only made Samuel’s feelings more genuine. 
“It’s so good that my boss isn’t dead!”
Keira saw that he had finally calmed down and was about to ask him something, but suddenly she heard the sound of a car speeding up. Then, Lewis’s Bentley whizzed past her! 
 
was only a fleeting glimpse, Keira and 
early saw that the person in the driver’s seat 
wis! 
nuel’s pupils shrank, and his emotions surged as he ursed angrily, “Fuck! What’s Lewis up to now? Doesn’t he know you’re being buried today? Leaving the house at this time? Not even there to send you off on your last journey?!” 
Keira was slightly startled. 
She remembered what Tom had said, that Madeleine 
wanted to see him, or else she would go on a hunger 
strike… 
Although Lewis had yelled, “let her die”, in the end, he couldn’t bear it, could he? Was he rushing over to see 
her now? 
M 
She knew that, in Lewis’s eyes, she had already passed away, so he should cherish the person still alive. 
She also understood that, as Lewis, that was the right thing to do. 
But her chest tightened slightly, and a sharp sting of pain washed over her… 
Seeing the loss in her eyes, Samuel reacted and said incredulously, “He’s not going to see that lunatic again, is he? Boss, how could he do this to you!” 
Samuel was so angry that his eyes reddened, and he clenched his fists tightly. 
Keira drove steadily with her eyes downcast. “I’m already dead. I can’t let another die as well.” 
Samuel was stunned. “Boss, what exactly is going on? If you’re not dead, then who’s in the coffin? Although the body was decomposed, I couldn’t believe it when I heard the news; I even had a DNA comparison done for you both…” 
Keira had just heard old Mrs. Horton mention that a DNA test was done, and now Samuel was saying the same, her grip on the steering wheel tightened. “And 
the romlt wog?” 
Samuel scratched his head. “The result said it was you!” 
Keira’s last hope that her only sister was still alive 
shattered. 
There could have been a mistake on old Mrs. Horton’s
part, but Samuel wouldn’t make one. 
The body had been decomposed beyond recognition, 
they could only rely on DNA for 
ar 
ster.” 
tion. 
ghtened her jaw. “That wasn’t me; it was my twin 
Upon hearing this, Samuel was dumbfounded. “What? Aren’t you Mrs. Olsen’s biological daughter? Didn’t Mrs. Olsen give birth to just one daughter back then? 
How could there be twins!” 
Keira said indifferently. “I am just as puzzled.” 
She was determined to temporarily use her sister’s identity to slowly lure out the net that was cast over her, which she herself couldn’t comprehend. 
But she wasn’t foolish enough to not seek help from anyone. She would trust a few people, and she would 
< 
still need Samuel to help her out.
Although when she thought of asking for help, the first person who came to her mind was Lewis… 
Samuel had been by her side for many years and was long accustomed to her ways, so he didn’t ask why she didn’t reveal her identity and simply asked, “What can I do for you?” 
Keira narrowed her eyes and let out a cold laugh. “Help me find out who drugged me and Keera at the restaurant and threw me onto the ship!” 
Since the culprit had made a move against her in Oceanion, there was surely evidence left behind. 
Her years in Oceanion weren’t spent in vain. Her delivery company was meant for gathering information! 
First, she would find out who the culprit was. After that, she would slowly unravel the web to discover the secret and truth that Keera was hiding! 
Samuel immediately said, “You don’t need to instruct me. I’ve already had people looking into it! But the restaurant’s surveillance footage was deleted, so we’re 
going door to door looking for leads to see if any 
599 
nearby surveillance captured anything…” 
After saying this, he paused before adding, “We’ve found out that the Horton family is also investigating 
this matter, but the culprit was clever and didn’t leave any traces.”
Keira fell silent upon hearing this, then said, “Let’s 
change our approach.” 
you suggest?” 
range scent that knocked me and Keera 
onscious is an uncommon anesthetic sold on the 
arket, and there should be records for purchasing 
such a substance. Check the black market to see who 
has bought it recently.” 
Samuel said, “Got it!” 
“Also help me look into the family and social circle of 
Keera South from Clance.” 
Since she had to pretend to be Keera, she would do it thoroughly. 
Without any more unnecessary chit-chat, Keira asked Samuel for Mrs. Olsen’s hospital address and drove to the hospital. 
When she got out of the car, she put on a black cap and a black mask. 
Upon entering the hospital’s main entrance and seeing her reflection in the glass door, Keira froze for a
moment. 
This had been exactly Keera’s attire when she first 
visi 
in Oceanion. 
ner gaze down, hiding the complex emotions eyes, and quickly headed upstairs to the 
atient department. 
She overheard two nurses discussing Mrs. Olsen’s 
condition. 
“It’s so pitiful. Her newly acknowledged daughter just died, and now the patient is devastated, nearly without 
the will to live…” 
“Being in a coma like this might actually be a blessing for her, right?” 
“It’s like being forced to take a proper rest…” 
The two nurses walked away chatting, making Keira’s heart tighten with concern. 
She quickly reached Mrs. Olsen’s ward and as soon as 
she saw Taylor step out to fetch water, she pushed open the door and slipped inside.
She didn’t trust Taylor. 
She had hardly any affection for this father of hers since childhood. 
She tread lightly, silently closing the door behind her 
urning to look at Mrs. Olsen on the hospital 
b 
e was shocked as soon as she looked, because ere was an unexpected visitor in the room. 
Lewis was standing by Mrs. Olsen’s bedside, seemingly examining the medical records. 
At that moment, he turned his head and gazed quietly at Keira, having clearly seen her sneaking around just 
now. 
A question mark slowly crossed Keira’s mind. 
Wasn’t this man supposed to be visiting Madeleine? 
What was he doing here? 
As she was internally complaining, Lewis had already fixed a sharp gaze on her. 
/p>
10 
> 
53 
###Chapter 259
Lewis frowned as he looked at the person in front of 
him. 
She was sneaky, dressed in a woolen sweater that 
oncealed her figure. 
ut he felt at a glance that she was very familiar… very 
much like Keira! 
Lewis stared blankly at her, his eyebrows slightly furrowing, and he asked slowly, “Keira? Is that you?” 
Keira’s eyelashes trembled, and suddenly she said, “It’s 
me.” 
Lewis froze completely. 
In disbelief, he stared at the person in front of him… only to see Keira lower her head, timidly saying, “Who are you? How do you know my name is Keera?” 
As she spoke, she tried hard to imitate her sister’s gentle tone. 
Lewis paused. “…What?” 
Keira then looked at him. Her face was still bruised, 
and the iodine wasn’t cleaned off properly, making the skin that was exposed very yellow. 
Wearing a hat and a mask, not even her biological mother would recognize her 
Keira continued timidly, “I, I was Keira’s high school classmate, and everyone calls me Keera. I heard the tragic news about Keira, so I came to visit Mrs. Olsen. 
u Keira’s friend too?” 
ing these words, Lewis looked somewhat dejected nd even scoffed at himself with a mocking smile. 
He clenched his fists tightly. 
He felt he was utterly ridiculous. 
He didn’t understand why, even though the body that had been retrieved was unrecognizable, and DNA analysis had confirmed it was Keira. 
He just didn’t believe it and personally oversaw the comparisons again and again… 
But each time, it was Keira. 
Even with the evidence in front of him, he still couldn’t accept that Keira had drowned… 
Even just now, when he saw that woman, he thought she was Keira… 
But his Keira was always a carefree, spirited woman. How could she possibly be sneaky and subservient? 
What on earth had he been thinking a moment ago?
Lewis lowered his gaze, answering her earlier question, 
“I’m her… husband.” 
His voice choked slightly on the last two words. 
A pang of pain went through Keira’s heart as she looked at his face, which had become gaunt enough that the cheekbones were protruding after only two days. Her eyes suddenly welling up with tears, and she hastily turned her head, “Condolences.” 
Lewis didn’t pay her any more attention. 
Keira thought for a moment, went straight to the bedside, and looked at the medical record beside it. 
Acute stress… excessive mourning… but no 
life-threatening danger. 
Keira breathed a sigh of relief. 
She leaned close to Mrs. Olsen and whispered in a 
volume only the two of them could hear. “Mom, I’m not dead. You have to take good care of yourself and get well. I’ll come to see you another day.” 
Keira knew that if she stayed any longer, Lewis might start to suspect something. 
She stood up and was ready to leave, not noticing that Mrs. Olsen’s fingers twitched. 
After Keira left, Lewis stayed there for a while, and before long, Taylor came back.
This time Taylor looked much better than the last time Mrs. Olsen fainted; he seemed very normal, without the previous dejection. 
Lewis advised, “Take good care of yourself so you can take care of my mother-in-law.” 
Taylor nodded. “Don’t worry, I know. There’s no one else at home now. I’ll definitely stay strong.” 
Lewis didn’t say anything more, he lowered his gaze and said, “I’ll help arrange for the best doctors to come for a consultation, and the people from Clance should 
arrive tomorrow.” 
“Okay.” 
After Lewis left, Mrs. Olsen suddenly opened her eyes. She propped herself up with both hands and shouted, 
“Keira!” 
Taylor immediately approached her and took her hand. “Shirley, you’re awake? How are you feeling?” 
But Mrs. Olsen struggled to look around. “Where’s Keira? I heard her voice, where is she?!” 
T 
d…” 
Shirley, you heard wrong… Keira was 
ay…
seemed that only then did Mrs. Olsen remember what had happened before she fainted. When she saw the ocean swaying precariously, she knew Keira had no hope of survival. 
After that swollen body was recovered from the water, she had fainted at just one glance. 
Mrs. Olsen clenched her fists tightly, tears streaming down! 
She looked at Taylor. “No, Keira isn’t dead! I’m going to find her!” 
She threw off the covers to get out of bed but 
suddenly her legs gave way, and she collapsed. 
Fortunately, Taylor caught her in time. “Shirley, calm down. If Keira were still here, she definitely wouldn’t want to see you like this!” 
Mrs. Olsen cried out, “I can’t calm down! I have to find 
Keira!” 
Taylor ed deeply, holding Mrs. Olsen tightly, gently 
ack, 
P 
Olsen still cried. “My Keira, she isn’t dead! She 
ely isn’t dead! She was just talking in my ear. She d me she was still alive!!”
Taylor continued to gently stroke her back, soothing her emotions. “Okay, she’s not dead, Shirley, she’s not 
dead, don’t worry…” 
Mrs. Olsen gradually calmed down. 
She said, “Taylor, Keira really was just here. I heard her talk to me, and that’s why I woke up…” 
Taylor gave a wry smile. “Shirley, aside from Mr. Horton, no one was in the room just now…” 
Mrs. Olsen was stunned. “Is, is that so?” 
Taylor nodded. “Yes, that’s right!” 
Mrs. Olsen immediately became disconsolate. 
She murmured to herself, “How could this be… I clearly heard her… I really did hear her. Taylor, where’s my phone? I’m going to call Lewis and ask if anyone came 
in!” 
Taylor tried to stop her. “Shirley, Mr. Horton is already 
so can we not make a fuss, please?” 
Ve 
Olsen shook her head. “I’m not making a fuss!
Keira really came! She was speaking into my 
I heard her…” 
She gripped Taylor’s hand tightly. “We don’t have to find Mr. Horton. Just help me check the surveillance, someone definitely came in, and it was Keira!” 
Seeing her insistence, Taylor sighed silently but reassured her. “Okay, I’ll go and check for you… Can- you calm down for now?” 
Only then did Mrs. Olsen nod. “Okay.” 
Taylor pressed the call button and summoned a nurse, asking her to help retrieve the surveillance footage for 
this ward. 
The nurse quickly went to security and sent the past half hour of surveillance footage to Taylor’s phone. 
There definitely wouldn’t be any inside the room, only 
in the corridor outside. 
But for Mrs. Olsen, that was enough. 
Taylor opened the footage from half an hour before, 
sped it 
tog
handed it to Mrs. Olsen. They watched 
come, and Taylor had stepped out to get 
lor said, “Shirley, do you see? I was only gone for a it, and Mr. Horton was here with you. It was impossible for someone to have come…” 
But almost as soon as he finished speaking, they saw a girl wearing a cap and a mask sneaking into the ward! 
Mrs. Olsen’s eyes welled up with tears. “Keira, it’s 
Keira!” 
1 
R 
You’ve arrived at the latest chapter! 
10 
>
E 
Terrible
###Chapter 260
Mrs. Olsen spoke in an agitated jumble, pointing at the phone as she burst into tears. 
Taylor was slightly taken aback, put down his phone, and patted her back. “The person in the video is completely unrecognizable; it might not be her, so don’t get worked up. I’ll help you check!” 
“Good, hurry up…” 
Mrs. Olsen urged Taylor, pushing him toward the door. 
Taylor furrowed his brow and stepped outside. 
Mrs. Olsen thought it over and felt that given Taylor’s capabilities, he might not be able to identify the girl, especially since she was wearing a cap and a mask. 
Her daughter had clearly returned but didn’t acknowledge her… It must be because Keira knew that the murderer was somewhere nearby! 
Mrs. Olsen clenched her fist and reached for her own 
phone from the nightstand. 
She opened WhatsApp, where she added Uncle Olsen two days prior. 
DE 
Having kept a low profile over the years, she didn’t have much power to protect herself in Oceanion, so even though she never wanted to see Sam again, she could still prioritize what was more urgent. 
She sent a message to Sam. “Can you do me a favor?” 
Sam replied instantly. “Consider it done. What do you 
need?” 
Looking at those words, Mrs. Olsen paused for a 
moment. 
She pursed her lips with a mix of emotions. 
She had buried the past deep in her heart and never wanted anything to do with him again in this lifetime, but for her daughter… 
Mrs. Olsen took a deep breath and began to type slowly. “I’ve got some information about my daughter, and I’d like to ask you to help me…” 
While she was typing, the door to the room suddenly opened. 
Mrs. Olsen was slightly startled and looked up to see Taylor walking in. 
Mrs. Olsen casually asked. “Tavlor did you find 
anything?” 
Taylor approached her, frowning as he said, “I’ve had people look into it. Shirley, don’t worry…”
He stopped mid-sentence and looked at Mrs. Olsen’s phone. “Who are you messaging?” 
Mrs. Olsen was open and honest with Taylor and didn’t hide anything. She handed him her phone, “I thought our combined influence might not be enough, so I wanted to ask Sam for help, given that it concerns 
Keira’s life.” 
She let Taylor glance at the chat screen before taking her phone back, intending to continue typing. “With him stepping in, we should be able to find Keira more quickly…” 
She had barely spoken when suddenly her phone was 
snatched from her hand. 
Surprised, Mrs. Olsen looked up to see that Taylor had taken her phone, his eyes filled with sorrow. “Shirley, don’t you trust me?” 
Mrs. Olsen paused, sensing that Taylor’s emotions 
were off at the moment. 
14: 
After a moment of silence, she said, “Taylor, that’s not what I meant. It’s just that someone wants to kill Keira, and I want to protect her, which is why I sought help from Sam…” 
“And then?” Taylor sat down by her bed, his gaze filled with sadness. “After Sam helps you find Keira and sees Keira’s face, which looks so much like her mother’s, he’d immediately realize that Keira is his
child. Given his character, he’d take you and the child away right away… I’m not powerful enough, Shirley, I can’t compete with him for you…” 
Mrs. Olsen fell silent for a moment, then laughed bitterly. “I won’t go with him 
“But he is domineering in his actions. Once he knows about Keira, he’ll definitely take you away!” 
Taylor began to speak hesitantly. 
Mrs. Olsen sensed his lack of security and took his hand. “I’m not the young woman I once was, and the foolish things from my youth wouldn’t happen again. 
Taylor, you’re overthinking it…” 
“I’m not!” 
Taylor stood haven’t grad In mu ouAR 
in “Chirlou unu 
you have always been beautiful, like a fairy,. You’re unattainably, and I can’t even touch you! The way Sam looked at you that day was the same; he has remained single all these years, clearly because he still has feelings for you!” 
Mrs. Olsen furrowed her brows and clenched her fists 
tightly.
Seeing her like this, Taylor couldn’t help but want to cry. “Shirley, I want to ask you a question.” 
Mrs. Olsen said gently, “Go ahead.” 
“We’ve been together for twenty-two years. Shirley, even though you never let me touch you, in my heart, you’re my wife, and I love you more than myself. But what about you? Shirley, have you ever loved me?” 
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback. 
Taylor continued to stare at her. “Back when we got together, you said you just wanted to give the child a father. I also said I wouldn’t expect any emotional response from you, that just being with you would make me happy… But the heart is reassuring. Shirley, tell me, over all these years, haven’t you even a little 
bit loved me?” 
JA:49 
1778 
Mrs. Olsen sighed. “Taylor, we are already at this age. Why bother to talk about whether we love each other 
or not?” 
“But I do love you! All these years, my love for you has never decreased by a fraction. I’ve always felt that it’s fine to continue living like this. Even if my daughter was locked up, I really didn’t care, as long as you were by my side…”
Taylor raked his fingers through his hair and paced around the room restlessly. “But everything changed when Sam arrived! Shirley, you changed! Ever since you woke up last time, you’ve been often staring out the window in a daze, looking at your phone, wanting to call Sam! Even… your gaze is different when you look at him. The fleeting glance you gave him that day, exposed too much…” 
Suddenly, Taylor rushed up to Mrs. Olsen. “The situation was so abrupt that day, and the way you looked at him didn’t have a hint of hatred. That intense longing looked as if you were about to be with him the 
next moment!!” 
Taylor’s eyes reddened, and he trembled nervously. 
“Now that you’ve encountered a problem, the first 
16 
FIL 
C 
person you think of is him. Do you still want to tell him that Keira is his daughter? Shirley, I have protected you for 22 years, 4 months, and 3 days. Haven’t all these days and nights warmed your heart even a little bit?! Have you, even for a moment, ever loved me?!” 
He looked very sad, like someone who was abandoned. 
Mrs. Olsen was stunned. She clenched her jaw tightly, yet she was not moved by his words. 
Her eyes gradually grew colder. “Taylor, I had agreed with Keira to meet a stranger, and I had no idea it was
Sam. How could you know how I looked when I saw 
Sam?” 
Taylor was speechless. 
But Mrs. Olsen suddenly realized something. “Have you been monitoring me?” 
She thought back to when she first saw Sam, and they had planned to introduce themselves to each other, but the kidnapping call that interrupted them came at such an opportune time… 
Mrs. Olsen’s pupils contracted, and she looked at him in disbelief, “Are you the… Mmm!” 
– 
Tal 
Taylor moved forward abruptly, covering Mrs. Olsen’s mouth with his hand. “Shirley, don’t say it!” 
However, Mrs. Olsen’s eyes widened in shock as she struggled to push Taylor away, but he wouldn’t budge. She bit down on his fingers, finally making Taylor to let 
1. 
Taylor gasped, looking at the bite marks and 
bloodstains on the back of his hand, just about to say something when he heard Mrs. Olsen’s certain tone. 
“It was you! you killed Keira!”
R 
Leave the first comment for this sifapter 
10 
> 
###Chapter 261
Taylor halted; he put down that bleeding hand and looked again at Mrs. Olsen, meeting her calm gaze, knowing that any further argument was useless. 
He clenched his fists, letting out a bitter laugh. “Shirley, I did it all for you!” 
Mrs. Olsen felt she was going insane. “For me, you wanted to kill my daughter? Taylor, you maniac! You…” 
The next moment, Taylor was on top of her, pinning 
down both of her hands. 
Mrs. Olsen had been unconscious for two full days; she now lay there powerless, looking at Taylor as he suddenly leaned in, panic rising in her voice. “You, what are you going to do?” 
“Shirley, we’ve been husband and wife for 22 years, and you’ve never let me touch you… I’m not going to do anything; I’m just exercising my rights as a husband!” 
After saying this, he buried his head in the nape of her 
neck! 
At this moment, he trembled with excitement 
throughout his body!
No one knew what it felt like for such repressed love, when it was finally about to be obtained, after so many years! 
He took a deep breath, showing a twisted and satisfied smile. 
Mrs. Olsen struggled. “Taylor, you’ve lost your mind! Let me go!” 
“I haven’t lost my mind!” 
Taylor said with suppressed agony, “To melt your heart, I’ve waited for 22 years! Even a stone should have warmed up by now, but you haven’t… Shirley, you’re the one who’s too heartless!” 
Mrs. Olsen closed her eyes. “When you first wanted to be with me, I told you, my heart would never stir for 
you…” 
Taylor laughed. “I did say that all I wanted was to be with you, that seeing you every day was my greatest happiness. But Shirley, people change… When I got to see you every day, I wanted more… Especially when I 
COT JOU with a crowing hally with Sam’s child getting 
14: 
1A11 
bigger every day… Do you know how crazy I felt? I
always thought how wonderful it would be if that child 
was ours.” 
Mrs. Olsen was pinned down by him, unable to move her body. 
But hearing these words, she suddenly understood something. “You knew early on that Poppy had 
switched the babies?!” 
Eyery baby born would have a bracelet. 
In theory, such an error was impossible in hospitals. Poppy was struggling even to afford meals back then, so how could she have had the means to do such a 
thing?! 
By now, Taylor had nothing to deny anymore. 
He lowered his eyes. “I just hinted to her that only if the child was yours, I would acknowledge it; otherwise, hers was just a bastard. It was her idea to swap the babies, and I was just helping her cover it up. 
Otherwise, with so many nurses in the hospital, what if they saw her?” 
“Maniac, you maniac!!” 
39 
Mrs. Olsen was so furious she grit her teeth, tears. rolling down her face.
She could never have imagined that this man, who had always been so accommodating and seemingly devoted to her, who had been by her side for more than 22 years, taking up almost half of her life, could do such a thing! 
“I am a maniac, but you drove me to this madness.” 
After uttering those words, Taylor started to tear at 
her clothes. 
A chill passed over her body, and Mrs. Olsen felt an overwhelming sense of shame and rage. 
She struggled fiercely, but was utterly unable to break free from his oppressive grasp… 
Taylor seemed to be seeking years of retribution from her body, torturing her bit by bit… 
Yet he never went through with the final act… 
What was meant to be an intimate act between lovers 
only made Mrs. Olsen feel wave after wave of coldness. 
Taylor looked at her. “Shirley, it’s been many years 
since you last did this. Do you… want it?” 
In Mrs. Olsen’s eyes, however, there was no trace of 
desire.
She was still so lucid. 
She looked straight at Taylor. “I just feel disgusted.” 
The word “disgusted” made Taylor stiffen slightly. 
He let out a cold laugh and suddenly stood up. 
Mrs. Olsen immediately breathed a sigh of relief, eeling that at least this man wasn’t completely heartless and deranged. 
But in the next instant… 
“Slap!” 
A vicious slap landed across her face, leaving Mrs. Olsen feeling dizzy, and her vision blurred! 
were ringing… 
‘s voice seemed to come from afar. “Shirley, my company can’t win your heart, let’s see if nwashing can do the trick! Do you remember Keira fore she turned fifteen? How well-behaved she was 
the Olsen family! Hahaha…” 
10 
Upon hearing these words, Mrs. Olsen’s vision flashed intensely with the situations Keira faced at home… 
The glimpses she had occasionally caught…
Poppy would slap Keira without any reason, or withhold food just as arbitrarily. 
And that was only what she had seen; she had heard from the servants that, in private, Poppy was even more ruthless! 
She had also heard about a whip Poppy owned, used specifically to lash Keira… 
The helpless child, devoid of self-preservation, would curl up, hoping only for Poppy to be in a good mood and spare her… 
Those painful memories made Mrs. Olsen clench her fists tightly. “Taylor, you monster!” 
She tried to rise from the bed, aiming to rush to the 
door. 
But Taylor caught her around the waist! 
The door to the ward was right before her eyes, yet she couldn’t get out at all! 
Mrs. Olsen yelled toward the door, “Help! Nurse, help!” 
Taylor just laughed and said, “You were so agitated just now; I’ve already informed everyone that you couldn’t handle your daughter’s passing and that you’re not in a good mental state. Shirley, keep yelling; even if you scream your throat raw, no one will come…” 
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Olsen felt her strength leave her, and she collapsed to the floor.
Taylor loomed over her from above. 
In the past, he had always looked up to her, but now, this woman had finally fallen from her pedestal. 
A flicker of excitement arose within him. 
If he could tame her… 
Just then, a cell phone rang. 
Mrs. Olsen turned her head sharply, looking toward her own phone-it was a call for her! 
As she moved to grab it, Taylor snatched her phone, finding that Sam had sent her many messages on WhatsApp. 
“What’s up? 
1449 
“Talk to me. 
“Are you okay? 
“I’m going to the hospital to see you!” 
Seeing she hadn’t responded for a while, Sam sent her a voice message on WhatsApp, but she didn’t pick up, and now he was calling her. 
on seeing the caller ID on the screen, Taylor’s pupils onstricted. 
He turned fiercely to Mrs. Olsen. “After all these years, you still have his number!”
1. Olsen didn’t say a word, 
or immediately hung up, then furiously took off his 
r belt and lashed it against the side- 
Tayloned maniacally/ “Shirley, do you want to 
tas 
it’s like to be whipped?” 
me time, in the lobby of the hospital. 
ar came to a screeching halt, and he jumped anning frantically toward the upstairs ward!
###Chapter 262
Uncle Olsen’s face was etched with urgency as he rushed upstairs to the hospital room without pause. 
Mrs. Olsen never asked for his help. 
The last time she did, it was because her daughter was 
in trouble. 
And now she was asking for help again… something must have gone wrong again! 
He had been frequently sending her messages and calling her, but Mrs. Olsen hadn’t replied or answered. Was the killer who murdered Keira back to kill her 
too? 
This thought accelerated Uncle Olsen’s pace even 
more. 
He pushed open the doors to the hospital room with both hands and just as he was about to enter, he saw Taylor blocking the doorway. 
Uncle Olsen stopped in his tracks. 
Taylor slowly said, “Sam, what brings you here?” 
Uncle Olsen asked anxiously “Where is Mrs. Olsen?” 
Taylor coughed before responding, “She’s taking 
shower.” 
Uncle Olsen was taken aback. 
Taylor then showed an embarrassed expression. 
a 
“Shirley has been sick for a long time and hasn’t bathed in days. She just woke up and is now taking a shower. It’s not convenient for you to enter…” 
Uncle Olsen’s gaze fell upon the VIP room’s bathroom. 
Through a frosted glass door, the sound of running water could faintly be heard. 
He couldn’t see inside the bathroom. 
Mrs. Olsen, in disarray, had her hospital gown torn to 
shreds. Her mouth was stuffed, and her wrists and 
ankles were bound, making it impossible for her to 
move. 
Hot water poured down, soaking her entire body. 
She tried to emit faint cries for help, but they were drowned out by the sound of the water.
Outside, Uncle Olsen hastily withdrew his gaze, but 
something felt off. “She just sent me a message asking 
for my help.” 
Taylor nodded. “Right, we sent the message to you together.” 
He pointed outside. 
Uncle Olsen took a step back. 
After Taylor stepped out and closed the door, he looked straight at Uncle Olsen. “You and Shirley had agreed to never see each other again. The last meeting was already a violation of that agreement. Shirley has just lost her daughter, and she’s not in a good state of mind. She asked me to tell you, can you please go back to Clance immediately and never come to Oceanion again?” 
Uncle Olsen was stunned by these words. 
He instinctively looked toward the hospital room 
again. 
Taylor, however, blocked his way once more, “Sam, this is her only wish and request now. She hopes you won’t stay to revel in her misery.” 
Uncle Olsen clenched his jaw tight, gripping his fists.
Taylor continued. “You just promised her that you 
would agree to any request. Sam, are you going back on your word?” 
Uncle Olsen immediately looked at him. “You saw the messages between me and Mrs. Olsen?” 
Taylor said, “I’ve been married to her for 22 years, and our relationship is deep-seated. We have no secrets 
1. Sam, please don’t disturb our lives.” 
betw 
P 
on’t disturb her life. 
sindeed always Mrs. Olsen’s request of him. 
than 22 years. 
knew she was in Oceanion yet never set foot here, earing it would make her uncomfortable… 
Even to know if she was doing well, he had to ask 
Lewis to check for him. 
Olsen felt Mrs. Olsen was truly heartless…
she had always been this way. 
e hadn’t changed. 
hinking of this, Uncle Olsen took two steps back and 
forced a bitter smile, his voice tinged with a hint of 
loss. “Alright, I’ll leave this place. If Mrs. Olsen needs any further assistance, feel free to ask.” 
Taylor nodded. “Thank you, Sam, for your care. Now that Keira has met with misfortune, Shirley is 
extremely worn out. As long as you don’t come to 
disturb her peaceful life again, my wife and I will be 
satisfied…” 
My wife…. 
Uncle Olsen felt as if an arrow had pierced through his heart once more. 
He managed a faint smile, nodded, and turned to leave. 
Watching him leave, Taylor revealed a meaningful smile. Only then did he go back inside, locking the 
door behind him. 
Next, he walked to the bathroom door, pushed it open, and turned off the tap. He took a bath towel from the side, and began drying Mrs. Olsen’s hair.
“Shirley, make sure you’re dried off thoroughly. Don’t catch a cold…” 
His voice was as gentle as it had always been, yet Mrs. 
: 
五联 
Olsen shivered intensely! 
Taylor carried her out of the bathroom and then placed her on the hospital bed, removing her damp nightgown and tossing it into the nearby trash can. 
After drying her off with a bath towel, he noticed the startling whip marks on the pristine skin of Mrs. Olsen’s back. 
He immediately took out the ointment and gently started to apply it on her. 
He said tenderly, “Shirley, does it hurt? Let me blow on it, and it won’t hurt anymore…” 
Mrs. Olsen closed her eyes in pain, and the cloth that 
had been in her mouth was removed. She asked in a 
low voice, “Taylor, why don’t you just kill me.” 
“How could I bear to kill you when I love you so much! Shirley, everything I do is to prevent you from leaving 
me…”
Taylor meticulously treated the wounds on her back and then took out her regular clothes. “Shirley, I’m taking you home. It’s inconvenient here at the hospital with so many people around…” 
Mrs. Olsen’s eyes suddenly lit up. 
If she could leave the ward… 
Just as she thought about this, she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her arm! 
Mrs. Olsen turned her head and saw a syringe there, then felt her body go limp and fell into Taylor’s 
embrace. 
“What have you… done to me…” 
Her tongue felt heavy, too weak to force the words 
out. 
Taylor smiled. “Shirley, this is a muscle relaxant. It’ll help you relax so you can be a good girl and listen to 
me…” 
Mrs. Olsen’s pupils constricted. 
She watched helplessly as he dressed her like a puppet on strings and then picked her up and strode out of the room. 
A nurse saw them and immediately asked, “Mr. Olsen, what’s wrong?”
Taylor sighed. “Shirley just woke up and said she 
wanted to go home. She doesn’t want to stay here, so I’m taking her back…” 
The nurse nodded. “Mr. Olsen, your love for Mrs. Olsen is so deep. Mrs. Olsen, you should cheer up. If something were to happen to you, what would Mr. Olsen do? You have no idea, last time when you fainted and almost didn’t wake up, Mr. Olsen stayed by your side without eating or drinking. Je moved everyone in the hospital!” 
After that, she looked at Taylor. “Mr. Olsen, you must also take care of yourself.” 
Taylor nodded gently. “Don’t worry, I won’t be so foolish. I need to take care of Shirley, so we can grow old together…” 
Listening to these words, Mrs. Olsen suddenly understood something. 
The feelings Taylor had for her over the years might be real, and that was why he managed to deceive 
everyone so well! 
X 
He didn’t only fool the outsiders, but even she had failed to see through the darkness in his heart! 
So how could anyone suspect that he was the 
murderer of Keira?
All he could do was watch in dismay as Taylor carried 
her downstairs and into the car. 
Nobody noticed, but in the parking lot, Uncle Olsen 
frowned as he watched them leave. 
After a while, Uncle Olsen opened WhatsApp and found his young friend. “Little friend, something doesn’t feel right about Mrs. Olsen! Can you please pay her another visit?” 
R 
10 
> 
E
###Chapter 263
Ellis saw Uncle Olsen’s expression and couldn’t help himself from asking, “Uncle, since Mrs. Olsen said she didn’t want to see you, why don’t you just go back? She’s heartbroken now, and your presence here is not making things any better.” 
Uncle Olsen glared at him. 
Ellis immediately realized that his comment might have 
been too harsh. 
He coughed and then said, “You just mentioned something was amiss, so what is it that’s not right?” 
Uncle Olsen lowered his eyes. “Miss South has always been strong-willed. Her daughter has died, and the murderer hasn’t been found. Would she ask me to leave? When she sent me the message, my first thought was that she would want me to avenge her daughter.” 
Jodie South was never a weak character. 
Her health wasn’t good, and she was fainting frequently, but a person’s nature wouldn’t change. 
Ellis couldn’t help but ask, “Then why don’t you just barge in and ask her directly?” 
Uncle Olsen gave him a sideways glance. 
Ellis immediately understood something. “No way, no way, have I stumbled upon something? Ha! Uncle, you’re not afraid of anything, but you’re afraid of Mrs. Olsen getting angry?”
Uncle Olsen was speechless. 
He wondered what he should do with this idiotic 
nephew. 
He did fear that it was Jodie’s wish for him not to 
interfere, and if he disobeyed and barged in, Jodie might end up hating him. 
Uncle Olsen silently sighed and looked down at his phone. 
Unexpectedly, after sending out the message, there was still no response from the other side. 
It was just like last time when they made plans but he had to rush off with Jodie to the sea to search for someone, and while waiting for the retrieval process, he remembered the appointment and sent her a 
203 Meeting Again 
message. 
The young friend also didn’t reply at all. 
At the time, he thought the young friend was angry, but now that he thought about it, when they met at the Horton family’s condolence visit, she didn’t seem to hold a grudge against him! 
Uncle Olsen was puzzled and scratching his head, but he quickly thought of something, opened WhatsApp, found “Howard,” and sent a message. “Where are you 
staying?” 
Howard indeed replied immediately. “Four Seasons Hotel. Uncle Olsen, is there something you need?”
Uncle Olsen. “I’m coming to find you. I’ll take your whole family to dinner tonight.” 
It was a gesture to make up for missing the appointment with the young friend last time. 
After seeing Mrs. Olsen, Keira gave several orders to Samuel to find the murderer as soon as possible. 
When she ultimately parted with Samuel, and he asked, “Boss, when will you be able to reclaim your 
identity?” 
Keira knitted her brows and said, “We’ll talk about it 
after the murderer is found.” 
Only when she knew who the murderer was and why they wanted to kill them, and could ensure her own safety, could she live under her true identity again. 
Keira arrived at the Four Seasons Hotel. 
Just as she found the private room where Howard and his family were staying, she saw Howard and his mother excitedly preparing clothes. Howard’s mother even took out Amy’s dress to dress her up beautifully. 
Glancing at Keira, Howard lifted his chin and scoffed. “You’re just in time to come bac for dinner. Hurry up and change into something more formal. Don’t embarrass me tonight!” 
Keira paused slightly. “Dinner?”
Howard then excitedly opened his mouth. “Yes, today Uncle Olsen and I hit it off immediately. Do you know who Uncle Olsen is? He’s the one in charge of the Clance Olsen family, one of the five major families of Clance. He just sent me a message saying he is inviting us to dinner tonight!” 
14.50 
Howard’s mother chimed in right away. “Son, you are so capable, to think that coming to Oceanion we could encounter such distinguished people, and you’ve managed to get connected! My god, that’s the Clance Olsen family! Normally, we could only see such people in financial magazines, and he has taken a fancy to 
you!” 
When Keira heard Uncle Olsen’s name, she was slightly 
stunned. 
Before, Uncle Olsen had frequently wanted to meet her, but she hadn’t gone to see him, and now that she had become Keera, she suddenly got the opportunity. 
But how could someone like Howard ever get in touch with Uncle Olsen? 
She glanced at Howard and saw that he was indeed handsome, with a refined and scholarly appearance-a truly good-looking fellow. It must have been this handsome face that had charmed Keera! 
Little did anyone know he was just an empty suit!
The look of disdain in Keira’s eyes made Howard chuckle. “I told you, I’m really good at business. Today, I had a chat with Uncle Olsen about the future 
economic trends, and he listened patiently throughout. 
Now he has invited me to dinner, which must mean he thinks highly of my insights! Alright, let’s go, we can’t keep Uncle Olsen waiting!”- 
Keira didn’t bother with idle chit-chat. 
Since she had decided to investigate her sister’s death under the guise of Keera, she would play along with them to avoid complications. 
She bowed her head and changed into a suitable tweed 
coat. 
Then she went into the bathroom to carefully wash off 
the iodine on her face… 
Although the color wouldn’t fade immediately, at least it wasn’t as yellow as it had been during the day. 
Once they were dressed, they headed downstairs. 
Howard chose Fragrance Hall on the car’s navigation and started the vehicle. 
Howard’s mother asked, “What place is Fragrance Hall?”
Howard immediately replied with pride, “Fragrance Hall is a famous private restaurant in Oceanion. I’ve 
263 Moeting Again 
just heard about it. It seems to be owned by Mrs. Horton, and it’s hard to get in without a reservation! 
The elites of Oceanion love to dine here. Uncle Olsen inviting us to eat here shows he really values me!” 
Howard’s mother immediately glared at Keira. “Son, I have always known you are destined for great things. You’ve always been the most impressive in our village. What a shame to marry Keera! Speaking of which, your status don’t sound good when you mention it. Keera, on, say you have married into our family, got 
fre 
at little wretch, once we return to Clance, 
ately change her surname to Howard’s, 
wise, I won’t acknowledge her as my ddaughter!” 
oward immediately said, “It doesn’t matter if a girl hanges her surname or not. Keera, when you get back to Clance, just transfer the company shares and legal representative status to me, and add my name to the property ownership certificate…” 
Keira ered inwardly but didn’t speak. 
was going to assume her sister’s identity, she d reclaim everything that belonged to her sister!
But for now, she couldn’t be bothered to argue about these things. 
Seeing Keira’s lack of response, Howard’s mother became irate. “What kind of attitude is that? You are eating Howard’s food, living in Howard’s house, and even dining in a private restaurant like Fragrance Hall, all thanks to Howard’s connections! You must change your name once we return! Have you heard me?” 
Keira’s expression turned cold, and Howard intervened. “Okay, Mom, that’s enough, we’re here.” 
Howard’s mother gave her a fierce look, “Take care of that burdensome girl, and make sure to behave properly later. Don’t get dazzled by the wealth and humiliate my son. If you do, I’ll punish you and that burdensome girl severely afterward!” 
They parked the car and had just gotten out when someone greeted them, “Is this Mr. Smith’s family? Uncle Olsen has been waiting for you in the private 
room for a long time.” 
Howard immediately smiled. “Yes, that’s us, please lead the way… 
 
The assistant to Uncle Olsen held a different status in 
14.50 
<
Clance, and people like Howard couldn’t afford to act superior in front of him. 
The assistant smiled and walked ahead. 
Howard and his mother entered the grand Fragrance 
Hall first. 
The place was elegantly decorated with a classic feel, and there were little streams and bridges. The whole atmosphere was distinct. 
Howard and his mother cautiously surveyed their surroundings, and his mother even whispered a warning. “Keera, hold that burdensome girl tight. Everything here is incredibly valuable, and if you accidentally break something, selling you wouldn’t 
cover the cost!” 
Keira snorted to herself. 
Finally, they arrived at the door to the private room. Howard nervously adjusted his clothes, and after proudly glancing back at Keira, he pushed open the door. 
Keira looked in indifferently and caught a glimpse of a mature man sitting inside. 
WI 
He was brewing tea, and upon hearing the door open, he looked up.
His subtle movements exuded an aura of nobility, inspiring a sense of awe. 
Howard’s face brimmed with eagerness to please, and his mother barely dared to breathe. 
Only Keira paused for a moment, then cried out, 
“Handsome Uncle?” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
14.50 
###Chapter 264
Howard was about to move forward when he suddenly froze upon hearing those words. 
Howard’s mother was so startled that she trembled and almost fell to the ground. 
Both turned their heads sharply, looking at Keira with a mix of wariness and anger. 
Howard’s mother scolded in a low voice, “What 
nonsense are you talking about?!” 
Howard wiped the nonexistent cold sweat from his forehead and said to Uncle Olsen with a flattering smile, “Uncle Olsen, she, she hasn’t seen much of the world. Please, please don’t take her seriously…” 
As soon as these words were spoken, they saw Uncle Olsen suddenly stand up. 
Howard was so frightened he almost knelt on the spot, and immediately turned around to glare furiously at Keira. “You ignorant wretch, what are you yelling about? Apologize to Uncle Olsen right away!” 
But to his surprise, as soon as he had spoken, Uncle 
170 
+30
Olsen strode past him and approached Keira. “Kid, I sent you WhatsApp messages, but why didn’t you reply? Are you still angry about me not showing up last 
time?” 
Howard, who had already cursed Keira in his mind, was puzzled. 
Howard’s mother, who was preparing to punish Keera and Amy severely once they got home, was doubly puzzled. 
Both were dumbfounded, looking at Keira and Uncle Olsen with ignorance and confusion. 
Keira’s eyes were also wide; she subconsciously took out her phone, then realized her phone had long since been lost to the sea, and the one she was currently using belonged to Keera, which didn’t have Handsome Uncle on WhatsApp. 
Realizing this, she looked downward with a subdued expression, “Um, the account that I added you on WhatsApp was another number. I lost my phone.” 
“Shall we add each other again?” 
Uncle Olsen humbly took out his phone and once 
again opened the OR code for her. 
Howard was utterly dumbfounded.
Everyone outside said that Uncle Olsen’s WhatsApp was the hardest to be added to. He had a brief chat 
with Uncle Olsen yesterday and had tentatively asked once, and Uncle Olsen agreed. 
Today, he took the initiative to add Keera again? 
Was this really the cold-hearted, iron-fisted, and mysterious Uncle Olsen he had heard about?! 
Keira stared at his phone, feeling somewhat unwilling 
at the bottom of her heart. 
She didn’t mind associating with him when she didn’t know he was Uncle Olsen. It was happy to have him as 
a stranger. 
But now, she knew he was indeed Uncle Olsen, but her 
mother, Jodie South, didn’t even want to see him… 
…Well, considering so many people were watching, it would be embarrassing for Uncle Olsen if she refused. 
Keira took out her phone and they added each other on WhatsApp once again. 
Howard watched them, wiping the nonexistent cold 
sweat on his forehead, “Uncle Olsen. you… vou know 
38 
Keera South?” 
South… 
Uncle Olsen’s gaze darkened. 
He nodded, just about to say something when Keira said, “We met today at Mrs. Horton’s funeral.” 
The words Uncle Olsen was about to say paused slightly, and he looked at Howard again, his gaze falling 
on Howard’s mother… 
Was this the “very good” mother the kid mentioned? 
She didn’t seem to be that impressive… 
He disdainfully withdrew his gaze and invited them to 
sit down. 
Uncle Olsen stared at Keira’s face and asked, “Miss. South, is it? Do you have the surname South because it’s your father’s name or your mother’s?” 
Keira paused briefly. 
She really didn’t know… 
The surname South was indeed rare.
She only knew that Keera had foster parents, but she 
woan’t clear on the ananifing ot 
But there was no need for her to answer, as Howard immediately said, “Her foster father’s surname is 
South!” 
Uncle Olsen was taken aback, “Foster father?” 
Howard smiled. “Yes, yes, she was an abandoned baby. She was thrown away shortly after she was born and then taken in by her foster parents. Afterward, she lived near Clance. Later, both her foster parents passed away, leaving behind a small villa and a 
company…” 
Both her foster parents had died? 
Keira was also slightly surprised. 
No wonder Keera had been bullied by Howard and his 
mother for so many years without any relatives. coming to her defense! It turns out that her foster parents were no longer alive! 
Uncle Olsen pursed his lips, and his gaze fell back on Keira’s face. Seeing that she seemed reluctant to say more, he changed the topic. “You also live in Clance?”
“Yes, yes, we have a small villa near the North Sixth Ring of Clance, and there’s also a small company 
thara 
Uncle Olsen asked, “What kind of business is it?” 
“New energy! Isn’t it hot this year? We’ve just recruited a few people and are working on this!” 
Having said that, Howard eagerly looked at Uncle Olsen, hoping that if Uncle Olsen could grant them a project, their company’s market value could increase tenfold! 
But who was Uncle Olsen? 
He had already noticed the discord between Keira and 
Howard. He simply took a couple of sips of tea and then passed the teacups to each person in front of 
him. 
After everyone finished their tea, the dishes from Fragrance Hall were served. 
Uncle Olsen invited everyone to move to the dining table to eat. Once everyone had done so, his gaze nonchalantly swept over the teacup that Keira had just used. 
Gazing at the delicately cooked dishes, Howard 
immediately said, “Uncle Olsen, the food here is really
delicious. We haven’t eaten such authentic Oceanion Quicina in monnal In this mada hu the hand shot of 
Fragrance Hall?” 
The waiter beside him immediately sighed. “Our head chef… was Mrs. Horton. It’s said that she met a genius chef during her internship when she was a student, who taught her everything he knew, which is why the food she makes is so delicious. But Mrs. Horton only cooked one meal a month, and even if people broke their heads trying, they couldn’t secure a spot here and had to queue… Unfortunately…” 
The waiter lowered his head. 
The previous owner of the restaurant had always been mysterious, and they had never seen them. 
It was only after the news of Mrs. Horton’s death came that the restaurant manager cried bitterly, and they found out. 
Upon hearing this, Uncle Olsen’s mood also became heavy. He set down his fork and sighed deeply before looking at Keira. “How is Mrs. Olsen doing after your visit today?” 
Keira said, “Mrs. Olsen hasn’t woken up yet…” 
“She has woken up,” 
701
< 
Uncle Olsen interrupted her. “Mrs. Olsen sent me a message, saying she wanted to ask me for a favor.” 
Keira was stunned, “What favor?” 
Uncle Olsen shook his head. “I don’t know. I didn’t see her when I went to the hospital, and later she was discharged.” 
“Discharged?” 
Keira was somewhat agitated. “Mrs. Olsen is frail. Why would she be discharged all of a sudden?” 
Uncle Olsen noticed her tone, took a slight pause, and looked at her. 
Keira realized that she had lost composure and coughed. “I just think it doesn’t make sense.” 
Uncle Olsen nodded, “That’s why, if you’re available, kid, I’d like you to visit her home for me again.” 
Keira immediately stood up. “I’m available right now.” 
She looked directly at Howard. Before she could speak, Howard immediately waved his hand. “You go run the 
errand for Uncle Olsen. Go ahead! ” 
Keira nodded and left without another word. 
She could hide the news of her being alive from everyone else, but she couldn’t hide it from her
mother! 
R 
10 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 265
Having left Fragrance Hall, Keira hailed a cab on the roadside and headed straight for the Olsen residence. 
It was already late. 
On the road, she watched the night scene of Oceanion, her jaw tensed. 
The day’s encounters felt as if a lifetime had passed. 
Previously, she had been muddling through, focusing solely on living well. 
Now, her goal was to find the murderer and return to a 
normal life. 
The car soon arrived at the Olsen home. 
Keira still wore a black mask and cap as she got out of the car and stood at the Olsen family’s doorstep, ringing the doorbell. 
The door was quickly opened. 
The person who opened it was Aunt South, who 
looked slightly bewildered upon seeing Keira. “Who are you?” 
10
Without knowing who the murderer was, no one could 
be trusted. 
Keira looked down. “Hello, I’m a classmate of Keira’s. 
I’ve come to visit Mrs. Olsen” 
Aunt South immediately said, “I’ll go ask Mr. Olsen!” 
Keira nodded. 
Aunt South entered the house and soon returned, relaying Tr’s message, “Mrs. Olsen has already gone t 
and her husband says to come back uring the day.” 
taken aback. 
ked down at the time. It was just nine o’clock in 
ening. 
ough Mrs. Olsen was health-conscious, this wasn’t er usu edtime. 
1, 
, “I’m sorry, but I don’t live in Oceanion and ne from a long distance. I just want to pay a Mrs. Olsen and then leave; may I come in for a
t?” 
g her insist, Aunt South turned around to inquire 
more. 
. 
But the answer was still a rejection. “Our lady is unwell, and it’s not suitable for her to receive guests right now,. Please understand.” 
The more this happened, the more Keira felt something was off. “If she’s unwell, why not stay in the hospital? Why was she discharged so early?” 
Aunt South furrowed her brows. “Who are you? Are you questioning me? What right do you have to question me?” 
Just as Keira was about to speak, a voice suddenly came from behind her. “If she doesn’t have the right, 
what about me?” 
This familiar and deep voice made Keira startle, and she swiftly turned around to find Lewis had appeared 
behind her without notice. 
The man looked exhausted, with hollow cheeks and brows tightly knit together. His sharp and cold eyes 
were piercing.
He was enveloped in a chilling wind. 
Gone was his usual gentlemanly demeanor, replaced by an air of cold aloofness. 
[14:50 
39 
, 
All day, Lewis had been inside that restaurant, watching his men check the surrounding surveillance footage, trying to catch the murderer who had kidnapped Keira. 
But there was nothing… 
It seemed as if that entire street had been emptied, no surveillance cameras captured the scene of the crime. 
His wife had been abducted into the sea without 
explanation… 
Lewis had originally planned to continue searching the sea that evening; the body, to him, felt strange and unfamiliar. Yet, as soon as he’d heard Mrs. Olsen was discharged, he had rushed over immediately. 
Keira had never opened up to him. 
Yet Lewis had always known the place Jodie South held 
in her heart.
After Keira reunited with Jodie South, she became a typical “Mama’s girl”, even when his grandmother was sick. He had felt a twinge of jealousy… 
Therefore, even if Keira was really gone, he was determined to take good care of Mrs. Olsen for Keira’s 
sake! 
As Lewis thought about this, he turned to look at the 
woman beside him. 
It was her again! 
Keira’s high school classmate, Keera? 
Why was she here in the middle of the night, showing 
such concern for Mrs. Olsen?! 
Seeing Lewis arrive, Aunt South immediately exclaimed, “Mr. Horton, please come in.” 
She dared to stop Keira, but she wouldn’t dare to stop 
Lewis!! 
When Lewis heard this, he entered the door, and as he. passed by Keira, he hesitated a little, and he took a
careful look at her. 
Her black cap was worn a bit low, hiding her eyes, and the mask was tightly secured-it was impossible to 
make out her face. 
But her height was somewhat similar to Keira’s… 
Thinking of this, Lewis lowered his gaze. 
Upon seeing this, Keira immediately followed behind 
him. 
Aunt South immediately shouted, “Hey, who let you in, 
you… 
Keira immediately pointed at Lewis, “I came in with 
him.” 
Aunt South was taken aback, looking at Lewis with hesitation. “Mr. Horton?” 
Lewis’s brow furrowed slightly. He looked again at Keira, still unable to discern her appearance, but his 
intuition told him that this woman wasn’t bad-hearted.
At least she meant no harm to Mrs. Olsen. 
Lewis pursed his lips and finally said, “Let her in.” 
Keira breathed a sigh of relief and followed behind 
him. 
The two entered the living room and just happened to see Taylor hurriedly coming down from upstairs. 
Lewis asked, “How is Mrs. Olsen? Why was she suddenly discharged from the hospital?” 
Taylor sighed. “This afternoon, she woke up and 
B/9 
insisted that Keira wasn’t dead. He was a bit too 
agitated, and then he refused to stay in the hospital. I had no choice but to bring her back.” 
The reason was flawless. 
Lewis thought about how he himself couldn’t accept that corpse, let alone Mrs. Olsen? 
He pursed his lips. “May I see her?” 
Taylor’s gaze flickered immediately.
Today, when he took action against Jodie South, he had been a bit heavy-handed, which resulted in marks on her body that weren’t presentable. 
Taylor said, “Shirley just finished taking a bath, and she’s asleep now. Please come back another day.” 
In the future, one must never strike where the marks 
could be seen. 
But Lewis felt that something was off. 
He couldn’t put his finger on what was wrong, but it was an intuition. 
He knitted his brows, about to say something, when the woman beside him suddenly bent over, clutching 
719 
her stomach, and spoke in a fragile voice, “Sir, sorry, but I, I ate something bad today and need to use the 
restroom. May I?” 
Taylor immediately scowled. “And you are?” 
“I’m a friend of Mr. Horton…” 
Lewis’s brow furrowed slightly when he heard this.
As soon as Keira finished speaking, she covered her behind with her other hand. “I’m sorry, I really can’t hold it!” 
After saying this, she looked around and asked Aunt 
South, “Where’s the restroom?” 
Aunt South pointed to the downstairs bathroom, just about to speak, when she heard Keira say, “Upstairs, right? Thank you!” 
Without another word, she agilely darted upstairs. 
Aunt South was dumbfounded. 
Taylor’s expression changed slightly. He immediately turned around. “Don’t go upstairs!” 
Before he could move, however, Lewis blocked his way. “Father-in-law, this friend of mine is a bit 
careless. Please don’t take it to heart…” 
Taylor’s face tensed with anxiety. 
He clenched his jaw and looked at Lewis. 
But Lewis remained unflinching, only seeing the girl zigzagging in the corridor, heading nowhere else but straight to Mrs. Olsen’s bedroom door. 
Taylor immediately shouted, “Don’t enter!”
Aunt South also rushed toward the stairs. 
But Keira merely paused briefly, then narrowed her eyes and immediately pushed the door open and burst 
in! 
o 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 266
The room was dark; no lights had been turned on. 
Keira could barely make out someone on the bed, so she immediately turned and switched on the light. 
The incandescent light came on. 
Keira spotted Jodie at a glance. 
She lay quietly in bed, eyes closed, sleeping. Her hands rested peacefully on her chest in a prim and proper sleeping posture. 
Keira took a step forward, intending to take a closer look, but the sound of hurried footsteps came from behind her. 
Instantly, Aunt South and Taylor charged into the room, one after the other! 
Aunt South frowned and lowered her voice in 
reprimand. “What are you doing barging in like this? 
Get out now!” 
But Keira didn’t move. Instead, she approached Mrs. Olsen, observing carefully. “I just happened to come by and wanted to check on Mrs. Olsen.” 
“How can you be so impolite! What kind of classmate are you?! Really, you are…” Aunt South walked over, blocking her way. 
Taylor also furrowed his brows. “Miss, if you don’t leave now, I’m going to call the police!” 
No sooner had he said this than Lewis remarked 
indifferently from the doorway. “She just went into the wrong room. There’s no need to make a fuss about it, right?” 
Taylor clenched his fists, looking helplessly at Lewis. “Mr. Horton, what do you mean by this? Shirley is 
already frail, and this severe shock has led to a mental 
collapse. We should hurry out and not talk here in case we further upset her.” 
Keira immediately expressed her doubts. “I heard Mrs. Olsen is a light sleeper. With so much noise. how has she not woken up?” 
Upon hearing this, Aunt South answered, “Because the lady took sedatives before sleep!” 
She asked, “What do you need these details for? Who exactly are you? Are you related to the murderer of 
Miss Keira?” 
дед
Her demeanor didn’t seem like that of a liar. 
Keira turned her gaze back to Taylor. 
She saw Taylor also looking at her with skepticism, with no guilt in his eyes. 
As she sized up the two of them, she suddenly felt a scrutinizing gaze fall upon her. 
Only then did Keira realize that even Lewis was staring 
at her. 
The man’s eyes were swirling with emotion as if he had begun to harbor some doubts… 
Keira immediately took a step back, stating calmly, “I’m a high school classmate of Keira, entrusted by Uncle 
Olsen to visit Mrs. Olsen…” 
Indeed, as soon as “Uncle Olsen” was mentioned, the 
three people in the room immediately stopped their 
questioning. 
Aunt South dismissed her suspicions out of hand. “Why didn’t you say so directly?” 
Taylor just clenched his jaw and said nothing. 
Lewis, however, gave her another couple of looks
before slowly withdrawing his gaze. 
Without further ado, Taylor said, “Well, you’ve seen her now, and there’s nothing wrong with her. Can you leave now? Please do not disturb my wife any further!” 
Lewis was the first to step back, leaving the room. 
Keira kept her eyes on the hospital bed, looking toward Taylor. “Uncle Olsen asked me to find out when exactly Mrs. Olsen will wake up. If she doesn’t get better, he has a doctor prepared and would like to bring him to see Mrs. Olsen…” 
There was an insistent undertone in her words. 
Taylor understood, and his brow furrowed. 
Seeing his reaction, Lewis suddenly lowered his gaze. 
He clenched his fist and said, “Keira’s funeral is 
tomorrow. Isn’t my mother-in-law going to say goodbye to her? If she’s unable to be there, it implies her condition is serious, so maybe I should take her to the hospital.” 
Lewis’s request was quite inconsiderate. 
Taylor had been a devoted husband to Jodie for over
twenty years. Furthermore, his previous behavior 
when Jodie was ill left no one in doubt that if 
something happened to her, Taylor would surely take his own life. Such marital devotion couldn’t be 
questioned. 
Thus, neither Lewis nor Keira had ever considered that Taylor would abuse Jodie. 
The two of them were simply concerned that Mrs. Olsen’s strange condition shouldn’t be delayed. 
Taylor promptly said, “There’s no need. Shirley is much better now. She’s just very sleepy and lethargic.” 
He lowered his gaze, knowing he had to give an 
tion, and slowly added,. “Before going to sleep, kept saying that she must attend the funeral 
row no matter what. We’ll be there 
vis gave him a long look. “Alright, we’ll meet at the 
neral tomorrow.” 
Okay, Mr. Horton. I’ll walk you downstairs.” 
After saying this, Taylor didn’t move but looked toward
Keira 
choice, Keira reluctantly left the room, 
< 
constantly turning back as she went. 
It wasn’t until she was out the door, away from the Olsen family home, standing on the street, that she still found herself gazing up at the lit room on the second floor. 
Unfortunately, the room’s curtains blocked the view inside… She couldn’t see what was happening there. 
Thus, she didn’t see that after she and Lewis left, Taylor hurried upstairs, made an excuse to send Aunt South away, and then he finally came to the bedside. 
His hand gently stroked Jodie’s face. “Shirley, did you see that? The love I’ve had for you for so many years has made Aunt South trust me without hesitation. No 
one will help you, so just be obedient, okay?” 
He bowed his head, pressing it against her chest. 
Listening to her heartbeat, he closed his eyes contentedly. “I know you can hear everything. Shirley, don’t worry, tomorrow I’ll take you to the funeral to send her off, but the person who will be going is just you. You can’t move. Don’t blame me. I’m just afraid they will take you away…” 
After saving these words he lifted the blanket and lav
611 
down beside Jodie. 
He stretched out his arm and held Jodie tightly in his 
embrace. 
Mrs. Olsen, with her eyes closed, had tears streaming from the corners of her eyes. 
She wasn’t asleep; she could hear all the noises outside. Others might not have noticed, but having watched Keira grow up since she was a child, she recognized-the girl sent by Sam was Keira!! 
But she was unable to respond because she had been injected with a drug! 
The breath of the man beside her filled her with a 
sense of humiliation. It was unbearable! 
Mrs. Olsen tried her best to lift her arm, to push the person away, but it was of no use. 
She closed her eyes in despair. 
Taylor, however, had a smile on his lips; his lifelong wish had finally been fulfilled. Just the thought of Mrs. Olsen lying beside him made him feel that his life was complete! 
He soon fell asleep. 
Mrs. Olsen, listening to his even breathing, suddenly opened her eyes! 
Keira had assumed a different identity and hadn’t 
revealed her identity, most likely to guard against the 
murderer… 
She couldn’t just remain imprisoned; she had to rescue 
herself! 
She needed to tell Keira that the murderer was Taylor, to let Keira lower her guard and to be herself again… 
But how could she save herself? 
Her body couldn’t muster any strength… 
Just as she thought this, her fingers touched a small slip of paper, which felt smooth and unlike ordinary paper. It was… thermal paper! 
It was given to her by Keira just now! 
A flicker of hope suddenly shone in Mrs. Olsen’s pupils. 
Thermal paper was usually used in supermarkets for printing receipts; scratching it with a fingernail reveals a mark. Being small, the paper could easily conceal any written message. 
HL 
Keira must have suspected something, which was why 
she left her this. 
And thinking about what Lewis had said, she was going to Keira’s funeral tomorrow… so Keira would definitely 
be there too! 
She had a chance to be saved! 
Mrs. Olsen immediately used all her strength to write a few words on the piece of paper. “Taylor is the murderer, save me.” Then she clenched it tightly in her 
palm. 
Downstairs, Keira withdrew her gaze. 
Although she knew she shouldn’t suspect Taylor because he had protected her mother for over twenty years and had never quarreled with her, Keira still felt uneasy. She found Jodie’s situation strange. 
Just now, taking advantage of the darkness in the room, she rushed to the bedside and quickly left a small piece of thermal paper by her hand. 
That way, as long as she could move, she could pass on 
a message…
If all her concerns were overblown, that certainly would be best. 
But if her mother was really in trouble, this would offer a way to ask for help. 
Thinking this, Keira breathed a sigh of relief. As she turned back, she saw Lewis watching her intently in the dark, “Miss Keera, right? Please take off the mask.” 
His words were polite, but his tone was not up for negotiation at all. 
Keira instinctively covered her mask. 
She felt the man’s eyes bore into her as if suspecting something, his tone demanding confirmation. She narrowed her eyes in response. 
Keira lowered her gaze. “I’m sorry, I have a skin 
condition.” 
But Lewis suddenly stepped forward, his figure overshadowing her. “Then, Miss Keera, could you please explain to me how you are so familiar with the 
Olsen residence?” 
Being able to accurately locate Mrs. Olsen’s room upstairs meant she had definitely been to the house 
107
before! 
Keira coughed, “Uncle Olsen told me…” 
Before she could come up with a better excuse, the man moved suddenly, reaching out to remove her mask! 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
> 
###Chapter 267
Lewis’s eyes were filled with urgency.” 
When the girl visited the hospital, he was immersed in his pain and grief, not noticing her. 
What puzzled him further was why, if Keira was still alive, she wouldn’t come to acknowledge him… 
But today, he ran into her again here. 
Her concern for Mrs. Olsen was beyond ordinary; even if she claimed to have been sent by Uncle Olsen, the understanding they shared just now made him suspect 
she was Keira! 
And then there was the familiar figure… 
He didn’t want to hear her excuses; he just wanted to 
see if that face beneath the mask was the one he 
yearned for in his dreams! 
Unfortunately, his fingers barely touched her before 
perceptive Keira stepped back. 
Keira’s voice was subconsciously cold. “Mr. Horton, please show some self-respect!” 
11
That voice… 
Lewis’s eyes suddenly reddened. “Keira!” 
Keira paused momentarily. 
Had he really suspected her and recognized her? 
Before she could speak, Lewis blurted out anxiously, “Why don’t you come home?” 
Keira frowned.”Mr. Horton, I don’t know what you’re talking about…” 
“You…” 
Just as Lewis wanted to say more, a voice suddenly interrupted him. “Keera!” 
Both turned their heads to see Howard holding Amy as they walked down from a nearby car, his gaze hostile as he scolded Lewis. “Who is this? What are you pulling 
at each other for here?” 
Keira raised an eyebrow but said nothing. 
Lewis looked at him, puzzled. 
Howard marched directly in front of Keira. “You, a married woman, are behaving so intimately with 
another man; what kind of behavior is this? Who is he? 
You must explain yourself to me today!” 
Howard’s mother also approached from the car. “Exactly, Keera, you seem like a decent housewife usually, but who knew you’d be so flirtatious in 
private? Your face isn’t even healed, and here you are seducing another man. How could you do this to my 
son?” 
Lewis was baffled by the couple’s accusations. 
Keira feigned a vulnerable, aggrieved demeanor, “Howard, Mom, I didn’t…” 
“How could you not? We saw everything! You were pulling at each other, nearly embracing! And now you say it didn’t happen, how shameless can you be!” 
Howard’s mother shoved Keira forcefully and snatched Amy from Howard’s arms, scoffing. “Damaged goods, see? Your mother is so lowly; don’t you dare grow up 
to be like her!” 
Amy, not understanding these words, stared 
wide-eyed and reached out to Keira. “Mommy, hug, hug…” 
Keira stepped forward, snatching Amy from Howard’s mother. “It’s not like that. he said I looked like a thief 
sneaking around with a mask on, and he told me to 
take it off…” 
Howard finally asked, “Really?” 
Keira, seemingly afraid he wouldn’t believe her, immediately nodded, “It’s true…” 
Then, she looked toward Lewis. “Mr. Horton, could you please clear this up quickly? Otherwise, my husband and mother-in-law might misunderstand…” 
Lewis gazed at them, dumbfounded. 
The woman was wearing the mask and cap, her expression obscured, but Howard and his mother, and even the two-year-old child, didn’t seem to be lying. 
So, this woman wasn’t Keira? 
Of course… 
The DNA matched the body, which was still at home, and he had been the one refusing to believe or face the 
truth, forever in denial… 
Upon closer inspection, Howard realized that even without speaking, Lewis looked a bit dazed as if he wasn’t the sharpest tool in the shed, yet his demeanor was undeniably distinguished. 
267 Nete 
Moreover, to be able to live in this community, he must belong to the smaller circles of Oceanion’s elite… 
Howard’s tone softened slightly. “My wife’s face is injured and covered in iodine, which can’t be washed off right now; she’s not presentable, and that’s why she’s wearing a mask. Don’t take any offense, sir.” 
Lewis looked back at Keira again. 
Covered in iodine… 
Indeed, there was a hint of yellow on the skin that was 
exposed beside her mask. 
Was that theason s was wearing it? 
A deep 
se of 
clenc 
s fists 
he 
ettled in Lewis’s heart; he 
y and nodded, “My apologies.” 
and walked away.
orn and sad, a heartbreaking sight. 
“Making a fuss over nothing. Don’t 
he is.” 
looked back, he saw Keira watching the y, and he immediately snapped. “What are ng at? Sure, the guy’s handsome, but he’s a 
51 
rich playboy; he would never be interested in you!” 
Knowing Keera’s personality, Keira knew she would surely beg pitifully and desperately, trying to clarify 
that she had no such intentions. 
Howard hadn’t expected the woman who had just shown weakness in front of him to simply glance at him indifferently and then turn around, holding the child and getting into the car. 
Howard felt a chill in the depths of his heart from that glance, and then he sneered. 
“This Keera is always so mysterious. Who knows what 
she’s up to now!” 
The group drove to the hotel. 
Keira was still pondering how to bring up the topic of sleeping with Amy that night and making Howard leave, when Howard said, “You take care of Amy tonight. I’ll sleep in Mom’s room.”
Keira was surprised. 
She had certainly heard when they were checking in 
that Howard had booked two double rooms! 
He’s going to share a room with his mom?! 
24.62 
10/1 
Her hesitant expression made Howard’s mother snicker, and with a slight lift of her chin, she said, 
“What are you looking at? At home, Howard always sleeps with me. How come at the hotel, he is supposed 
to sleep with you?” 
Keira was shocked 
Howard said with a sneer that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Keera, my father passed away early. Since I was a child, I’ve always been sharing a room with my mom. Don’t make a scene like you do at home. Otherwise, it would be too embarrassing!” 
Keira felt that there was something indefinably amiss 
about the mother and son before her. 
She picked up Amy and headed straight for the other hotel room.
Having never cared for children before, Keira looked up information online, only to find that Amy was surprisingly easy to take care of. She was 
extraordinarily well-behaved, not crying or fussing, and at the age of two, she could already bathe herself 
with a towel. 
14.52 
Once her milk was prepared she would take the bottle to bed herself. Then, with a light pat on her own bottom, she would lull herself to sleep. 
Watching her, Keira’s heart melted. 
The more well-behaved Amy was, the clearer it became that she must have suffered a great deal at home before. 
It wouldn’t happen again… 
With her around, she would absolutely not let Amy 
suffer any longer! 
Keira lay down on the bed and soon started tossing and turning, her thoughts returning to Mrs. Olsen whom she saw at the Olsen family today. For some reason, she always felt that her mother’s deep sleep was a bit strange this time.
Even her brows were deeply furrowed. 
Keira didn’t sleep well at all that night, overly worried 
about Mrs. Olsen. 
Dawn arrived soon, and today was the day Mrs. 
Horton’s remains were to be cremated and laid to rest. 
Olsen family. 
w 
821 
Taylor sent Aunt South away to help Mrs. Olsen pack her things. 
Mrs. Olsen’s body was metabolizing the medication, and she was gaining some strength. She watched Taylor approaching with a syringe, her pupils constricting, “No…” 
“There, there, Shirley, just take the injection peacefully, and I’ll take you to see Keira,” he said gently, though his tone was devilish, causing Mrs. Olsen to shake her head, her eyes pleading… 
Taylor stood in front of her, looking at her with an expression of reluctance. “Just bear with it a little longer… After today, I’ll take you away, and we won’t need this medication anymore, alright?” 
His eyes were tender but sent a chill down Mrs. Olsen’s spine! 
Taylor then mercilessly injected the contents of the syringe into her arm…
The cold liquid entered her body, and Mrs. Olsen, already weak, now felt even more powerless… 
Her eyes reddening, she stared fixedly at Taylor. 
Taylor touched her face and kissed her lips, “Shirley, you are finally completely mine…” 
His hand slowly moved down her body, abruptly seizing her leg… 
Desire burned in the man’s eyes, and his breathing suddenly grew ragged. 
A tear slid down Mrs. Olsen’s cheek. 
Taylor paused when he saw it, gently wiping away her tears. “You still don’t want to be mine? Shirley, when will you accept me…” 
No sooner had these words fallen than his hand 
forcefully gripped her chin, forcing her to look up at him. He then fiercely biting her shoulder! 
“Ugh!” 
The pain caused Mrs. Olsen to cry out. 
Outside, Aunt South’s voice suddenly could be heard, “Mr. Olsen, Mrs. Olsen, everything has been placed in the car.” 
Mrs. Olsen looked at Taylor with a pleading gaze. 
Taylor smiled, patting her face, “Let’s go see Keira first.
10/ 
After we come back, I’ll have you tonight…” 
Mrs. Olsen trembled all over 
Her fists clenched tightly as if she could not bear the indignity. 
Seeing this, Taylor just smiled and picked her up to 
take her outside. 
He didn’t notice the piece of paper tightly clenched in Mrs. Olsen’s palm. 
1 
R Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
> 
图 
Terrible
###Chapter 268
In the car, Taylor saw that Mrs. Olsen’s face was set and her eyes were fiercely staring at him. He smiled and said, “Shirley, I know you’re sad and angry, but we must show up for Keira’s final journey. Please stop frowning, okay?” 
He reached out, smoothed her furrowed brows and directed her gaze elsewhere. 
He quietly sighed when he noticed her hands were clenched tightly into fists. 
He knew that Mrs. Olsen was still resisting him, still 
angry… 
It was fine as long as it wasn’t evident on the surface. 
Soon, the Olsen family car arrived at the Horton residence and parked in the parking lot. Taylor then 
assisted Mrs. Olsen out of the car and into a 
wheelchair, placing her in it afterward. 
Taylor wheeled Mrs. Olsen toward the direction of the 
memorial hall. 
Along the way, those who saw them greeted and 
11
offered Mrs. Olsen words of condolence. 
Taylor would silently sigh. “Shirley is heartbroken, without any strength…” 
The others immediately said, “Mrs. Olsen, Mrs. Horton surely wouldn’t have wanted to see you hurting yourself like this. Please try to come to peace with it…” 
No one suspected Taylor of doing anything to her. 
Because the whole of Oceanion knew that Taylor was a model husband and thoroughly devoted. 
He had maintained this persona for twenty-two years and four months, never arousing anyone’s suspicion! 
Mrs. Olsen observed the people around her; showing just a hint of anger would lead them to comfort her… 
Taylor wheeled her swiftly to the memorial hall. 
Her gaze initially fell upon the place where the memorial was being held, and she saw Horton family servants attaching Keira’s black-and-white portrait. 
Someone explained, “Mr. Horton had been refusing to accept Mrs. Horton’s death, so he wouldn’t agree to the display of the portrait. Today, with the burial scheduled, he finally relented. Sigh! Mr. Horton is also 
a man of deep feelings…” 
Taylor crouched beside Mrs. Olsen. Noticing her gaze fixed on the portrait, he smiled and said, “Shirley, are you thinking that Sam is about to give himself away at the sight of this photo?” 
Mrs. Olsen’s eyes turned to him. 
Taylor then said indifferently, “He won’t come today because you sent him a message yesterday, telling him you would show up and asking him not to.” 
Hearing this, Mrs. Olsen was stunned. 
Her phone had been closely monitored; how could she have possibly sent a message? 
So, this was another act of Taylor’s! 
He had killed Keira yet here he was, preventing Sam from coming here… All of this filled her with rage, anger, and a longing to tear his flesh, to drink his blood!! 
Just then, a commotion arose at the entrance. 
Mrs. Olsen looked up to see Lewis, who hadn’t been seen here in the last three days, standing outside the door. 
Lewis no longer had his previous spirited demeanor; he looked disheveled and emaciated. 
Since returning last night, he had locked himself in the study. 
He stared at the report of the deceased and DNA test results on the desk, which clearly confirmed the identity of the corpse to be Keira. 
He gazed at it long and hard until the break of dawn, when he finally realized that Keira might truly have disappeared from this world. 
His heart felt dead… 
He even thought of following her in death! 
But he couldn’t do that-there was still his 
grandmother! 
He saw his grandmother’s white hair, her thin figure, and the deep concern and sorrow in her eyes. 
In her life, his grandmother had seen her husband’s passing, raised a son who betrayed her, and took care of Lewis. Now, she couldn’t properly grieve for her granddaughter-in-law’s death because she had to worry about him! 
Lewis understood that his current state would only cause pain to his loved ones and joy to his foes!
So, he showed up today. 
For the first time, he looked toward Keira’s memorial 
hall. 
He saw her black-and-white portrait, her smile blooming like flowers… 
Flashes of their first encounter crossed his mind. 
At the Olsen residence, the young woman ran up to him, cocked an eyebrow, and teasingly called out, 
“Husband?” 
At the company, dressed in a delivery uniform, the girl stood arrogantly and said, “Mr. Horton, I hope Horton Group doesn’t discriminate against couriers.” 
At the restaurant, she donned a chef’s attire and 
cheerfully looked at him. “Mr. Horton, got time to pop by the courthouse?” 
“Mr. Horton… 
“Mr. Horton…” 
And when she occasionally got angry, she’d call out his 
571 
full name “Lewis Horton!” 
His ears still echoed with her crisp voice, yet that girl 
was now lying in that cold, frigid casket, her features unrecognizable! 
Lewis stared blankly ahead. 
The people around approached to exchange pleasantries, but he remained silent throughout. 
At this moment, Keira and Howard also entered. 
1 
Keira was still wearing a mask and a cap. As soon as the two entered, Howard spotted Lewis and immediately grabbed Keira, pointing at him. “Look, isn’t that the man who harassed you last night?” 
Keira subtly avoided his pull. 
Her gaze searched the room for Mrs. Olsen and soon, she spotted her. Her face lit up with joy, and she walked briskly toward her. 
Howard was about to speak, but when he turned his head, he saw that she had disappeared. Frowning, he 
was about to look for her when he overheard someone 
beside him pointing at Lewis and saying, “Mr. Horton has really gone mad… He doesn’t say a word…” 
Howard was slightly stunned. 
He looked at Lewis in astonishment. 
The man from last night was Lewis Horton?! 
Lewis, the tycoon of Oceanion, the patriarch of the first family?! 
Was it he who pestered his wife last night? 
While Howard was in shock, he suddenly heard someone nearby speak. 
“Mrs. Horton’s photo is finally put up today. It was always so mysterious, and she rarely showed her face publicly. No wonder Mr. Horton can’t stop thinking 
about her…” 
As a man, upon hearing such words, Howard curiously turned his attention to the black-and-white photo hanging in the center of the memorial hall. 
One look, and he was completely dumbfounded. 
He exclaimed, “Isn’t that Keera?” 
Wasn’t that his wife?! 
Elsewhere. 
71
when both he and Lewis were distracted and walked over to Taylor and Mrs. Olsen’s side. 
Mrs. Olsen’s gaze locked onto her almost immediately! 
Keira! 
She couldn’t be mistaken about who that was! 
That was her daughter, Keira! 
Her eyes were filled with fervent emotion, but just before Keira could get close, Taylor stopped her, sneering. “Miss, has Uncle Olsen sent you again today?” 
Keira pursed her lips. “Yes, Uncle Olsen asked me to come and bid Mrs. Olsen farewell, and to express our 
best wishes.” 
Taylor prevented her from getting closer, lest she reveal some flaw. “I appreciate Uncle Olsen’s concern for my wife.” 
Taylor wanted to say more, but someone approached and said, “Mr. Olsen, my condolences.” 
Taylor’s attention was diverted. 
Keira took the chance to crouch down, looking at Mrs. 
91
Olsen and lowering her voice. “Mom, how are you?” 
Mom… 
Mrs. Olsen’s eyes reddened, and tears rolled down! 
But she couldn’t speak; she could only look at Keira excitedly. 
She struggled to move her lips, trying to stick out her tongue to make a sound, but she had no strength at all! 
Keira was taken aback. “What’s wrong?” 
Taylor’s voice came over, “Shirley is overwhelmed with grief, and she’s had a stroke… She needs good care, sigh.” 
A stroke? 
Keira was extremely surprised, tears welling up in her 
eyes. 
It was all her fault for not recognizing her mother in time, causing her to suffer so much… 
Keira looked at Mrs. Olsen. “You must get better…” 
Mrs. Olsen didn’t speak but only looked at her. 
Keira knew she was overwhelmed with emotion, so 
she took her hand. Just as she was about to say 
something, she suddenly felt a slip of paper in the palm of Mrs. Olsen’s hand! 
Keira was instantly stunned!! 
She had left this piece of paper yesterday as a 
precaution, to give her mother a chance to ask for help from the outside world, never expecting that Mrs. Olsen would actually use it!! 
Keira’s gaze suddenly became sharp. 
She silently stored the piece of paper in her palm, then stood up as if nothing had happened, swiftly moving 
away without attracting the notice of the vigilant Taylor. 
She quickly reached the corner, looked around, and saw no one nearby. 
Only then did she open the paper in her hand, and saw the words on it. “Taylor is the murderer! Help me!” 
1 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10
###Chapter 269
Upon seeing this note, Keira’s pupils suddenly shrank! 
Taylor was the murderer…? 
She had grown up in the Olsen family and knew that Mrs. Olsen actually was a capable person, but she wasn’t utilizing her own abilities and seemed to always avoid something. 
And this father, Taylor… she felt very unfamiliar with 
him. 
Did he possess such a great ability to abduct her and Keera without leaving a trace? 
She didn’t doubt the authenticity of the note, only that since she had returned, Samuel had reported all the investigation results to her after her incident. 
Moreover, as the Horton family was the first family of Oceanion, Lewis had been investigating the murderer’s clues during this time, yet there were still no leads. 
To be able to do this so covertly meant that Taylor either hid his capabilities or had help from someone 
10 
else! 
Keira clenched her jaw tightly.
Last time Keera came to her saying that someone was going to kill them, she didn’t believe it, thinking it was too absurd, yet the result was Keera’s death. 
Every time she thought of this, remembered how Keera could have abandoned her in the end, could have climbed onto the wooden board herself, but instead gave her the chance to live, her chest felt stifling… 
It was her underestimation that had killed Keera. 
Keira knew that the perpetrator was the murderer, but she couldn’t help feeling guilty and self-blaming. 
So when she saw Mrs. Olsen’s plea for help, she dared not act rashly, fearing that if she didn’t subdue Taylor in her move, she might instead harm her mother! 
She took a deep breath, knowing that she must seek help now. 
But whom should she ask for help? 
Lewis? 
2791 
No sooner had this thought surfaced than Keira immediately suppressed it. 
She pondered for a moment and finally decided to seek help from Uncle Olsen! 
Although she didn’t know the past between Uncle Olsen and her mother and was even more unclear about what their “never to see each other again” meant, after a few interactions with Uncle Olsen, she
trusted her intuition. 
Uncle Olsen held no malice towards her or her mother. 
Perhaps only Uncle Olsen would risk his life for her 
mother! 
As Keira was contemplating, she heard a stir from the direction of the memorial hall. It was time to transfer 
the deceased to the crematorium and then lay her to 
rest. 
She quickly pulled out her phone and sent Uncle Olsen a message: “Mrs. Olsen handed me a note saying that the murderer of her daughter is Taylor and she seems to be controlled! She is asking me for help!” 
After sending the message, she saw people carrying 
the coffin out, placing it on the vehicle from the 
crematorium. 
Lewis didn’t follow the vehicle but was staring blankly as the car took the body away while standing still in a daze.
He was motionless, adhering to a set procedure. 
Someone held up Keira’s black-and-white photo and followed behind the crematorium’s vehicle; after the 
cremation, they wouldn’t return but would head straight for the cemetery. 
A voice nearby asked, 
“Isn’t Mrs. Horton going to be buried in the Horton family’s cemetery?” 
“I heard that Mr. Horton refused, saying that it wasn’t Mrs. Horton… He stubbornly wouldn’t admit that the 
deceased was Mrs. Horton…” 
“Alas, did you see Mr. Horton’s state? He looks 
completely out of sorts; I’ve never seen him so disheveled.” 
“Mr. Horton truly loved his wife deeply…” 
48 
The murmurings of the crowd reached Keira’s ears. 
However, she turned a deaf ear, scanning the crowd for Taylor and Mrs. Olsen’s whereabouts, and saw that Taylor had already carried Mrs. Olsen into the vehicle.
“Mrs. Olsen is too heartbroken to go to the crematorium. Coming here today considers it the last journey for Mrs. Horton. Alas, such a pitiful person.” 
“I just heard that they are leaving the country tomorrow. Mr. Olsen said a change of place might help them clear their minds,” 
“That’s appropriate. Staying here only serves as a daily reminder of their daughter’s tragic state. But the murderer hasn’t been found yet, and no one knows which damned person did it!” 
Keira’s expression became urgent, and she immediately hurried toward the parking lot. 
Not far outside of the Horton residence, a black SUV 
was parked. 
Uncle Olsen was sitting quietly inside, gazing in the 
direction of the Hortons’ house. 
Ellis said, “Uncle, if you truly want to see Mrs. Horton 
off, go inside and have a look. What’s the point of hiding out here?” 
However, Uncle Olsen didn’t respond. His eyes were fixed on the screen of his phone, on the text message interface with Mrs. Olsen. 
It had been over twenty years since they last contacted each other.
He had finally obtained Mrs. Olsen’s number, but there were only a few short messages. 
“Could you dne a favor?” 
“If you as 
ust comply. Tell me.” 
That 
terday 
versation. Today, she finally 
rep 
“Ple 
d 
1. 
Oceanion as soon as possible 
my life.” 
ned his fists, feeling a sting in his ords. 
way of speaking. 
years ago, she had been just as ruthless 
EVER
C 
. 
Twenty years later, she remained uncompromising. 
Uncle Olsen forced a bitter smile, yet he loved her for this same demeanor, which had captivated him for 
more than twenty years. 
Having seen her, no other woman could catch his eye. 
His gaze lowered, and he saw the hearse driving away. People followed, carrying a black-and-white picture of Keira, but Uncle Olsen didn’t notice. 
Because his gaze was on the Olsen family’s car. 
Through the window, even though he couldn’t see the people inside clearly, he vaguely made out the 
silhouette of Mrs. Olsen. She was sitting quietly in the 
back seat… 
Uncle Olsen gazed at her greedily, knowing that this glance might be their final farewell… 
As the car passed by his, time in his eyes slowed to a crawl; every minute, every second, even every frame he wanted to engrave deeply in his memory. 
It was only after the Olsen family’s car had gone, obscured by other vehicles and no longer visible, that he reluctantly withdrew his gaze.
719 
Uncle Olsen took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and shielded the tears in them. 
When he spoke again, his voice was low and choked. “Let’s go.” 
Ellis opened the car door. “Uncle, you head back first. I’ll stay here to watch over Lewis. That man better not 
get trapped by the notion of love.” 
Even though they were arch-enemies in school, Ellis and Lewis were the kind who appreciated each other. 
End 
Well, Ellis appreciated Lewis. Whether Lewis 
appreciated him, Ellis didn’t know. 
But Ellis always valued loyalty, so it seemed best to stay a while longer. 
After all, with Lewis’s personality and social status, no one dared speak the truth to him for fear of upsetting 
him. 
The car door closed, and the driver started the engine.
It was only then that Uncle Olsen saw the message on WhatsApp. Upon spotting a message from his young friend, he shouted, “Stop the car!” 
“Shhh!” 
8.D 
Ellis was waving at the car, and when it suddenly stopped, he approached quickly. “Uncle, what is it? Can’t bear to part with me?” 
As soon as the words were out, the car window rolled down, and Uncle Olsen looked at him gravely. “Gather all our men. We need to go to the Olsen residence!” 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 270
Hearing Uncle Olsen’s words, Ellis was briefly startled. · 
Then he tugged at the corner of his mouth. “Uncle, you’re not going to resort to force just because you can’t get what you want, are you? Such acts are not condoned in our family!” 
Uncle Olsen, however, had a frosty look in his eyes as he asked, “How many people have you brought with you to Oceanion?” 
What Keira could think of, Uncle Olsen had thought of 
as well! 
The person who could quietly kill Mrs. Horton under Lewis’s watchful eye in Oceanion and then retreat without a trace, leaving no evidence behind to this day, was definitely no ordinary individual. 
Seeing his serious expression, Ellis realized the gravity of the situation. He promptly opened his mouth, “My bodyguards, together with yours, in the open and in the shadows, we have roughly 30 men.” 
Uncle Olsen clenched his jaw; he didn’t know if these 
1 
1 
< 
men would be enough. 
But he knew that they could not afford a single 
mistake! 
He looked directly toward the Horton residence. 
“Borrow men from Lewis.” 
“Okay, how many?” 
“The more the better. Surround the Olsen residence. I 
don’t want a single fly to escape!” 
“Yes!” 
Ellis immediately ran toward the Horton residence. 
Since Lewis was unwilling to go to the crematory, Oliver represented him, taking Jake along as well. 
Lewis still stood in place, staring in the direction the vehicles had departed. 
He rapidly approached Lewis. “My Uncle asks to borrow some of your manpower.” 
This statement finally elicited a reaction from Lewis. 
Yet without asking for details, he simply said, “Let Tom 
arrange it.” 
“Okay.”
1 
Ellis turned to leave but glanced back at Lewis. Seeing his dispirited form, he could only pat his shoulder and turn to depart. 
Keira saw Ellis leave and took steps to follow, but Howard grabbed her wrist. “Where are you going?” 
Keira’s eyes flickered. “Uncle Olsen asked me to check on Mrs. Olsen again.” 
Howard, however, looked at her strangely and suddenly smiled. “Will you come back tonight?” 
Keira found him to be a bit odd, but her mind was entirely focused on Mrs. Olsen, and she only said, “Yes.” 
She left in a hurry. 
She didn’t see that after she left, Howard approach Lewis and spoke in a low voice, “Mr. Horton, I also believe that your wife isn’t dead.” 
Lewis turned to look at him. 
Howard, with a pleasing smile, took a step forward an 
leaned into his ear… 
1
< 
Keira was utterly unaware of what Howard was doing. At the moment, she had already run out of the Horton residence and happened to see Ellis reporting to Uncle 
Olsen. 
She ran over, opened the car door, and got in. 
Because she wore a mask, Ellis didn’t see her face and 
was startled. “Hey, you are…” 
Uncle Olsen then intervened. “This is my friend.” 
Ellis immediately showed a gossip-hungry expression, giving Keira a piercing look. 
At that moment, someone came to report. “Uncle, we’ve found out that Taylor has taken Mrs. Olsen 
home. Our men have surrounded the villa, and we are 
just waiting for you!” 
“Let’s go immediately!” 
The Olsen residence. 
Taylor carried Mrs. Olsen upstairs. 
Aunt South stepped forward, about to help Mrs. Olsen out of her outerwear, but Taylor said, “I’ll do it, Aunt
South.” 
10.15 
1 
< 
Aunt South paused, “Sir?” 
Taylor insistently looked at her. “I said, I would do it.” 
Aunt South furrowed her brows, turning to look at Mrs. Olsen, only to see Mrs. Olsen staring back at her with a dismal gaze. 
Taylor continued. “Aunt South, after being married to Shirley for over twenty years, I thought you would 
understand me.” 
Aunt South fell silent for a moment before nodding. “Then I’ll leave you to it.” 
As Mrs. Olsen watched her walk away, her eyes showed a look of shock. Then she saw Aunt South leave the room, thoughtfully closing the door behind them. 
The moment the door shut, Taylor turned his head to look her way. 
“Shirley…” 
He walked over slowly and began to help Mrs. Olsen
out of her clothes. When it came down to the undergarment, Mrs. Olsen bit her lip firmly, and tears once again silently rolled down her cheeks. 
1 
< 
Her stubborn rejection infuriated Taylor in an instant! 
He pulled out his belt, brandished it, and just as he was about to swing it at Mrs. Olsen, he suddenly stopped. “I can’t hit you, Shirley. Before we leave tomorrow, you can’t show any flaws, otherwise, Lewis will notice…” 
He frowned, “But if I can’t hit you, how can I make you 
submit?” 
Soon, his eyes slightly lit up, “I have an idea!” 
Taylor, having said this, grabbed Mrs. Olsen by the hair and dragged her into the bathroom, where the bathtub was already filled with water. 
He put Mrs. Olsen into the bathtub and then ruthlessly pushed her head down into the water!! 
“Gurgle…” 
Bubbles appeared in the bathtub, and Taylor lif Olsen’s head, gently wiping her cheeks with a to
asking her, “Shirley, are you willing to give in to m 
now?” 
Mrs. Olsen’s face was covered with water. 
She glared fiercely at Taylor, unable to speak, but she managed to spit water into his face! 
1 
||| 
Taylor wiped his cheeks, his expression hideous and terrifying. “Shirley, you’re too naughty, you still need to be taught a lesson…” 
As these words fell, he once again pushed her head 
into the water!! 
Mrs. Olsen only felt that her nose and mouth were filled with water, the liquid seeming to turn into blades that twisted into her lungs, causing a suffocating pain 
in her chest! 
In these extreme conditions, her body finally reacted.
But because she had been injected with a muscle relaxant, she ultimately couldn’t push him away and could only struggle weakly… 
Mrs. Olsen felt darkness before her eyes, and th suffocating pain tormented her, making her feel though she would die at any moment! 
But she didn’t want to die yet! 
She had just gotten her daughter back, and she didn’ 
want to make her sad! 
The next moment, she was dragged out of the water again. 
1 
She gasped for air; the fresh air was so precious to her! 
But before she could catch her breath, her head was pushed back into the water! 
Perhaps the effects of the injection were slowly dissipating, or perhaps it was the instinct to survive that granted her strength, her hands finally felt sensation. She grabbed Taylor’s hand, trying to make him let go… 
But Taylor was much stronger than her, and she 
couldn’t break free at all!
“Splash!” 
The pain of her scalp being torn was intense, but it was nothing compared to the feeling of getting air 
again. 
While Mrs. Olsen was panting, Taylor once again close to her, firmly pinching her chin. “Shirley, ha you decided yet? Will you give in to me?” 
Mrs. Olsen still glared fiercely at him, her voice straining to utter two words “You’re disgusting!” 
“Slap!” 
1 
Taylor could no longer restrain himself and slapped her face hard! 
Then he grabbed her shoulders. “Why, would you rather die than be with me?!” 
Mrs. Olsen glared at him with rage, “Yes!” 
“You…!” 
Taylor clenched his fist tightly, then suddenly ripped open Mrs. Olsen’s clothes, leaving her feeling completely exposed… 
Her eyes widened in terror, trying to cover herself, but Taylor had already sneered. “Shirley, this is all your doing. You’re the reluctant one, and that’s why I have to force you!”
Having said that, he bent down… 
Meanwhile, downstairs. 
Uncle Olsen and Keira arrived in his car. 
They didn’t knock but had someone break open the door lock and rushed in with bodyguards! 
“What are you doing? Who are you people?” 
Aunt South shouted in alarm, trying to stop them, but 
1 
she was caught by the bodyguards! 
Uncle Olsen looked around. “Where is Taylor?” 
This was his first time at the Olsen house, and he was unfamiliar with the layout. 
Keira, however, saw panic on Aunt South’s face, and following her gaze, she immediately saw the master bedroom upstairs. 
She immediately said, “It’s there!!” 
Hearing her, Uncle Olsen and she rushed upstairs immediately. 
Just reaching the door of the master bedroom, they heard the miserable screams of Mrs. Olsen. “Taylor, let
me go!!”
###Chapter 271
Upon hearing this, Keira’s pupils constricted. · 
1 
She immediately tried to push open the door but found 
it was deadbolted from the inside. 
“Step aside.” 
Following that command, Uncle Olsen kicked out fiercely! 
“Bang!” 
The door was kicked open, sending wood splinters flying, but the two of them didn’t care and rushed straight into the room! 
They saw the master bedroom’s floor was wet, and Mrs. Olsen’s hands were tied to the bathroom handrail with a belt; the floor was strewn with a bath towel and 
torn clothes… 
Mrs. Olsen’s face was filled with anger and despair, her body trembling slightly. 
Taylor was shirtless at the time, wearing only pants that were soaked through. Hearing the door open, he turned sharply, and upon seeing Uncle Olsen and 
C 
<
271 Love 
Keira, he was taken aback. 
He had loved Mrs. Olsen for over twenty years and still loved her deeply, but that love had twisted into something else. Nevertheless, his first instinct was 
concern for Mrs. Olsen’s embarrassment! 
Especially in front of Uncle Olsen, he knew she would feel even more distressed, so Taylor’s first instinct was to grab a bath towel and cover Mrs. Olsen’s body! 
And so, he managed to maintain Mrs. Olsen’s dignity in front of others… 
Uncle Olsen only glanced once before he quickly averted his eyes, but his face suddenly turned ashen. 
Mrs. Olsen’s hands were tied, her expression pained and hopeless, clearly not there by her own volition and although she was wearing a bath towel, one co see the scars on her exposed shoulders and legs… 
Had she been a victim of domestic abuse?! 
This revelation struck Uncle Olsen, making his eyes instantly blaze with rage! 
She was the woman he had adored for over twenty years, whom he held dear in his heart and he had 
?
271 Love 
longed for so ardently. She was someone he could have taken by force given his status, yet he had never dared to do such a thing, deeming it would defile his goddess. And now, had she been mistreated by that bastard Taylor?! 
Fury taking over, he seized Taylor by the shoulder, dragged him forcefully out the door, and as soon as they were outside, his fist came crashing down! 
He didn’t sneak a peek at Mrs. Olsen, maintaining his gentlemanly composure throughout. 
Inside the bedroom. 
Keira was also furious. 
pect 
The mother she had always wanted to have, the one who was gentle and strong, who taught her t herself and not to despair over her origins, ha abused by Taylor?! 
Like Uncle Olsen and Taylor, she knew Mrs. Olse pride, so her first reaction was to close the door. 
Then, she rushed to Mrs. Olsen’s side, just about to speak when Aunt South, who had followed in, exclaimed in shock, “Madam, how could, how could this hannen?!” 
20.15 
< 
< 
271 Love 
Mrs. Olsen closed her eyes in humiliation, tears rolling down from her eyes. 
Aunt South immediately cried. “Madam, I thought the master just wanted to become true husband and wife with you. I’ve seen his kindness toward you over the years. How could he bear to treat you like this? Your injuries, these injuries…” 
Mrs. Olsen clenched her fists, her body trembling slightly. 
Keira immediately said, “Mom, don’t worry about that bastard. I’ll help you get dressed…” 
She stepped forward, undid the belt around Mrs. Olsen’s wrists, then turned to look for clothes, but since she hadn’t spent much time with Mrs. Olse he could only look toward Aunt South, asking, “Wh 
Mom’s undergarments kept?” 
Aunt South, upon hearing this, became dazed, star blankly at Keira. 
Keira decisively pulled down her mask, revealing her face. 
Aunt South’s pupils contracted. “Miss Keira?” 
<
271 Love 
Keira frowned. “The clothes!” 
Then Aunt South snapped back to reality and quickly turned around. “Right, the clothes…” 
She opened the wardrobe and took out some new clothes for Mrs. Olsen. Keira took them, eager to help the powerless Mrs. Olsen get dressed. 
But just as she approached Mrs. Olsen, Mrs. Olsen clutched the bath towel fiercely. “Aunt South, please…” 
Keira paused slightly. 
She then realized that Mrs. Olsen had long been accustomed to Aunt South’s care, and moreover, in front of her own daughter, her current state was too disheveled and wretched for her to bear being seen… 
Keira immediately stood up and stepped asid 
Aunt South walked over, trying to pull off the towel from Mrs. Olsen. 
A horrific scream from Taylor came from outside door! 
Mrs. Olsen immediately frowned, then said, “Keira, go out and take a look. Don’t let Uncle Olsen commit murder..” 
111 
< 
271 Love 
10 
Worry showed on her face. 
It wasn’t that she feared Taylor would be beaten to death, but rather that if Taylor were beaten to death, it would bring trouble to Uncle Olsen. 
Given Uncle Olsen’s volatile temper, he would surely strike ruthlessly. 
Keira looked at Mrs. Olsen with concern, “What about you…” 
Mrs. Olsen lowered her gaze. “I’ll put on my clothes and go out.” 
Keira clenched her fists, her gaze sweeping over the interior of the bathroom. Even though it was a mess, what had just happened could still be deduced from the clues left behind. 
Thinking of what Taylor had done to Mrs. Olsen was so angry she wanted to kill him! 
Yes, she would go out… 
To help her mother get this revenge!! 
Keira left with a dark expression and thoughtfully 
closed the door for Mrs. Olsen, only to see that Taylor was already gasning for breath!
< 
271 Love 
Uncle Olsen indeed had a heavy hand. 
He didn’t let others help him but was beating Taylor with his own fists, punch after punch. Taylor’s face was swollen and bruised, as Uncle Olsen grabbed him by the collar again. 
He raised his fist, ready to bring it down on Taylor. 
Keira stepped forward. “Stop!” 
Uncle Olsen’s brows furrowed, looking at her. 
Keira’s eyes were cold. “Don’t kill him carelessly! I’ll return the injury he inflicted on the lady tenfold, a hundredfold!” 
After that, she pulled out several pieces of paper, went to the side of the basin to wet them, and then d 
Taylor’s two bodyguards hold him down. She pasted the wet papers over Taylor’s face one 
Taylor immediately found it hard to breathe! 
A minute later, Keira lifted the paper towels to se Taylor collapsed on the ground, gasping for breath he were a lump of rotten meat.
Keira crouched down beside him. 
271 Love 
Having nearly suffocated just before, Taylor saw Keira’s face and finally realized something, his pupils 
shrinking, “You… are Keera?” 
Keira didn’t deny nor confirm, only staring at him. “Are you surprised?” 
“Of course, I’m surprised!” Taylor forced a smile. “I’m surprised. How did you manage to escape? You were in the vast sea, and yet you’re still alive!” 
His words made Keira clench her fists tighter, “So it 
was indeed you. You actually wanted to kill the two of 
us?” 
“Of course…” 
Taylor, battered and trembling, glanced at Uncle Olsen. He slowly straightened up his body a 
close to Keira’s ear. 
In a voice only the two of them could hear, he “Uncle Olsen is here, and I’m finished today, so 
you a secret…”
###Chapter 272
Secrets… 
Keira knew that Keera carried a secret and so did Jodie 
South. 
She furrowed her brows. 
Then she heard Taylor say softly and slowly, “Keera, the reason I wanted to kill you both was simple. I couldn’t let your mother find out that she gave birth to twins that year!” 
Keira was puzzled. “Why? Wasn’t I… wasn’t I supposed to have died and been abandoned at birth? Even if she 
found out, so what?” 
Taylor was stunned by her words, and he burst into laughter. “Is that what they told you? Ha…” 
“They”? Was he referring to Keera’s adoptive parents or someone else? 
Taylor continued. “You weren’t abandoned. You were taken away as soon as you were born. I didn’t have the ability to protect you then, but if I had revealed that you were taken, your mom would have gone back and 
1 
A
searched for you desperately, so I’ve always hidden 
your existence from her! How could I possibly let her risk her life for… someone else’s child?” 
At this point, Taylor glanced at Uncle Olsen. 
Upon hearing this explanation, Keira felt like her head was going to explode. 
Although she had found the murderer, the situation seemed to have gotten even more complicated… 
Taylor continued to speak softly. “Keera, why did you come back? Without you, my life with her would have continued to be peaceful, but you found Keira, and if the truth was revealed, Shirley would surely blame me and leave me! So, the moment you found Keira, I made up my mind to let you both die!” 
A hint of madness flickered in his eyes. “Anyone who dares to disturb me and Shirley must die!” 
Keira, furious, slapped him! 
To conceal the past, had Taylor kidnapped her and Keera? He then threw them into a sunken ship at sea… 
If she hadn’t acted decisively, waking Keera and breaking the window, if Keera hadn’t desperately 
1 
dragged her from under the water to the surface, perhaps what the Horton family would be burying today would be two corpses!! 
Although Keera’s appearance was unexpected, she felt very gentle to Keira. 
Even though they had only spent a little time together, Keira had already acknowledged this sister… 
While she was thinking about this, Taylor laughed again. He leaned close to Keira’s ear and whispered, “Also, do you know? The fact that Poppy had switched the two children, I implicitly consented to it because I didn’t want Shirley to raise that man’s child! One of her daughters was taken, the other was switched… and this way, Shirley would have no more affection left for the children, and she would only have eyes for me… 
Keira clenched her fists tightly and stared hard at him upon hearing his words. 
She suddenly picked up the tissues from before and pressed them against Taylor’s face again, enraged, and with tears welling up in her eyes, she smothered him… 
Taylor struggled for air, fighting hard. 
1 
But Keira only wanted him to pay with his life! He would pay for her sister’s death and the abuse inflicted on their mother, as well as her own miserable life of the past 22 years!! 
Her eyes were red with rage as she stared at Taylor. 
Her hands were forceful as if to vent all her years of
grievances. 
She remembered as a child, every time she enviously watched their family of three… 
She not only longed for a normal mother, she had also hoped countless times in her heart that her mother wasn’t Poppy but Mrs. Olsen… 
She had even wished that her father, Taylor, would 
notice her. 
She had dreamed that he would descend like a god when she was wronged, taking her away from Poppy’s 
torture… 
She remembered before she was sold to human traffickers at the age of four, after being beaten severely by Poppy, she once hid at the door. When she saw Taylor coming home from work, she deliberately 
neared in front of him 
1 
She gently called him “Daddy”… 
But Taylor simply glanced at her indifferently, then told Poppy to keep her from running around. 
Poppy took her back to the basement, where she faced more brutal beatings! It was then that Poppy sold her
to the traffickers… 
All these years, Poppy was just the wicked executor. 
Taylor was the mastermind! 
Memories of her miserable childhood… 
The body of her sister Keera… 
And the traces of abuse on her mother’s body… 
All of it drove Keira to a blind rage as she pressed down on Taylor, just wanting him to die! 
Taylor, whose mouth and nose were covered, slowly stopped struggling… 
But Keira kept applying pressure. 
Tears slowly filled her eyes… 
The next moment, her wrist was grabbed, and she was pushed aside by Uncle Olsen. He quickly removed the 
1 
Taylor didn’t move. 
Uncle Olsen glanced toward the person beside him, 
who immediately squatted down to start emergency aid on Taylor.
Keira, however, stared fiercely at Uncle Olsen. 
It seemed that if anyone dared to stop her from taking her revenge, she would kill them too! 
But how could a person like Uncle Olsen be intimidated by her? 
Uncle Olsen only knitted his brow and spoke in a deep voice. “Why are you so agitated? Why are you more fierce than me? Why do you hate him so much?” 
Uncle Olsen was also angry, so his punches landed on flesh with no mercy. 
However, seeing Keira even more crazed, he calmed down instead. 
Keira didn’t answer his question but said hoarsely, “He killed people, so he deserves to die!” 
Uncle Olsen thought Keera and Keira were very good classmates and didn’t think much of it. He only 
frowned and said. “I have a thousand ways to kill him. 
( 
1 
There’s no need for you to do it.” 
After saying this, Uncle Olsen suddenly looked toward the bedroom door. “Moreover, Miss South is the one who’s most entitled to deal with him.” 
Taylor began to breathe. 
He coughed and looked toward Keira. “Why didn’t you
kill me? Kill me!” 
Keira finally regained her sanity. 
She realized that Taylor had deliberately said those things to her because he didn’t want to live anymore. 
Uncle Olsen had many ways to make life worse than death for him, so he wanted to die by her hand. 
Keira took a deep breath and said nothing. 
Taylor lay sprawled on the ground, his arms and legs outstretched. His whole body seemed to relax as he 
suddenly sneered. “I wanted to teach you one last lesson before I die, but it turns out you don’t even have the courage to kill someone. Keera, you are truly 
weak!” 
After finishing this sentence, he abruptly closed his 
mouth and bit down hard. 
1 
“He’s attempting suicide!” 
The moment Uncle Olsen said this, people around him immediately rushed over, only to find that Taylor had already swallowed the poison hidden between his
teeth! 
The poison acted quickly; almost immediately upon ingestion, he vomited a mouthful of black blood. 
Taylor turned his head toward the bedroom, extending his hand with a flicker of struggle in his eyes as if trying to grasp at something. “Shirley…” 
The person beside him checked and sighed. “It’s a poison that kills instantly. There’s no saving him.” 
Uncle Olsen then turned toward the bedroom and 
to Keira, “Please ask Miss South if she wants to see 
for the last time…” 
After all, he was a man who had accompanied her for more than twenty years and protected her. 
Jodie might want to send him off. 
Though Keira felt it was unnecessary, it was her 
mother’s choice, so she walked to the door and 
knocked. 
1/ 
But there was no response from inside the room!! 
Keira was slightly stunned, knocked again, but still no one answered from inside.
She suddenly realized something! 
That’s right… 
When Taylor kidnapped her and Keera and attempted to murder the two of them, he had accomplices, but their entry into the Olsen home had been too easy, 
faced with no resistance. 
So… where were his accomplices?! 
Uncle Olsen also realized this, and the two of them violently pushed open the bedroom door, rushing in only to find the bedroom empty. Jodie South and Aunt South were gone. 
“Search, the surroundings immediately. Lock down the entire complex!” 
Uncle Olsen ran out and shouted at the people around 
him. 
The dying Taylor on the ground suddenly shouted, “It’s them. They’ve taken Shirley! Hurry, save her, save her!!” 
) 
1 
His expression was anxious, clearly not expecting this 
outcome!
The dying man seemed to regain vigor, sitting up from the ground and pointing next door. “The master bedroom has a secret passage that leads to the house next door. They must’ve taken Shirley there!” 
No sooner had these words fallen than Uncle Olsen was already charging out the door with his men. 
As Keira was about to follow, Taylor suddenly grabbed her pants, “Keera, save Shirley! Please save her!” 
Keira immediately looked at him, grabbing his collar. “Who are they…exactly?!” 
Taylor’s eyes widened, “They are…
###Chapter 273
The words weren’t finished when suddenly, from the rooftop of the next villa, the sound of a helicopter starting up was heard. 
1 
Through the window, Keira watched helplessly as a helicopter suddenly took off 
Her vision was very good, so she saw Jodie and Aunt South bound hand and foot by two men, lying inside the helicopter. 
Jodie seemed to notice Keira. Her face was pressed against the glass, and her mouth opened and closed, seemingly trying to say something… 
Uncle Olsen had already rushed over, but he could only stand there, watching as the helicopter quickly flew away, with everyone watching it helplessly. 
But Uncle Olsen didn’t give up. He immediately got into his car and chased after the helicopter. 
Keira was weak now and not as robust as before, so 
she didn’t chase after them. She turned to look at 
Taylor. 
In his face, she saw deep concern.
Not until the plane vanished on the horizon did Taylor 
seem unable to bear it any longer, and again, a 
mouthful of black blood spurted out! 
Keira asked him once more. “Taylor, who are they 
exactly? How am I to save my mom?” 
Taylor was already extremely weak. 
If it weren’t for the last gasp of breath, he should have 
been dead. 
His mouth opened and closed as he tightly grasped Keira’s hand, bitterly spitting out, “It was you, Keera, it was you who recognized Keira that brought them to me. They sought my partnership and killed Keira! A it was you, you had to see your mom, which led thei to abduct Shirley!” 
He coughed up blood in great gushes, his emotions running high, his gaze at Keira now filled with hatred. 
“Having been taken by them, why did you have to come back? Why did you bring them back…” 
“Shirley and Keira were so happy! Why did you have to destroy this peaceful life? Shirley barely managed to 
escape 
again…” 
back then, and now she’s been captured 
Suddenly, he seemed to lose all strength, collapsing onto the ground. “It was my fault! I thought by killing you and Keira, they would give up on Shirley. I was terribly wrong!” 
Blood flowed from his mouth, slurring his words, but 
Keira still made out what he said. 
“Keera, you’re so weak and useless. Why is it that you of all people survived? What use are you? If it were Keira, she might have had the strength to save 
Shirley…” 
Keira didn’t bother with his hatred. She knelt on o knee to get closer to him, her voice cold and firm. 
am Keira.” 
As these words came out, Taylor’s eyes, already losin their sparkle, seemed to focus once more. 
He probably couldn’t see clearly anymore, but he tried hard to look in Keira’s direction, bewildered. “You’re 
Keira?” 
Keira got closer to him, whispering in his ear. “Yes, the one who died was Keera. Tell me who are thev… How
do I save my mom?!” 
Taylor seemed to see hope. He fumbled to grab her hand. “Keira, it’s really you… it’s actually you… Shirley 
can be saved…” 
He shed tears of blood, struggling to pass on what he knew to her. “They are the South family. I don’t know where they are. I only know that Shirley has always been trying to escape from them. When Shirley and I came to Oceanion, it was to avoid them… Keera was barely born when she was snatched by those people, and then Shirley gave birth to you… 
“Keira, I’ve wronged you. I switched you and Isla, indeed out of jealousy, not wanting Shirley to raise someone else’s child, but also to protect Shirley! Yo and Keera looked too much alike. I feared you woul 
“These years, they seem to not know that Shirley and you were in Oceanion. It was Keera who led them 
here… 
“Keira, now that they know about you and Shirley, the moment you show your face, disaster is sure to follow! Only the worthless, a complete waste like Keera was 
allowed to live… 
“Keera knew them, they… seemed to be in contact with Keera… you… should still pretend to be Keera… they’ll come for you… follow the lead… and save Shirley…” 
Taylor’s voice trailed off, his consciousness seemingly dissipating. By now, his hand had fallen to the ground. 
He stared wide-eyed at the ceiling. 
There was no light left in his eyes. 
1 
His life had reached its end. 
In his last moments, he whispered to himself, “Shirley… did you… ever… love me?” 
He seemed to see the girl who had dazzled his younger self appear once more… 
She smiled as she walked toward him, then turne 
left. 
He reached out, trying to grasp her. 
But in the end, he caught nothing. 
Taylor was dead. 
It was a suicide. After Keira called the police, she 
5/ 
didn’t get involved further. 
She went out to find Uncle Olsen. 
Uncle Olsen’s reply was that the helicopter had vanished over the vast sea, and even though he chased 
after it with a yacht, it was too late. 
In the end, no one knew where the helicopter had 
flown to. 
Uncle Olsen returned to the capital overnight, ready to mobilize all his resources to investigate Jodie’s 
whereabouts. 
But Keira knew they would find nothing. 
Just like last time, with “their” cooperation, Taylo ad kidnapped her and Keera, and up to now, there 
been no clues at all. 
They were members of the South family. 
Mrs. Olsen’s maiden name was South, and so was 
Keera’s.
Jodie hadn’t returned to her maternal home in over twenty years; Keera’s adoptive parents had also passed away long ago. Keira didn’t understand what exactly had happened; she only felt that there was a dense fog 
blocking her view and obscuring her direction. 
Taylor was a dying man, and she believed he told the 
truth. 
“Keira” was in danger, but “Keera” was allowed to live… 
For the time being, she could only act as “Keera,” slowly putting the pieces together and drawing out the people behind the scenes. 
It was deep into the night, but Keira’s gaze was 
resolute. 
Jodie was the person she cared about most in her life. 
She had to rescue her mother no matter what!! 
Just as she returned to the hotel downstairs, her 
phone vibrated. She took it out and saw that it was WhatsApp message from Howard. “Where are you? so late; what are you still doing out? Come back!”
Keira lowered her cold eyes and replied to the message. “Downstairs, coming up soon.” 
It was getting late; Amy should be sleeping soundly by now, right? 
But she didn’t know that upstairs, in her room, there was no Amy, only two men. 
< 
One was Howard, while the other, enveloped in an air 
of luxury and aloofness with a worn-out demeanor, 
was Lewis. 
At that moment, Lewis’s eyes were shining. “Where exactly is Keira?” 
Howard smiled ingratiatingly. “Downstairs. She’ll be here any moment, Mr. Horton. You won’t be disappointed!” 
Following that statement, there was a beep at the door, and Keira walked in.
###Chapter 274
Keira arrived at her room to find Howard’s mother waiting by the door. 
She hastened her steps and frowned. “Is Amy asleep?” 
“She’s asleep.” 
Howard’s mother’s eyes flickered, and she suddenly took out Amy’s milk bottle. “Tonight, Amy refused to drink his milk. Taste it and see if it has soured or gone bad!” 
Keira narrowed her eyes, sensing there was a problem. 
She removed her mask, opened the bottle, and tilted her head back to drink without letting the bottle touch her lips, to prevent bacterial infection. After taking a sip, she carefully savored it. “It’s not spoiled.” 
“Is that so?” Howard’s mother waved her hand. “Maybe she’s full and doesn’t want any more. If not, we might have to switch to another brand… Drink the rest 
yourself. Don’t waste it.” 
Keira had gone to the Horton family early in the morning to attend a funeral and hadn’t gotten the 
09 10 
chance to eat anything at noon, so she was very 
hungry now. 
She asked with downcast eyes, “Has Mrs. Horton been
buried?” 
Howard’s mother said impatiently, “She’s been buried. Why are you asking so many questions? Do you really think you’re Mrs. Horton’s high school classmate? You’re really getting into character! Just drink the milk and stop dawdling!” 
Keira’s eyes flickered, and she finished the milk in a few gulps, preparing to take it into her room to wash the bottle. 
Before she could push the door open, Howard’s 
mother snatched the bottle away and said with a smile! “I’ll wash it. You’ve been tired all day. Go to bed!” 
After saying that, she took the bottle back to her own 
room. 
There definitely was a problem! 
Howard’s mother was never usually so eager to help. 
Had “they” come looking? 
Because of anemia, Keira had a certain resistance to 
all medications.
She swiped the hotel card to open her door and stepped in. 
As soon as she opened the door, Howard walked over. His usual disdain was gone, and he now looked at Keira with warmth. “You’re back.” 
Keira furrowed her brows and before she could speak, Howard said, “It’s late. Go wash up and sleep… I won’t disturb you!” 
He swiftly slipped past Keira and on his way out, he left only one sentence behind. “Amy is with me, so don’t worry. Just make sure you take good care of the man in the room!” 
Keira had already sensed that something w and in that moment, she grabbed Howard’s blocking his path. 
She wanted to see what Howard was up to! 
But as she turned around abruptly, she saw the fa figure sitting on the couch and was utterly stunned 
Lewis! 
03.20 
Why was he here?! 
In the brief moment she was taken aback, Howard had already wriggled free and left the room, followed by the click of the door lock.
Keira pulled at the door fiercely, but Howard was already outside, securing the door with a chain, making it impossible to open! 
After doing all this, Howard clapped his hands. 
Hearing Keira trying to push the door from inside, he immediately said, “Keera, make sure you treat Mr. Horton well, as he can bring immense profits to our company, got it?! No resistance allowed! Do you hear 
me?” 
Howard’s expression was one of smug satisfactio 
Although he had met Uncle Olsen at the funeral, Howard’s subsequent messages were largely ignore by him. 
So when he noticed how much Mrs. Horton resembled 
Keera at the funeral, he came up with this idea! 
To send Keera to Mr. Horton’s bed, so that afterward 
he could establish a connection with the Horton 
family!! 
Howard’s mother appeared behind him. “Son, can we really do this?” 
Howard sneered. “Mom, it’s just sex. Besides, Keera’s health is poor, and she hasn’t gotten pregnant again in the past few years. It’s impossible for her to bear me another son. I can only count on Cindy.
Keera does have a nice face, and keeping her at home without use until now has finally paid off. I’m not afraid of living with the humiliation, so what are you worried about?” Cindy was the mistress he had been keeping outside, and she was now pregnant. The doctor diagnosed it as 
a son. 
Howard’s mother had always cared deeply for h looking forward to holding her grandson! 
Upon hearing these words, Howard’s mother slapp him on the back. “That’s not what I mean. I’m talkin about how Keera is utterly devoted to you; what if s refuses? Wouldn’t it backfire?” 
“Don’t worry…” Howard smiled confidently. “I’ve just drugged both of them. That drug is potent; most people can’t handle it…” 
09/10 
5/ 
Howard’s mother asked, “Speaking of which, why do Keera and Mrs. Horton look so similar? When I saw Mrs. Horton’s picture, I got scared. You think… could they be twins?” 
Howard stroked his chin. “Keera is an orphan, adopted by her parents. I guess that’s very likely the case. Mom, we really hit the jackpot coming to this funeral! Who would have thought we’d stumble upon such an opportunity!” 
However, Howard’s mother frowned. “If Keera and Mrs. Horton are really twins, can’t we use that relationship to connect with Mr. Horton? Why then did you send her to Mr. Horton’s bed?”
Howard waved his hand, “What do you know? His wif is dead, and who keeps in touch with the wife’s family Although Keera is useless, her face is undeniably beautiful. Send her to Mr. Horton, and he’ll develop a taste for her. There will definitely be ongoing contact. Besides, if we rely on Keera’s relationship with Mrs. Horton, won’t we have to be controlled by Keera? But if we have evidence of Keera’s infidelity, in the future, won’t I call the shots in this family?” 
Howard’s mother’s eyes shone. “Son, you’re so clever!” 
The two of them quietly discussed as they returned to 
their room. 
Inside the room. 
Keira didn’t hear their voices, but she had already guessed Howard’s intentions. 
She couldn’t help but spit in disdain. 
“Keera, what kind of husband have you found for yourself?” 
“Keira… it’s really you!” 
Behind her, a man’s deep, husky voice mixed with disbelief reached her, causing Keira to stiffen instantly! 
The mask had been removed long ago, and it was n too late to put it back on…
Lewis had already seen her face! 
Keira clenched her fists and slowly turned around. 
As she looked at Lewis, her eyes were filled with 
longing! 
Her mother had been kidnapped… 
Her sister was dead! 
TA 
+29 
The home she had finally found had just fallen apart. At this moment, it seemed she had only Lewis left! 
This thought made her soul suddenly crumble, and the heat inside her body didn’t want to be suppressed! 
She had been too restrained, and at this moment, she also wanted to properly let it all out! 
Forget about the old flame, forget about the savior. She wanted to put them all aside for now! 
With this thought, Keira headed toward Lewis! 
She had just taken a step when her feet suddenly gave out, and she fell into Lewis’ arms…
Lewis had been drugged as well, and though his min had still been clear, upon seeing her face and smellin the familiar scent on her, he lost his composure. 
He didn’t restrain his yearning and fiercely kissed her lips! 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
###Chapter 275 ?Don't Leave Me
Chapter 275 Don't Leave Me
Keira didn't know when he had picked her up and brought her to the bed.
Lewis's lean body pressed down on her.
His face was tightly against hers, their noses touching, his breath mingling with hers in a hot and intense burst.
His eyes were fixed on her, not daring to blink as if he was afraid that she would disappear again...
After a moment, his thin lips moved to the back of her ear, his breath warm and moist against her tender skin as he spoke.
His voice was deep and hoarse, filled with endless joy. "Keira, you finally came back... You're not dead..."
His voice made Keira's heart ache.
She tightened her grip around his waist and lifted her head to kiss his chin.
The kiss made his body tremble slightly. He seemed unable to resist the effect of the drug any longer and grabbed her chin to kiss her. His hand gently and firmly began to undress her...
Keira shivered subtly.
She had always kept fit and was skilled, and she had imagined that on her wedding night, she would be a match for Lewis. But even though her strength was considerable, she couldn't move Lewis an inch.
Half of her body was dangling off the edge...
Lewis pulled her back.
He clung to her tightly, feeling her presence as if afraid she would leave again...
They didn't know how much time had passed and both were panting from exhaustion. They clung tightly to each other, tired enough to fall asleep...
From yesterday until now, Keira had been on edge, and she hadn't slept at all last night, so she was extremely tired.
She didn't know that since the accident, Lewis also hadn't slept.
For three whole days, he hadn't rested for a minute!
Now that his heart's desire had finally been resolved, his body and mind suddenly relaxed, and he couldn't hold on any longer...
...
When Keira groggily woke up, she heard the faint sound of the door being opened.
She immediately lifted the quilt to cover both of them!
Then she saw Howard's mother enter with a look of disgust on her face. She took a few hasty photos of Keira and Lewis with her phone, then immediately lowered her voice. "Get up now. We're going back to Clance!"
Leaving these words behind, she left the room.
Keira checked her phone and saw it was five in the morning, and the sky outside was still dark...
By the moonlight, her gaze once again fell on Lewis.
The man was still asleep, probably too exhausted; his hand was still intertwined with hers.
Keira gently withdrew her own hand and quickly picked up the clothes from the ground to dress.
She tiptoed out of the room.
As she reached the doorway, she couldn't help but look back at him.
The sleeping man seemed to sense something and frowned.
Keira withdrew her gaze.
One night of folly was enough; she didn't have the luxury to be capricious.
Her mother was still waiting for her to save her.
The hidden adversaries were also waiting for her to unearth them...
As for Lewis, he had his own responsibilities; he couldn't abandon Madeleine...
So, this was it.
The luggage in the room had already been packed by Howard's mother the night before, so she walked out, gently closing the door behind her.
"Lewis, goodbye."
...
On the way back to Clance.
As it was still early, Amy was obediently sleeping in the child seat.
Keira sat beside her, not mentioning a word about last night's events.
Howard's mother couldn't help herself from asking, "Howard, what the hell are you doing? I saw with my own eyes. Mr. Horton and Keera have done the deed! Shouldn't we wait for Mr. Horton to wake up before we talk terms? Why did you run off?"
Howard chuckled. "Mom, don't rush... We tricked Mr. Horton, so it's better to get back to Clance quickly. I've asked around. The Horton family has no assets in Clance. When he wakes up in the morning, he'll come to his senses. If he wants to get angry, he won't come looking for us... But if he really takes an interest in Keera, he'll definitely find an opportunity to come to Clance. By then, won't we be in touch with him?"
Howard's mother immediately laughed. "You've really thought this through!"
Through the rearview mirror, Howard looked at Keira and, upon noticing the red marks on her neck, his pupils constricted.
He sneered. "Keera, who are you putting on that deathly face for? I haven't touched you in two years, and last night you finally got some action, right? Tell me, compared to me, what's different about a big shot like Mr. Horton?"
Keira replied coldly to this remark, "He's much bigger than you."
Howard was dumbfounded.
His face darkened instantly. "Keera, you can bring yourself to this kind of talk. You really are shameless!"
"More shameless than sending your wife to another man's bed?"
Howard was speechless!
He had never thought that the Keera he had harshly repressed for years would strike back!
Howard's mother sneered. "Keera, after sleeping with Mr. Horton, have you grown a spine? What now? Just because someone slept with you, do you think you're Mrs. Horton now?"
Howard scoffed. "A second-hand woman who's had a kid and been married, you're only fit to fool around privately with Mr. Horton. Keera, don't tell me you really believe Mr. Horton would take a liking to you?"
Howard's mother immediately warned Keira. "Let me tell you, sleeping with Mr. Horton is your good fortune! It's because you have some resemblance to Mrs. Horton. Don't think that by clinging to Mr. Horton, you can disregard us!"
The two discussed such shameless matters without any consideration for Amy, completely refreshing Keira's understanding of the word "low". DiiSc?ver ?w storis on no//e()/lbin(.)com
She didn't speak again, not wanting to let Amy hear it. Instead, she continued to gaze out the window.
After returning to Clance, would "they" from the South family contact her?
How often did Keera usually contact them?
And how exactly did they get in touch?
As she pondered these things, Howard's mother suddenly looked at Howard and asked, "How long do you think it'll take for Mr. Horton to come looking for us?"
Howard frowned. "It's hard to say. If Mr. Horton isn't interested in Keera, he might not come for the rest of his life! But if he really misses his deceased wife, he might come in a few days."
Howard's mother nodded immediately. "Right, right... But when I entered the room this morning, I saw their action was quite intense... Keera has a pretty face and a good figure..."
Howard sneered. "No matter how good she is, she's not Mrs. Horton. Who knows if Mr. Horton would break his vows and come to Clance for her?"
Howard said with disdain, "Mom, you don't know how dull and prudish Keera is. She's like a corpse in bed, making it impossible to raise any interest. I don't even know if she could catch Mr. Horton's attention. It's truly a waste of her pretty face!"
The two cursed and complained all the way, at one moment berating Keira as shameless for sleeping with another man.
Then again, they said Keira was useless, unable to win Mr. Horton's heart.
During the trip, they stopped several times at service areas to rest.
What they didn't notice was that a black Bentley limousine was speeding toward Clance!!
Howard thought if Lewis took an interest in Keira, he would probably contact him in a few days, but what he didn't expect was…
When the SUV stopped in front of their villa, they saw a team of black-clad bodyguards standing there.
A tall figure was standing at the entrance, quietly waiting for them...
It was Lewis.
Although he hadn't slept for three days and had been drugged, as soon as Keira left, he woke up.
Seeing no one beside him, his first move was to have someone investigate Howard's whereabouts, and then he chased after them.
At this moment, his expression was anxious, his gaze locked directly on the slender figure holding Amy as she got out of the car.
Today, Keira wasn't wearing a mask, and her face was clearly visible to Lewis...
###Chapter 276
Lewis’s gaze was so intense that it stunned the few people who got out of the car. 
Keira stood there holding Amy, silent. 
Howard, however, was startled. 
He noticed Lewis’s stance, especially with a group of bodyguards as if they were about to encircle them, not allowing anyone to escape… 
Was he here to settle accounts? 
Or after getting a taste last night, was he looking for 
Keera? 
He swallowed and instinctively looked toward his 
mother. 
His mother also took a step back, suddenly pushing Keira forward, using the latter as a shield. 
Then she said, “Mr. Horton, we were deceived by her last night, too. It was all her idea. It has nothing to do 
with us…” 
Hearing these words, Lewis frowned slightly. 
11
Howard immediately nodded. “Yes, yes, it was all her own idea…” 
Before he could finish, Lewis took large strides toward them. 
Howard’s legs went weak with fear. 
He wanted to flee, but the black-suited bodyguards had already surrounded his car, cutting off his escape 
route. 
There was no retreat! 
Just as Howard turned pale, Lewis reached Keira. His gaze fixed on her as though he couldn’t bear to look away for even a second. 
Keira pursed her lips. 
She didn’t know if Lewis would recognize her as s had washed off the iodine from her face and deliberately covered the mole at the corner of her 
with concealer. 
Howard and his mother hadn’t noticed anything out the ordinary these past two days… 
Keira feigned nervousness, clutching Amy’s hand a 
little tighter Amy immediately cried out “Mommy I’m 
20
scared!” 
Keira then gently patted her. “Don’t be scared, Amy. Don’t be scared. Mommy is here…” 
Her eyes looked aggrieved and anxious, with a hint of shyness, just like a normal, delicate girl facing a one-night stand. 
On her way back, she had already thought about how she should deal with him. 
Lewis would surely investigate her once he woke up. 
But Keera’s existence was without question. The more he investigated, the more he would find out that she was Keera. 
Indeed, Lewis looked at her with hesitation in his fingers clenched tightly. His voice was dee said, “You are… Keera?” 
The pronunciation of “Keira” and “Keera” was di 
Keira confirmed that he said “Keera,” so she nodde biting her lip nervously, barely daring to look at him “Mr. Horton, may I ask if there is something wrong? 
After this, there was a moment of silence. 
es, 
< 
Lewis continued to look at her. 
He stared intently at that face as if he was looking at her, yet it seemed as if he was looking at someone else… 
No one knew how long he looked at her before he suddenly averted his gaze. “Sorry, I mistook you for someone else.” 
Keira immediately waved her hand. “No, it’s no problem…” 
She played the role of a meek housewife to perfection. 
Lewis’s eyes were downcast. 
He suddenly said, “You are indeed not her.” 
Leaving those words behind, he suddenly turned 
around, instructing someone beside him, “Let’s go 
home.” 
These words allowed Keira to breathe a sigh of relief. 
Lewis, after leaving behind those two words, got into 
the car. 
The Bentley’s door slowly closed, and the window rolled down. Lewis appeared there, suddenly glancing 
0911
at her. “Last night…” 
Keira immediately said, “Last night 
Was 
just a 
misunderstanding… I entered the wrong room… Sorry, 
I’m sorry!” 
Lewis’s gaze cooled somewhat. 
He nodded and then rolled up the car window. 
The car slowly started moving, driving past Keira and 
Howard. 
As the car drove away, the remaining bodyguards got into their vehicles and followed behind. The group of more than a dozen people thus departed from the villa. 
It wasn’t until the last black sedan disappeared the corner that Howard and his mother finally 
out of it. 
When Howard saw so many bodyguards, his hea pounded with fear, and he regretted his actions the day before! 
He had been foolishly bold. How could he have had audacity to scheme against Lewis Horton?
und 
Yet, when Lewis left nonchalantly, he frowned and sa 
ed 
< 
to Keira, “When Mr. Horton mentioned last night’s 
events, why didn’t you take the opportunity to gain some advantage?” 
Howard’s mother smirked and said, “Exactly, how can you be so cheap? You let him sleep with you for nothing! Even prostitutes know to demand payment; what about you?” 
Keira’s eyes turned slightly cold. 
She was just about to retort sarcastically but suddenly realized that perhaps Lewis was still around, so what she intended to say turned into, “I, I was just too scared… Aren’t you afraid? I felt like Mr. Horton was going to eat someone alive… How could you dare scheme against him?” 
Howard was speechless. 
He coughed and said, “That’s disgraceful. After fina establishing such a connection with Mr. Horton, yo can’t even seize the opportunity! No wonder our company has come to this!” 
Howard’s mother expressed her confusion. “Son, what 
exactly did Mr. Horton mean just now?”
Howard frowned and felt unsure. “He arrived here 
65 11 
63 
earlier than us, which means he should… care, right? But then he didn’t say anything…” 
Howard’s mother turned her gaze back to Keira, “It’s 
all because of this useless woman! She gave me no grandson. You were sent to build a relationship for the company, and you can’t even handle that. I don’t understand what you are good for!” 
She entered the house muttering and grumbling with 
Howard. 
Keira followed behind them and suddenly turned to look in the direction where Lewis had just disappeared. 
eyes. After a while, a hint of darkness flashed in her 
The black Bentley drove slowly past the entran the villa. 
Tom was sitting in the passenger seat and had be surprised by Keera’s appearance; he looked at his in the back seat. 
Seeing his icy facial expression, he couldn’t help but ask, “Boss, doesn’t Keera look too much like Miss Keira? Apart from not having a mole under her
eye, 
she’s virtually identical! Could there really be people so similar in the world? Or are they actually twins?” 
No sooner had he finished speaking than Lewis suddenly commanded, “Stop the car.” 
The driver immediately pulled over to the side of the 
road. 
Lewis turned to look back towards the villa. 
After an indeterminate length of time, he suddenly ordered, “Keep an eye on the South family.” 
Tom blinked in confusion and asked, “Boss, why do you have people watch them? Is it because you think you didn’t remain chaste for Miss Keira and were sulli 
Keera, and you want to seek revenge?” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He gave Tom a frosty look which frightened the lat into immediate silence. 
After a moment, Lewis said, “Let’s go.” 
Tom asked, “Back to Oceanion?” 
“No.”
Lewis suddenly turned his gaze out the window. “The 
РУ 
< 
first branch of the family has been stirring up public opinion in the company, claiming I have no ability to take the Horton family into Clance. If so, let them see that I simply didn’t wish to come to Clance, not that I couldn’t!” 
Tom was bewildered. “But boss, that’s not what you 
said before…” 
Lewis had carved out his own niche overseas; how could he possibly be unable to enter the Clance market? 
The first branch spread rumors, and Tom was so angry at the time that he wanted to request a mission to Clance to prove himself, but Lewis refused. 
He’d said not to care about others’ opinions. 
So why care now? 
And to personally venture into it? 
Wasn’t this like using a sledgehammer to crack a nu
While he thought this to himself and before he could finish, he met Lewis’s cold gaze and immediately nodded. “Alright, boss.” 
“First, secure a residence.” 
97 
< 
Tom sighed upon hearing this command. 
Because of the presence of the Davis family in Clance, 
they had never established any assets there. That 
Was 
decision truly abrupt. 
He ventured to ask, “About how long will we stay?” 
The response from Lewis stunned him. “It’s going to be a while before we can leave.” 
Tom was perplexed. 
R 
/p>
8 
> 
Terr
###Chapter 277
Keira didn’t know that Lewis had decided to make 
inroads into Clance. 
In the following days, she settled down and started to look into everything that belonged to Keera with Amy by her side. 
Samuel had already turned Keera’s information upside down and even found out which elementary school 
she attended. 
Keera’s life appeared ordinary and unremarkable. 
She was an orphan, and her adoptive parents had passed away, leaving her this villa and a small company 
She brought Howard into her family by marrying him, and their daughter Amy’s full name was Amy South, taking Keera’s surname. 
Since getting married, Keera had never worked; she handed the company over to Howard and took care of her husband and child at home. 
What gave Keira a headache was that before marrying 
Howard, Keera had signed a prenup.
No matter whose fault it was, if the two got divorced, the custody of the child would go to Howard. 
That was why, even though Keera knew about Howard’s affair, she never dared to mention divorce. 
What a disaster. 
How-love-struck was Keera to sign such an agreement! 
No wonder Howard had such a tight grip on her. 
Amy was her life, so how could she possibly consider divorce for her sake? 
And as long as Howard didn’t divorce, he could d her money and keep his mistress. It seemed th 
mistress might be pregnant… 
While Keira was sorting out Keera’s various docu in the study, Howard walked in and threw a thousa 
dollars at her. “Here, this month’s allowance.” 
Keira was startled. “So little?” 
This was Clance, where even the monthly property 
management fee for the villa was several hundred dollars. What was left would barely be enough to buy some formula for Amy. 
Howard scoffed. “If it’s too little, then you’ll just have to spend it frugally! Some people’s monthly salary is only a few hundred, and they live just fine. Why can’t you manage?” 
Keira frowned. “I…”
Before she could finish, Howard interjected. “Don’t ask me for money. I don’t have any!” 
Keira frowned. “How can you not have any? The company pays you a salary of twelve thousand eve month…” 
“Don’t I have to pay taxes?” 
Howard impatiently said, “Besides, Cindy is pregnant now, carrying the Smith family’s eldest grandson. If she’s in a bad mood, I should at least buy her a bag, 
right?” 
Howard’s mother sneered. “If you spend less on formula for Amy, you’ll have enough. Howard earns his money through hard work. Can’t you be a little more frugal and considerate? You couldn’t even please Mr. 
( 
Horton. After all these days, he hasn’t bothered to 
check on you once. You really got a poor bargain sleeping with him!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
The company used to pay Keera a dividend each month, but since the tax on dividends was high, they switched to paying Howard a salary instead. 
Keera really didn’t leave any backup for herself at all. She took a deep breath. “The property management fee is a thousand a month, utilities add up to a bit less than 200, and this year’s heating
fee still hasn’t been paid. They’ve been hounding me for it. What’s thousand dollars going to do? A bag for your i costs tens of thousands at least, doesn’t it?” 
Howard scoffed. “Keera, why have you become s vulgar, only talking to me about money? Where is high-mindedness? This really disappoints me!” 
Leaving those words behind, he turned to his mothe “Mom, I guess we can’t count on Mr. Horton anymor We’ve definitely eaten a silent loss. I haven’t seen Cindy in a few days, I’ll visit her today.” 
“Go go!” 
< 
Howard slammed the door and left. 
Howard’s mother then looked at Keira with scorn. “Keera, if you can’t keep your husband, it’s your own lack of ability. You should look for the problem within yourself! Stop complaining about this and that all the time! Besides, you are now like a worn-out shoe, filthy to death. Howard doesn’t even want to touch you!” 
Keira stared at her. “Then let’s get a divorce.” 
“Divorce?” Howard’s mother sounded as if she heard a joke. “The prenuptial agreement made it clear that if we divorce, Amy will stay with us.” 
Having said that, Howard’s mother laughed aga ut I’m not unreasonable. Amy’s just a girl, and we, Smith family, don’t really want her. I can speak t Howard for you. As long as you transfer the villa a the
company to him, then you can keep Amy!” 
Keira frowned. “Where would Amy and I live? How would we survive afterward?” 
“Are you missing hands or feet? Besides, just any place will do for you two women to live! The family assets are to be passed on to the boys in the future!” 
After going that Howard’s mother stored at har “If 
< 
you want to divorce, you can only choose between the child and the family wealth!” 
Keira frowned. 
Howard’s mother scoffed. “Can’t let go of your little family wealth, can you? Then keep your mouth shut, serve Howard well, and make him satisfied. You might get a little more spending money each month that 
way.” 
Leaving those words behind, she went out to dance in 
the square. 
Keira stayed at home with a tight frown. 
She sneered and then went into the bedroom to 
Amy.
Her phone pinged twice, and it was a message from Amy’s early education teacher, reminding her that it was time to renew Amy’s classes… 
But inside Keera’s bank card, there were only a few 
hundred dollars. 
How utterly pathetic and pitiable! 
Keira sighed again. 
B 
How on earth did Keera end up leading such a life?! 
She sighed silently; her eyes gradually turned steely. 
Having figured out Keera’s daily routine these past few days, it was now time for her to collect debts for 
Keera! 
Although she needed to use Keera’s identity to survive, she had no intention of allowing herself to live so 
stifled. 
Just as she thought this, her phone vibrated. She picked it up and saw a message from Uncle Olsen. “Little friend, have you returned to Clance?” 
This was their first contact since coming back fr
Oceanion. 
Keira looked down, replying to the message. “I ha there something you need?” 
Uncle Olsen had been investigating Mrs. Olsen’s whereabouts lately with absolutely no leads. 
It was as if she had evaporated from this world. 
Feeling utterly clueless and not knowing where to 
start, he had no choice but to return defeated. 
This reminded him of Keira. 
But was this response… a bit too indifferent? 
Uncle Olsen rubbed his tired and foggy head, looking toward Ellis. “Why do I feel like Keera is a bit cold towards me?” 
Ellis had also returned from Oceanion and upon hearing this, he said, “Perhaps there’s a misunderstanding? Uncle, who exactly is this Keera that you are so concerned about?” 
That’s when something occurred to Uncle Olsen, and he suddenly said, “Bring me my bag.” 
His secretary immediately brought over his b 
Uncle Olsen then opened the bag, and Ellis wa he took out from it a teacup. 
Ellis was baffled. “Uncle, this is… a Fragrance Hall teacup? Wait, you were just eating. Why did you sn a teacup home?”
Uncle Olsen tossed him the teacup, which was sealed in a vacuum bag. “This was used by
###Chapter 278
Ellis was perplexed by the request. “What DNA test are we talking about?” 
Uncle Olsen sighed. “She looks so much like your grandma, like a younger version of her.” 
Ellis felt it was far-fetched. “There are plenty of people in the world who look alike, and just because someone bears a resemblance, you want a DNA test?” 
Uncle Olsen frowned at him. 
Ellis immediately nodded. “Fine, I’ll do it, okay?” 
Keera really had no friends! 
During the days Keira spent with the South family, not a single person took the initiative to contact Keera, leaving her clueless about how to get in touch with South family members. 
Then she had an accidental breakthrough. 
Keira’s phone suddenly rang with an incoming call, displaying an unfamiliar number. 
Π 
She let it ring twice before picking it up. 
There was no immediate response from the other end. 
Keira paused, then slowly said, “Hello, who is this?”
At her words, she could hear the person’s breathing grow heavier, followed by a chilly, petulant voice. “You deleted my number?” 
Keira immediately frowned. “Who are you?” 
“…I haven’t been in touch with you for half a year, and now you can’t recognize my voice? Keera, you really are something!” 
“..” Keira’s mouth twitched. 
That was that. 
The woman sounded like she had a close relationsh with Keera, but Keira had no idea about Keera’s circl 
of friends. 
But from the woman’s tone, it seemed Keera had 
deleted her number. Did that mean they had had a falling out? 
After thinking it over for a moment, Keira’s lips curled into a smile. “Did you call me because you needed 
09.11 
< 
something?”
With that question, the person on the other end rattled off the details of their relationship. 
“Keera! Don’t go too far! Do you really think I can’t live without you as my best friend? If it wasn’t for seeing Howard flaunting that mistress of his around town, I wouldn’t even bother talking with you! 
“I know, ever since you got married, Howard has been complaining about me being too harsh on him, and he has said plenty of nasty things about me to you! He even pressured you to cut ties with me. 
“Since you chose him over our friendship, just cons this call as me coming to laugh at your misfortune! 
“Heh, you deleted my contact for that man, and you disliked my outspokenness because it didn’t honor him. Now what? He’s out there enjoying himself, and you’re just a housewife at home!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
After the woman finished, she remained silent for a short while before asking, “Anything else?” 
The woman’s breathing quickened again, and she was 
< 
clearly agitated. “Didn’t you hear me? He’s keeping a mistress! I’ve taken photos and recorded videos! When I told you he was cheating last time, you didn’t believe me and blocked me. Now I have proof!” 
“Oh, I see.” 
Keira’s response left the woman speechless. “Just ‘I see’? Do you still not believe me? Fine, if you don’t trust me, that’s it then! So much for the years of our friendship-it’s like you’ve become blind!” 
Keira caught on.
Although she didn’t know who this person was, she could tell that she was genuinely concerned about Keera, calling not to mock her but to warn her. 
She lowered her gaze and said suddenly, “Let’s meet 
up!” 
“I knew you wouldn’t believe me. Fine, let’s meet. I’m coming to your place right now!” 
After that, the person on the other end hung up the phone. 
Keira rubbed her chin. 
From the implication in the other person’s words, the 
two should have been close friends for a long time. Could she know some secrets about Keera? 
But in less than half an hour, the doorbell rang. 
Keira went to open the door, expecting to see her close friend, but to her surprise, she was met by a young man in a suit. 
Upon seeing Keira, he immediately smiled. “Miss South, I’m from the property management office. You haven’t paid your property fee for this month, and the manager asked me to come to remind you. Moreover, if you pay the property fee for all six months in advance, we can offer you a 10% discount.” 
Keira frowned.
She hadn’t retrieved the company and savings fr Howard yet and hadn’t asked Samuel for money so she simply said, “That won’t be necessary. I’ll jus pay the fee for this month.” 
She took out the one thousand dollars that Howard 
gave her and was about to pay the property fee when the man said, “Miss South, it’s the end of the year, and we need to show performance. Other residents have already paid for half a year. Could you also pay in 
< 
advance? Please don’t make it difficult for us…” 
Keira raised an eyebrow. “How much property fee to pay is my right, and whether or not to pay in advance is also my choice. Is it mandatory for our property fees to be paid semi-annually?” 
The man smiled. “Nope, but there is a 10% discount for paying six months in advance, and you aren’t short of 
money…” 
Keira found it amusing. “I am actually short of that 
money.” 
The smile gradually faded from the man’s face as he glanced into the room. “Miss South, don’t take it wrong way for me being nosy, but as dignified pe you quibble over such small amounts, hardly show the demeanor of a wealthy wife. No wonder your husband is always out all night…”
A sharp light burst from Keira’s eyes and just as she was about to say something, a fierce voice suddenly intervened. “Where did this stray dog come from, daring to bark at the owner’s doorstep!” 
Keira turned around and saw a well-dressed woman standing there. 
She wore a Chanel coat and stood beside a luxury car equipped with a driver, clearly from a privileged background. 
She walked over and sneered at the property management staff. “What’s your staff number? How dare you speak to a resident like this? It’s utterly ridiculous. I’m going to file a complaint to your superiors!” 
The property staff frowned upon hearing this. “Who are you?” 
The woman snorted with laughter, glanced at his badge, took out her phone, and made a call. “Hey, Luke, Willow Garden’s property services ar your family, right?… Yes? Good. A staff mem number 1339 has disrespected my friend. It’s your family to get your rules in order!” 
ed by 
No more than two minutes after she finished the the property staff’s phone started to ring. Whate was said on the other end made his expression cha 
immediately. 
h ID 
After hanging up, the staff member quickly looked at the woman, “Miss Davis, I didn’t know Miss South was 
your friend. I’m sorry. I went to great lengths to find this job, so please show me some mercy…” 
Mary Davis scoffed, “If you don’t get lost, I can make it impossible for you to find a job in Clance!” 
The property staff scurried away dejectedly. 
It was only then that Mary turned to Keira, her expression showing a mix of frustration and disappointment. “Keera, you really are something, aren’t you? Falling on such hard times that you’re scoffed at by a property manager? When you blocked me, didn’t you say that without me, your life would be harmonious and beautiful? Has this half a year witho me been your happy life?!” 
Her words were laden with mockery. 
But between the lines hung a thread of concern. 
Keira remained silent. 
In her heart, she felt relieved for Keera, who at least once had such a good friend 
Seeing her silence, Mary suddenly found it 
1. She had regarded Keera as her best friend. When she learned that her husband was being unfaithful to 
06 12: 
B/1 
<
Keera, she immediately told her. 
But Keera trusted Howard more and, swayed by his 
instigation, blocked Mary. 
This enraged Mary. 
Unwilling to let go of their years of close friendship, she repeatedly attempted to re-add Keera as a friend but was ignored each time. 
Mary also had her pride and thus cut off contact for half a year. 
She took out her phone and handed it to Keira. “Keera, don’t you trust Howard? Well, I now have evidence. I’ve captured a video of him with that mistress. Take a good look!” 
Keira didn’t accept it and only said indifferently, “That won’t be necessary.” 
Mary felt her anger rise. 
She glared at Keira and berated her. “Keera, you really don’t know what’s good for you. I’m doing this for your own good, and yet you trust that Howard so much! Sooner or later, he’ll sell you out!” 
Mary’s eyes were red with anger as she turned to 
< 
leave!
But just then, someone suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
10 
R 
06.12 
> 
图 
###Chapter 279
Mary was slightly stunned. 
When she turned around, she saw Keira gripping her 
wrist. 
The woman immediately sneered. “What now? Do you have some harsh words for me again? Don’t worry, I won’t meddle in your affairs anymore.” 
Before she could finish, she heard Keera say, “Thank 
you.” 
Mary’s speech came to an abrupt halt. 
She looked at Keira incredulously. “What did you say?” 
Keera actually said thank you… 
Her previously forceful demeanor faded instantly, her eyes shining. “What, what are you thanking me for?” 
Keira said, “I know you’ve always had my best interests 
at heart, and Howard has already come clean to me- 
he indeed has a lover outside. I shouldn’t have blamed 
you before.”
Mary sneered. “Now you realize you were wrong, don’t 
17/6 
< 
you? Now you recognize what’s what, right? Keera, I’m telling you, you had no insight when you blocked me! Don’t think just because you say ‘thank you’ I’ll forgive your past behavior…” 
She hadn’t even finished speaking when Keira lowered her head and suddenly said, “I want a divorce.” 
Mary’s words were stuck in her throat. 
Her previous arrogance vanished in an instant, and she didn’t know where to put her hands and feet. “Divorce! Divorce is good! Such a scumbag should have been dumped long ago!” 
She had already forgotten her words about not forgiving Keera and went straight inside. “I’ll hire al lawyer for you right now, and you must get back wh yours! Keera, don’t panic. You were always too soft-hearted, and after getting married, it’s gotten worse. That’s why he could manipulate you. From now on, you must stand up for yourself!” 
Mary rambled, “And you don’t have to worry about the divorce. If he won’t help you run the company, I have 
money, and I’ll support you from now on! And Amy, I’ll look after her too… 
09.12 
“Right, I’m going to transfer some money to you right now. You were almost unable to pay the property fees, so you probably don’t have much left in your account, right? You’re too na?ve. How can you let Howard handle all the household money?” 
Listening to her talk, Keira felt a warm feeling in her 
heart. 
Keera had blocked such a good friend before, which was truly foolish. 
Mary took out her phone to make a transfer via WhatsApp, only then did she realize that they hadn’t re- added each other as friends. 
She paused, casting a glance at Keira before sa resentfully, “Aren’t you going to add me back o WhatsApp now? Otherwise, I might not transfer 
money to you!” 
Keira smiled. “There’s no need to transfer money.” 
Mary immediately became anxious. “I was just kidding 
with you, you…” 
“But we should add each other back on WhatsApp.” 
Mary said nothing. 
( 
The two added each other on WhatsApp, and Mary’s 
username was simply her own name, which also let 
Keira know her name. 
It was then that Mary smiled. 
Keira led her through many past events, and gradually she also came to understand the relationship between Keera and Mary. 
The two were classmates since elementary school and 
attended the same middle school, high school, and even university; they were childhood friends. 
Mary complained, “Our friendship of over a decade couldn’t compare to your three years of acquaintanc with Howard. During these three years, you were completely bewitched by him, losing yourself entirely in this failed marriage. Keera, when you two got 
married, I told you he was only after your money; now do you believe me?” 
“Yeah.” 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
What happened with Howard was just a small issue; the key was… Mary and she knew each other since
thou wero kida? 
40 
Such a longtime friend… Mary must know about Keera’s foster parents! 
She looked at Mary and went straight to the point. “Mary, do you still remember our secret?” 
As soon as she asked, Mary immediately furrowed her 
brows. 
She looked around nervously and then asked in a hushed voice, “Of course, I remember. What about it? Have they been looking for you again?” 
They… 
Keira’s pupils shrank. “Mary, did I ever tell you who they are?” 
Mary frowned. “What’s with you today? You’re acting all weird. Don’t you remember these things?” 
“Of course not.” 
Keira was dead serious but bluffing. “I just wanted to see if, after half a year of no contact, you had forgotten about my affairs.” 
“How could I?” Mary was anxious. “When you’re concerned, I’ve always kept the matter in my heart!”
0912 
< 
“Then tell me, who are they? What do they usually 
come to me for?” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
8 
> 
###Chapter 280
Mary immediately frowned and looked at her. 
Keira pursed her lips, trying to make her gaze seem 
softer. 
Mary examined her face back and forth, then suddenly stood up, walked over to her, and touched her 
forehead. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
“You don’t have a fever, so why are you talking nonsense? You refused to tell me who they were back 
then, saying it would compromise my safety. Why are you asking me now?” 
For the first time, Keira sensed Keera’s caution. 
At least regarding this matter, she was very careful. 
Keira just said “Right”, her expression unchanged. “I was worried you might have discovered some clue, but it seems you still know nothing. That’s good.” 
Sure enough, Mary was led astray. “Keera, you really are too cautious. Didn’t you say? Since you couldn’t even complete their first task, they wouldn’t come 
0 
looking for you again.” 
That remark made Keira momentarily stunned. “The 
first task?” 
“Yes, you said the first task involved someone very important to you, so you refused…” 
Someone very important… 
Keira frowned. “The very important person to me… 
who is it?” 
Mary immediately rolled her eyes. “Who else could it be? Howard! You two were already together then.” 
She then spoke with a strong hint of jealousy. “Anyway, 
it’s not me.” 
After saying that, she couldn’t help but complain. “I considered you my best friend; we’ve been to the same school since kindergarten and have stayed friends all these years, but to you, I’m less significant than Amy, let alone your mother-in-law and Howard. For them, you actually abandoned me… Forget it, let’s not talk about it. It makes me feel so sad!” 
She was genuinely aggrieved! 
Mary pouted. 
09.12
2:10 
Keira wasn’t good at comforting others, so she remained silent. Just then, the sound of the door opening was heard, and Howard’s mother walked in. 
Humming a tune from a dance, she didn’t look toward the living room as she entered but headed straight for the kitchen. “Keera, what’s for dinner? I’m hungry after 
exercising!” 
By the time she finished, she was already in the kitchen, only to find it completely empty, without a trace of cooking. 
Howard’s mother was startled, then stormed out shouting, “Keera, what have you been doing at home all afternoon? What time is it now, and you still haven’ started cooking? You…” 
Speaking, she saw Mary and immediately stopped, then scoffed, “Oh, isn’t this Mary? Haven’t seen you here in over half a year, huh? What, you’ve come to your senses and decided to bring a partnership proposal for Howard?” 
Mary responded with a facade of a smile. “Auntie, 
haven’t seen you in half a year, somehow you look even more spiteful?” 
09 12 
3:10 
<
Howard’s mother’s expression faltered, and she said 
indignantly, “You’re so rude!” 
Mary spread her hands. “Just telling the truth!” 
“You!” 
Howard’s mother clutched her chest in anger and pointed at Keira, saying furiously, “Keera, you’re just going to stand there watching your friend insult me? Let me tell you, her being rude to me is the same as being disrespectful to you! She obviously doesn’t take you seriously, otherwise, wouldn’t she know such behavior would put you in an awkward position? 
“Keera, you have to kick her out right now! And you’re not to see her again. If you don’t, I swear I’ll tell Howard you allowed your friend to come over an bully me!” 
Mary’s chin tensed up when she heard this. 
She looked at Keira. 
Half a year ago, it was just like this. 
Howard and his mother’s words made Keera block her 
outright. 
Later when she ran into Howard he shamelessly 
(05.12.
0 
. 
proposed that if her family’s company partnered on a project with him, Howard would have Keera add her 
back. 
Mary was furious at the time. 
She felt that Howard was treating her best friend and their friendship like commodities being negotiated for a price! 
She felt anxious for Keera’s sake, frustrated that she had somehow set her sights on such a loser. 
But Mary was also afraid… 
Afraid that Keera would be swayed once again by Howard’s mother’s words… 
Mary didn’t dare speak up, and Howard’s moth started to get arrogant. “Why the silence? Cat g tongue? Weren’t you quite articulate just now?” 
Mary took a deep breath. 
Though Keera had just said she wanted a divorce, she hadn’t made up her mind yet. No matter how anxious Mary was, she knew this was Keera’s life, and she couldn’t make decisions for her. 
Not wanting to make things difficult for her, Mary 
0
stood up. “Keera, I’m leaving now. Contact me if you need anything.” 
After saying this, she got up and walked out. 
Keira followed her to the door. “Okay, let me see you 
out.” 
These words made Mary pause slightly, and a sense of emptiness suddenly filled her heart. 
Keera really hadn’t made up her mind yet. 
She tightened her jaw and reached the door, then turned back to Keira. “Keera, everything can be fought for again, but freedom is your own. Don’t forget what you said just now.” 
Keira nodded lightly, her voice calm. “Don’t worry have a plan.” 
How could Mary not be anxious? 
She wanted to speak up, but having caused a scene once before, she feared pressuring Keera too much and being blocked again, limiting herself to unsaid words as she left. 
After Mary left, Keira turned back around. 
0 
< 
Howard’s mother sneered. “What are you staring at?
Go make dinner already! You’re so wooden and clumsy. How can you compare to Cindy? No wonder Howard never comes home!” 
Keira’s gaze grew colder. 
Her lips curled into a faint smile. “Alright, I’ll go make 
dinner now.” 
Taking back everything that Keera should have owned was as easy as turning her hand. She already had a plan in her heart. 
Amy needed to eat too, so since that was the case… 
Keira entered the kitchen. 
She quickly prepared three dishes and a soup, set table, then went upstairs to bring Amy down. 
The three of them sat down together at the dining 
table. 
Keira served Amy her meal, and after Howard’s mother took a bite with disdain, her eyes suddenly lit up. 
“Keera, the food you made today is actually quite 
delicious.” 
Keira responded faintly “Well I searched for a tutorial 
6:12
7.10 
online.” 
She lowered her gaze. 
+71 
14 
Pleasing Howard’s mother’s palate was the first step of her revenge plan! 
She had many quick and decisive ways to make Howard leave with nothing. 
But she didn’t want to expose her identity, so she intended to use her previous persona as little as possible to avoid arousing “their” suspicions. Moreover, having suffered so much for so many years, Keera was determined to seek revenge. 
It wasn’t only about getting divorced but also makin the scumbag, his mistress, and this wicked mother- in-law suffer after the divorce!! 
That night, Mary lay in bed, unable to fall asleep. 
She thought of how she left today and wanted to turn back to say a few words to Keera, but seeing through the glass window that Keera obediently entered the kitchen to make dinner for Howard’s mother, she felt 
suffocated. 
0
< 
Was Keera seriously considering divorce? 
Keera loved Howard so much that just a thread of his threats caused her to block Mary. 
Howard, for the sake of the money in the company and 
that house, would never bring up divorce voluntarily. And as soon as he uttered sweet words, wouldn’t Keera just soften again? 
Mary took a deep breath and turned over in bed. 
After a moment, she abruptly sat up, “This can’t be. Is Keera out of her mind? After everything, she’s still cooking for that wicked mother-in-law?! It must all be lies. She said she would get a divorce just to deceive me! Liar! I’m going to block you so that when the tim comes, you won’t abandon me and block me again!” 
As she thought this, her eyes reddened. 
She immediately grabbed her phone, fuming and about to block Keera, whom she had just re-added, when suddenly a message appeared in the chatbox… 
###Chapter 281
“Mary, I need a favor from you for my divorce.” 
1 
Once Mary read this message, her eyes brightened, and she immediately put aside her intention to block the sender, eagerly replying. “What favor?” 
“Howard has been wanting to work with your company. Can you give the project to him?” 
The breath that Mary had been taking smoothly suddenly became erratic! 
Her eyes reddened with anger. 
Was Keera thinking of her as a fool? 
In fact, with just one word from her, she could give Howard the money. She didn’t even care about the profit from that project. 
But why did Keera have to deceive her with such 
tricks? 
Mary’s fingers trembled with anger, and she started typing. “Keera, you’ve deeply disappointed me! I’m cutting ties with you!!” 
09.13 
After she composed the message and was about to send it, she saw that Keera had sent another message. “Then put a higher amount for the penalty in the contract, ten times is best. If the project fails, initiate the recovery of the penalty and sue the company. By then, Howard, not wanting to be implicated, will definitely leave the company, house, and Amy all to 
me.” 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
She immediately deleted what she had sent and resentfully composed a new one. “Princess, your knight is ready and waiting. smiling_face.jpg” 
Amy had already fallen asleep. 
After sending that series of messages to Mary, Keira saw that Mary had withdrawn a message. 
She asked, “What did you just send?” 
Mary replied in a second. “Nothing. I sent it by mistake. I promise it’s nothing bad.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She shook her head and set the mobile phone aside. 
Her divorce plan was just like the messages she sent Mary. She could have asked Samuel to handle it, but that would always leave traces.
Within Keera’s circle of friends, only Mary’s help would be the least conspicuous. 
Next, all she needed to do was play the role of an idiot who was calm and patient despite her husband’s infidelity and mother-in-law’s abuse, focused only on her family! 
With a smile tugging at her lips, she turned over and silently went to sleep. 
The next morning. 
After getting up, she took Amy to the early learning class and then took a taxi to Howard’s office… no, th should be Keera’s company, Keera South Technology Co., Ltd. 
The company rented a small office in a building, with about ten employees inside. 
When she arrived, Mary was already waiting for her in front of the building in her sports car, dressed in elegant designer clothes. 
< 
Upon seeing Keira, she immediately curved her lips 
into a smile. “Keera, how do I look today? I hope I’m not embarrassing you with this outfit?” 
Keira replied with a thumbs-up and a smile. 
The two entered the building together and approached
Howard’s office. 
Before they could open the door, they heard embarrassing noises coming from inside. 
Keira’s eyes narrowed slightly. 
Howard’s lover, Cindy, was his secretary, and the two of them had hooked up in the office. Right now, they were on the sofa, shamelessly canoodling. 
Cindy’s skirt was hiked up to her waist. 
Howard’s pants were also down to his knees… 
The moment Keira opened the door, she saw Cindy’s bare back… 
Startled by the sound, they both jumped and hurriedly dressed. Howard turned furious upon seeing Keira. “Keera, who let you in?!” 
Cindy also had no shame at being caught in the act. 
09 13 
After getting dressed, she took a look at Keira and said with a mix of sarcasm and mockery, “Madam, don’t be angry. It’s not what you’re thinking between Mr. Smith 
and me…” 
Keira didn’t know what to say.
She wasn’t blind! 
Seeing her silence, Cindy went on. “It’s all my fault. I seduced Mr. Smith. Don’t blame him…” 
As Cindy spoke, she glanced at Keira but saw that the woman’s expression remained unchanged, showing no hint of pleasure or anger. 
She was suddenly at a loss for words. 
Wasn’t this the moment for Keera to slap her? 
However, if Keera didn’t slap her, she would take 
matters into her own hands.. 
Cindy reached out her hand and slapped herself before looking up with teary eyes. “Ma’am, I realize my mistake… please don’t look at me like that…” 
Howard, though, had already charged over and pushed Keira aside. He held Cindy and said angrily, “Keera, 
what are you doing? She’s carrying my child. If 
< 
anything happens, I won’t let you off the hook!”
|| || 
… 
Keira silently watched them, feeling beyond words. 
What had she done? 
That little schemer had been talking the whole time, and she hadn’t said a word. 
She twitched the corner of her mouth, lowered her head to hide the mockery in her eyes, and spoke in a soft, weak voice. “Howard, I’m here because Mary wants to collaborate with our company…” 
At these words, Howard finally noticed Mary standing behind Keera, and he was momentarily taken aback. 
Mary was glaring at him, wanting to scold him, but fearing she might mess up Keera’s plan, so she threw contract at him. “Stamp it and sign it!” 
Howard immediately took the contract with a smile on his face. “Miss Davis, you and Keera have reconciled?” 
He glanced at the contents of the contract; it was for a new energy cooperation research and development project. 
09.13 
< 
Their company’s research personnel had to provide research results for Mary’s company in one month. If they failed to complete it on time, they had to pay a penalty of ten times the amount, about twenty million. 
This clause was deliberately made as an invisible condition, which non-professionals wouldn’t be able to 
discern. 
Howard glanced over it casually and delightedly signed his name with the company’s seal. 
Then he grinned. “Miss Davis, you should come over to the house more often. Keera, really, how could you block Miss Davis over such a trivial matter? You’ve been good friends for so many years…” 
Mary snorted but didn’t speak. 
Keira looked at Howard; hesitating to speak. “… You haven’t come home in several days, and Amy misses her daddy.” 
Howard immediately laughed. “I’ll come home tonight to have dinner with Amy. Alright, you can go now!” 
Keira gave Cindy a “triumphant” look, then “reluctantly” left with Mary. 
09.13 
Once she left, Cindy started to get unhappy. “Aren’t you staying with me tonight?”
Howard said bluntly, “I was just appeasing her in front of Mary. Can’t you tell? I haven’t been home for a few days, and Keera is already thinking of ways to please me… With the Davis family’s collaboration, our company can make a few million a year!” 
Cindy then became happy. “I knew it. You’re the best…” 
“Of course…” 
Howard touched her waist, his eyes gradually 
becoming lecherous. “They’ve left, shall we continue?” 
Mary, on her way downstairs, couldn’t help but want to vomit. “That was disgusting! Is he really going home tonight?” 
“He won’t.” 
Keira replied. 
Meanwhile. 
At the Olsen residence. 
Ellis held the DNA test results and hurried into Uncle 
09.13 
< 
Olsen’s study. “Uncle Olsen, the test results are out!” 
1 
R 
8 
> 
Terrible 
###Chapter 282
? 
Uncle Olsen didn’t go to the Olsen Group. Ever since Jodie South went missing, he had promoted Ellis, 
handing over the corporate affairs to the young man 
in advance. 
As for Sam, aka Uncle Olsen, he devoted all his energy to searching for traces of Jodie. 
Unfortunately, up to now, there had still been no leads. 
Upon hearing what Ellis had said, he frowned and 
stretched out his hand. “Give it to me.” 
Ellis placed the report on Sam’s desk. 
Sam glanced at it and froze slightly. “She really is the Olsen family’s daughter!” 
Ellis nodded, then continued. “I asked the doctor, and 
although she’s not my uncle’s daughter, the match is very high. She must be my uncle’s niece.” 
Sam was slightly taken aback upon hearing this, “Not your uncle’s? Your uncle was the most dashing in his youth in our family…” 
09.13 
Sam had Ellis do a DNA test for Keera and his second brother, thinking that Keera might be his brother’s illegitimate daughter. 
Ellis then asked, “If she’s not your uncle’s, whose could she be? You only have two brothers…” 
Hearing that, Sam immediately looked toward Ellis. 
Ellis was taken aback. “Why are you looking at me like 
that?” 
Sam then said, “Could it be your dad’s?” 
“Pfft…” 
Ellis nearly lost it and said, “That’s impossible! My parents love each other so much! Don’t talk nonsense 
here.” 
Sam looked at him and remained silent, but his eyes 
were filled with pity. 
Unable to resist, Ellis said, “Uncle, have you never considered that she might be your daughter? She also has the surname South, and the Mrs. Olsen you are 
searching for has that surname as well… It isn’t a common surname, you know?” 
“It’s impossible.” 
09.13
Sam spoke with absolute certainty. “I’ve told you before, I know whether I’ve done that sort of thing. Since Keera isn’t your uncle’s, then she must be your dad’s. Go do another DNA test. Our family’s daughter can’t be left out in the cold. And it seems like she’s not living well. If she really is your half- sister, you should help out where you can. After all, our family needs a daughter!” 
Ellis was speechless. 
He twitched the corner of his mouth and finally walked out of Uncle Olsen’s room, silently making his way to his own parents’ place. 
Could Keera really be his dad’s illegitimate daughter? 
Thinking of his father’s henpecked demeanor, he still 
found it unbelievable. 
Ellis then turned back to glance at Uncle Olsen’s study, suddenly smiling as he took out a strand of hair from 
his hand. 
“Since my dad is under suspicion, Uncle Olsen could also be a suspect, so why not test both to clear things up?” 
Ellic entered his father’s room again took hig 
? 
toothbrush, and handed everything to his assistant to 
send to the testing center. 
The secretary suddenly said, “Mr. Ellis, I think I saw 
Lewis Horton in Clance.” 
Ellis was a little stunned, then smiled. “How is that possible? He has a trauma about Clance. He wouldn’t come here. You must’ve seen someone else!” 
But the secretary was puzzled. 
Could that be the case? 
Ellis then asked, “How’s the matter I asked you to look into going?” 
The secretary, upon hearing this, promptly handed the researched information over to Ellis. “We’ve found 
some information. This Keera’s birth mother is unknown, and seems like she’s an orphan. Her adoptive parents are middle-class, and Keera is quite ordinary herself. She attended a second-rate school, fell in love, and married her college boyfriend. He married into her family, and she handed over the company management to her husband, Howard Smith… 
The secretary paused here. 
09.13 
C
202 
Ellis then said, “What about her?” 
“She got pregnant and has been home taking care of her husband and teaching her child. She never went back to work again.” 
Ellis stopped in his tracks. “What did you say? Her 
parents raised her all the way through university just for her to become a housewife? Is her husband good to 
her?” 
The secretary cleared his throat. “Quite the contrary, according to our investigation, Howard had an affair not long after they were married. Unfortunately, Keera seems oblivious. Her friend Mary Davis told her about it, but she ended up blaming Mary for spreading 
rumors…” 
Ellis raised his eyebrow. “And then?” 
The secretary went on. “Later, Howard said Mary always bad-mouthing him and convinced Keera to ties with her. It appears that Keera really did block 
Mary.” 
These words made Ellis’s mouth twitch. “Is she that stupid? To be manipulated by a man like this? Uncle Olsen said she had an easy-going personality, but does
? 
this look like it?” 
The secretary, thinking of the information uncovered, also felt it was unbelievable. “Something happened today. Do you know what it was?” 
Ellis asked, “What?” 
“That Keera seems to have reconnected with Mary somehow. Who knows how she convinced Mary, but they actually signed a partnership deal… It seems like Keera did it to try to make Howard come back to her…” 
“I can’t believe it!” Ellis could hardly bear to listen any longer. “How can there be such a useless, incompetent, and foolish woman in this world?” 
The secretary was equally perplexed, “If it’s truly unbearable, why not just divorce? She really is…” 
Ellis took a deep breath. “Uncle Olsen has met all sor of people, and I never thought he’d misjudge someone one day.” 
He said, “Such a woman better not actually be my real sister. That would be an insult to the Olsen family’s 
intelligence!” 
The secretary coughed. “It looks like Uncle Olsen
? 
intends to acknowledge her and then bring her back 
into the family…” 
Ellis immediately stood up. “I don’t want such a relative! She’s simply too incompetent! Keep an eye on her, and when the DNA test results are out, don’t give them to Uncle Olsen. Give them to me first…” 
“Yes.” 
After the secretary left, Ellis showed a look of disdain. “That woman is just too stupid!” 
Meanwhile. 
“That woman is very foolish and extremely easy to manipulate!” 
In the South family’s small villa. 
Howard’s mother was sitting in the living room, holding Cindy’s hand and saying, “Cindy, don’t mind her. Once you give birth to the Smith family’s eldest grandson, I’ll make sure you’re brought into the family! If she doesn’t want to divorce then, we can just treat 
her as a free maid in the house! She can look after You have no idea. Her cooking is so delicious!” 
Cindy smiled. “Auntie, my cooking is delicious too. 
you.
< 
? 
Maybe today I’ll show you.” 
No sooner had she finished speaking, she deliberately covered her mouth and pretended to gag. 
Howard’s mother immediately said, “Don’t even think about it. You’re pregnant now, so how can you go into the kitchen? Let Keera do it. What do you want to 
eat?” 
Cindy looked toward Keera, who was tidying up the coffee table, and smiled. “I feel like eating fish. It’s just that fish takes a bit of effort to prepare…” 
Keira hadn’t expected that Howard would actually come home that evening. He had brought Cindy with 
him! 
…Their shamelessness was beyond her imagination! 
Howard’s mother had already yelled at Keira. “Did you hear that? Go make the fish already!” 
0 
09.13 
8 
图R 
###Chapter 283
Keira’s eyes dropped, her gaze a shield against the chill. 
Indeed, she had to play the part of not wanting a divorce and being utterly compliant with Howard and Howard’s mother, but that didn’t mean she would let herself be so maltreated! 
Cindy entering the family as boldly as she did was utterly shameless. 
She looked directly at Howard. “The contract Mary gave you today, it hasn’t been stamped by her company yet, has it?” 
These words made Howard stand up abruptly. “Keera, what are you implying? Are you threatening me?” 
Keira still kept her gaze lowered. “No, it’s just that Mary has always had clear principles, and she’s been finding you disagreeable for quite some time. If she learns that you brought Cindy to the house, I fear it could cause a lot of trouble. Howard, you’ve been keeping a mistress out there, and I’ve endured it, but don’t push me too far…” 
Howard had indeed brought Cindy home to test Keera’s boundaries. 
In the past, when Keera knew about his mistress, she had only made a scene and cried once. She didn’t even dare to mention divorce afterward.
So, he decided to bring Cindy home to see if Keera would react as she used to. If so, he could outright bring Cindy into their home… 
But he never expected Keera to actually use Mary to threaten him! 
Howard wanted to say something but then thought of the major deal with Mary and sneered coldly at Keira before turning to Cindy. “Cindy, her fish isn’t tasty. Let me take you out to dinner!” 
Cindy’s complexion immediately changed. “The food won’t be as clean. Pregnant women should have homemade meals.” 
Howard’s mother immediately looked at Keira. “Keera, stop throwing a tantrum here. If you continue to be unreasonable, I’ll have Howard divorce you! And then you will never see Amy again!”. 
Vairo still kant her hood down seemingly fragile and 
putting on an aggrieved appearance. “Mom, Howard, this house was left to me by my parents, so no concubine shall set foot here. This is my final line!” 
Howard’s mother suddenly shouted. “And what about the future, when she’s carrying the Smith family’s 
child?” 
Keira looked at them with a pitiable gaze. “The child may enter this house, but not this woman.” 
Cindy snapped. “You…” 
Howard immediately coughed. “Alright, Cindy, let’s go!”
Cindy wanted to say more, but Howard gave her a sharp glance. 
Cindy cast a resentful look at Keira but then saw this delicate woman promptly shooting her a provoking glance in return. 
In an instant, Cindy understood. Keera was declaring 
war! 
Ha. 
Did she really think she could win? 
It was just because she had snagged a deal with Mary 
that Howard was being compliant. Once the contract was signed and the partnership fully established, she would see who really could be arrogant! 
Cindy left reluctantly with Howard. 
After they left, Howard’s mother scoffed. “Are you satisfied now? Now get on with the cooking!” 
“…Okay.” 
Keira looked utterly docile. 
In the days that followed, she tried her best to play the part of a dutiful wife and daughter-in-law, cooking exquisite and tasty meals that fattened up Amy and
Howard’s mother. 
When at home, Keira didn’t talk much but was very 
diligent. 
Sometimes she would even deliberately seek to please 
Howard’s mother. 
She overheard Howard’s mother talking to Howard on the phone several times. “Keera is taking such good care of me! Now I just do aerobics every day and nothing else. She’s much more sensible than before and even frequently tries to butter me up. I’m 
thinking. After you divorce her, we could keep her around as a housemaid without having to pay her a salary. Wouldn’t that be wonderful?” 
Keira just smirked. 
It’s easy to transition from frugality to luxury, but hard to return to frugality from luxury. 
In modern society, how could a normal daughter-in-law possibly take care of her 
mother-in-law like this? 
The more she did now, the more she would satisfy Howard’s mother, and the more comparisons there 
would be once she divorced and Howard’s mother
lived with Cindy. 
She could almost see the mess they would be in after living together… 
A month passed by quickly. 
In two days, the contract would expire. 
Howard seemed utterly oblivious. His company was unable to deliver the technology, while he and Cindy lived blissfully in their little home outside. 
“My lawyer is all ready. As soon as the day after 
tomorrow comes, we’ll sue him!” 
Mary said excitedly to Keira, then looked at her earnestly. “Keera, I’m asking you one last time. After a month of the cooling-off period, are you sure? Do you want to divorce him?” 
Keira nodded. “I’m sure.” 
“Good! I was really afraid you would go soft, using these tactics only to make him have a change of heart.” 
Keira changed the subject. “By the way, why did you ask me to meet you here today?” 
It was a private restaurant that was very quiet, and the decor made it clear that it wouldn’t be cheap.
Mary immediately raised an eyebrow. “Oh, I’m meetin a blind date here today, so I called you over to help me 
check him out.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She was a little stunned. “A blind date?” 
Mary sighed, “Yeah, it’s a marriage alliance for business reasons! My family’s situation is quite complicated… My parents say this marriage is important, and the other party is of high status. He 
wants 
to pick a bride in Clance, and I’m one of the 
candidates!” 
She propped her chin with both hands, her whole demeanor showing a touch of listlessness. “Keera, sometimes I really envy you. At least you’re free to follow your heart. You married Howard when you 
wanted to, whereas I…” 
Her gaze drooped. “If the man today takes a liking to me, my parents will have more say at home.” 
After saying this, she gave a self-deprecating laugh, then took out a makeup mirror from her bag to touch up her makeup before looking at Keira. “Do I look pretty today? Do you think that man will be
impressed?” 
Keira saw a hint of reluctance in her eyes. 
She pursed her lips and said, “Yes, that man will 
definitely be impressed with you!” 
People from every social class have their own troubles. 
Wealthy families were no exception. 
Mary nodded. “I think so too. Among the female celebrities of Clance, my beauty ranks in the top five. 
III 
The men who pursue me could circle the earth. If he has any taste at all, he’ll surely be impressed by me!” 
After saying this, she propped her chin again. “But I heard that they originally had no girls in that family. For the sake of the marriage, they chose two girls from the side branches to raise under the main house’s 
name. It makes me think if I really marry into that family, I’ll have two hard-to-please sisters-in-law!” 
She sighed silently. “Keera, if only you had a brother, I’d just marry him and become your sister-in-law!” 
Keira asked, Who’s your blind date?”
Mary sighed helplessly. “He’s from one of Clance’s five major families and is the young master of the Olsen family, Ellis Olsen.” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Just as Mary finished speaking, the door suddenly opened, and Ellis walked in. 
B
###Chapter 284
Chapter 284 Good Impression
Keira watched as Ellis walked in and sat down at Table 8 not far away. 
Mary watched from afar and immediately lowered her voice, anxiously saying, "See that man, Keera? The one in Table 8. How is he? He looks alright, doesn't he?" 
When Keira saw Mary's cheeks flush, she remembered Ellis's arrogance in Oceanion and coughed, saying, "It doesn't matter what he looks like. Personality is key." 
Mary immediately responded with tension. "His personality is fine too. I went to a gathering before and faced some difficulties; he helped me..." 
Her earnest justification made Keira immediately realize something and asked, "Do you like him?" 
This past month, as Keera, she had come into frequent contact with Mary and had long noticed that this young lady was sharp-tongued but soft-hearted. 
Mary's ears turned red at this, and she said, "No, how could I be worthy of liking him? It's just a blind date arranged by the family. I came to see if there's any connection!" 
This stubborn facade... 
Keira understood and smiled. "Yes, right, it's just a blind date. Why don't you go over there now? Don't keep him waiting." 
Mary stood up awkwardly and walked over to Table 8, still adding a line to Keira. "I'm just going through the motions for my family." 
Keira shook her head in resignation at this. 
She happened to have her back to Ellis, so he hadn't noticed her presence. 
It wasn't until Mary circumvented the area that she approached Ellis. 
Not knowing what to do with her hands and feet, Mary coughed and stood awkwardly next to Ellis. Then she started, "Mr. Olsen, hello, I'm Mary Davis." 
Ellis raised an eyebrow, nodding toward the chair opposite him as a sign for her to sit down, and then he eyed her seriously. 
His gaze made Mary extremely nervous, and she couldn't help but lower her head to inspect herself, worrying about whether anything was amiss. While she was anxiously unsettled, she heard Ellis say mockingly, "So this is what you look like!" 
Mary was stunned. "You know me?" 
"Heard of you," Ellis said indifferently. "I don't think much of your family background, but I was curious to see what a foolish woman like you would look like. As expected, you're just a vase with appearance." 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
She frowned, and her fingers, hidden under the table, clenched tightly as a sudden pang hit her in the chest. 
She took a deep breath, looking at Ellis with incomprehension. "Mr. Olsen, is there some kind of misunderstanding between us?" 
"No." Ellis blinked. 
He wasn't familiar with Mary; however, during the recent period of inquiring about "Keera", he had heard too many ridiculous moves. 
Mary's own best friend was love-struck, but she didn't stop Keera. She went as far as using her own family's company to vie for a favor? 
Ellis had always despised foolish, unprincipled people. 
Mary's actions had struck a nerve with him. 
Therefore, in addition to his dissatisfaction with "Keera", he also felt some resentment toward Mary, Keera's best friend. 
How could he, Ellis, have such an idiotic cousin?! 
Correct. 
The DNA test results had been out for a while, confirming that Keera was indeed his cousin. 
But Ellis didn't want to acknowledge someone so foolish; thus, he kept it under wraps. 
Today, upon hearing that his blind date was Mary, he couldn't help but come over out of curiosity... 
At this thought, he stood up abruptly. "You're not suitable for me. I'll pick up the tab for this meal; farewell." 
With that, he left straight away. 
Mary still sat there, utterly baffled. 
Indeed, she had a good impression of Ellis. 
The Davis family was also unsettled, and her status within was quite awkward. At every gathering, she was always caught between high and low and was often bullied. 
Ellis had saved her, and she knew that although he was called the devil in Clance, he was a man of principles and loyalty. 
At each gathering, she would hide in a corner, secretly gazing at this man. 
Her crush was well concealed... 
She never imagined she'd get a chance to have a blind date with him. Her feelings were very complex when she came here, which was why she called Keera over to help her calm down. 
But what did he just say? 
"I just wanted to see what such a foolish woman looked like. As I suspected, she's nothing but an empty-headed beauty, a vase with nothing but her looks." 
Tears welled up in Mary's eyes. 
She was attractive but was always undervalued at home. No matter how capable or how much she contributed to the family business, the elders still treated her as nothing but a decorative piece. 
Even this opportunity to have a blind date with Ellis was only because the elders felt she was pretty enough to catch his eye... 
She was humiliated by her family and now mocked by Ellis as well. 
She clenched her fingers tightly, and tears of shame welled up in her eyes. 
But she immediately bit her lip hard and wiped the tear from the corner of her eye with a tissue before standing up as if nothing had happened. 
Keira sensed something was wrong and hurried over, "What happened?" 
"It's nothing." 
Mary clenched her fists. "He didn't like me." 
"That's his loss," Keira immediately consoled her. "You're beautiful, kind, and smart. He's simply blind." 
Mary took a deep breath. "Yeah, Keera, let's go. I have to report back." 
"...Okay." 
Mary drove the car herself and took Keira back home. As they were about to part, Mary seemed to have recovered, smiling as she said, "The day after tomorrow, the lawsuit will definitely reach the company." 
"Okay." 
Keira looked at her seriously. "Mary, thank you. If you have any trouble, remember to tell me." 
"I know." 
Mary waved her hand and started the car. On her way home, she took out her phone and called her financial advisor. "Is the twenty million I asked you to withdraw a while ago ready?" 
"It's ready, Miss Davis. It's the dowry your family gave you. Are you sure you want to use it now?" 
Mary looked at the road ahead. "Yes." 
After all, Keera had been a housewife for a few years; she didn't understand that decisions within a family company like theirs couldn't be made by one person alone. 
Since she was in charge of the new energy research and development, it was possible to offer her a cooperation agreement and to hold Howard's company accountable as well. 
But it seemed that Keera hadn't fully thought through the subsequent matters. 
After the divorce from Howard, all the debt would fall on her shoulders. Where would Keera find twenty million?! 
She couldn't really let Keera end up on the streets with Amy, could she? 
Meanwhile. 
Ellis also returned to the Olsen family and entered his study, where he couldn't help but say, "So that Mary Davis was her. I remember she was always quietly sitting in the corner at every gathering. Her face is unforgettable." 
Ellis had always remembered her. 
Although Mary was quiet and unobtrusive, her face conformed exactly to his aesthetic preferences: bright features with a sense of peace and harmony - the type he very much liked. 
Even when his family told him it was time to marry and have children, the first image that came to his mind was her, but... 
Ellis shook his head, "Appearances can be deceiving. She has such a face, but she has wasted her intelligence. What a pity." 
Hearing this, his secretary asked, "Do I continue to update you on Miss Keera's affairs?" 
Ellis now felt a headache whenever he heard those two words. 
He couldn't resist complaining, "How can there be such a foolish woman in the world?" 
The secretary didn't dare to speak. 
After working for the Olsen family for so many years, he understood their personalities all too well. 
The Olsen family always covered for their own! 
They could criticize their own cousin, but nobody else could! 
Sure enough, Ellis went on. "Keep an eye on her. Don't let her be completely taken advantage of. She's my cousin, and even if she's that stupid, at least make sure she can live a comfortable life!"
###Chapter 285
Mary quickly returned to the Davis home. 
As soon as she entered the door and saw the people in the room, her expression immediately grew grave. 
In their own villa, not only were her parents there, but 
so were her other uncles and aunts. 
It seemed that all of the older generation of the Davis family had come! 
At that moment, everyone was staring at her; her eldest aunt could hardly wait to ask, “Well? Did Mr. Ellis take a liking to you?” 
Mary’s fingers tightened instantly, and she looked 
down. 
She swallowed before saying, “No…” 
“No?!” 
Her eldest aunt’s voice instantly became shrill. “How could it not be? Mary, are you not gentle enough? Haven’t I told you? When you see Mr. Ellis, talk about horses more; he loves horse racing the most!” 
Her eldest uncle spoke dispassionately, “Don’t rush, Mary. Tell us the details of the blind date so we can analyze it and figure out where the problem lies.”
A trace of shame and anger flashed across Mary’s face. 
Her private affairs were to be laid out and scrutinized 
in detail? 
Her father then intervened. “Brother, Sister-in-law, this, after all, is Mary’s private affair. Since Mr. Ellis didn’t take a liking, then it must mean Mary doesn’t 
have such a fate. I think there’s no need to dwell on it 
any further…” 
Mary’s second uncle immediately scoffed. ” Brother, our eldest brother is the family head, and it’s his turn to speak. Is it your place to interrupt?” 
Mary’s father was suddenly at a loss for words. 
The aunt spoke disdainfully as well. “Brother, the Davis family was indeed once the primary line of the Davis family’s legacy, but now that the old man has passed away, we can only be considered a collateral line. If we don’t strive in this generation, soon we’ll be 
indistinguishable from the most distant relatives!” 
Mary’s grandfather was the gooand can of the 
11.56 
19 
legitimate line of the Davis family. After the eldest took over as family head, Mary’s grandfather broke away to 
live on his own. 
While Mary’s grandfather was still alive, the first 
branch of the family showed them some respect, but after the grandfather passed away, the uncle from the main branch who became the head began to tighten his control of the family’s authority, and they were gradually marginalized. 
Although they still lived with dignity, in just a few more years, they would be downgraded to a second- tier influential family. 
The second uncle continued ” Brother, although we don’t share the same mother, for many years, everyone has held great expectations for Mary, hoping she could marry into the first branch of one of the other fo major families and elevate our status! This opport was fought for by our eldest brother from the main branch only for Mary. Can you say this is her private matter? Can you justify this to our eldest brother?” 
Seeing this scene, Mary clenched her fists. 
379 
Her father indeed didn’t have the same mother as 
these people. 
Their mother was also from one of the five major families, but, unfortunately, after giving birth to their aunt, she weakened in health, fell ill, and died.
Afterward, her grandfather remarried her grandmother, who came from a minor family… 
By all means, her grandmother should have been treated with respect as their mother after many years of companionship with her grandfather, but instead… 
After her grandfather passed away, her eldest uncle, second uncle, and aunt joined forces to drive her grandmother out of the ancestral home. They said that since she wasn’t the original wife, even in death, she couldn’t be buried alongside Grandpa. 
Although Mary could be considered a member of the Davis family, in reality, their family’s status within the Davis family was exceedingly awkward. 
Her father was dutifully filial, and her grandmother 
was a traditional woman who didn’t wish to break away from the family, always hoping to be buried with her grandfather… 
Mary thought of this and felt a sense of suffocation. 
Seeing her like this, her mother couldn’t help but look at her with dismay. “Mary, what exactly happened during the blind date? Just tell us…” 
Mary clenched her fingers before finally speaking up. “Mr. Ellis was dissatisfied with me. I had barely sat down and hadn’t even spoken when he left.” 
As soon as these words came out, one of her uncles became extremely disappointed. “With your looks, he didn’t even bother to give you a second glance?” 
Mary said, “No, he didn’t.”
The aunt immediately scoffed. “A granddaughter brought up in a small family background is just useless! Brother, you insisted on giving her this opportunity. See? it was wasted! If I had known earlier, I might a well have let my daughter try! At the young people’s private gatherings, my daughter was able to speak a few words with Mr. Ellis…” 
The second uncle’s wife also sneered. “Sister-in-law, 
your daughter isn’t a member of the Davis family, but we have plenty of daughters in our family waiting to be married. Indeed, the first branch chose wrongly 
570 
this time! Who is Mr. Ellis? How would he possibly take a fancy to someone who is nothing but a pretty face with no understanding of anything?” 
Mary didn’t respond to these words, but his father could no longer hold back. “Sister-in-law, how can you speak so harshly? Mary studied new energy in college, and now she’s been valued by the first branch and is in charge of the new energy research and development projects at the Davis Corporation… In her generation, she’s the first one to hold such a position! Mary is a capable and good child!” 
Once he said this, the uncle from the first branch snorted coldly. “Fourth brother, since you brought it up, there’s something I have to say. I heard she abused her authority to sign a contract for her best friend’s husband. That’s utterly preposterous!” 
The second uncle’s wife’s voice immediately became shrill. “What? Mary! When my maternal family’s nephew wanted to work in the New Energy Research and Development Department of the Davis
Corporation, you said we couldn’t pull strings, and now for an outsider, for a best friend who is mentally deficient, you blatantly do such a thing? You must 
619 
really be blinded by greed!” 
Mary immediately said, “You can insult me, but don’t drag my friend into it.” 
“What friend? That’s nothing but a questionable outsider! I’ve heard her husband cheated on her, and she just tolerates it. With her feeble and incompetent love-struck brain, you’re forbidden from associating 
with her in the future!” 
The first branch’s uncle stood up and looked at her, “Mary, I gave you a chance. If Mr. Ellis had taken a liking to you, I would have turned a blind eye to your actions, but unfortunately, you failed to grasp the opportunity, and I won’t bend the rules for personal 
reasons anymore! 
“That contract is on you for judging people wrongly. If their company fails to deliver the research plan tomorrow, I’ll definitely have the legal department sue them for compensation according to the contract, and at the same time, you’ll be held responsible for the investment failure! When the time comes, don’t blame me for not considering our relationship!” 
Mary clenched her fists tightly. 
Among her peers, she was the first to pass the interview for Davis Corporation and to work there. 
Thus, she had long been a thorn in the side of these 
families. 
It was an investment failure, but according to the contract, if compensation could be obtained, it meant she had rectified her mistake with her investment. 
The first branch’s uncle was clearly looking for an excuse to fire her from Davis Corporation. 
Mary looked at them and, facing the leviathan that was Davis Corporation, felt somewhat powerless. 
But it didn’t matter. At the very least, she could help Keera divorce and escape from Howard’s clutches. 
Meanwhile, Keira, after preparing dinner for Howard’s mother and Amy, entered the bedroom and took out Keera’s laptop. 
The laptop contained a research and development plan. 
Once Howard shifted all the blame onto her and divorced her, she planned to use this latest research and development plan to seek in-depth cooperation 
879 
with Davis Corporation. 
She wouldn’t let Mary be put in a difficult position. 
It just occurred to her that she hadn’t mentioned this
to Mary yet. 
Time quickly reached the third day. 
The Davis Corporation’s lawsuit was delivered to Howard early in the morning. 
R Leave the first comment for this replay. 
8 
> 
###Chapter 286
At this moment, Cindy was in the office coquettishly complaining to Howard about her grievances. “I just want to live in a villa, and your son wants to be born in 
one too.” 
Howard said, “Okay, I’ll go back and discuss it with her again.” 
Cindy blinked and said, “Yeah, you should go back and discuss it with her. After all, she’s the owner of the 
villa! The villa is under her name.” 
She knew exactly how to infuriate Howard. 
As expected, these words immediately provoked him, and Howard retorted. “Hers? That’s mine! I’m the head of the household! Haven’t you seen that I call the shots with everything at the company? Tonight, you’re coming home with me, and you’ll settle down in the villa with peace of mind!” 
Seeing his reaction, Cindy quickly said, “Wouldn’t your wife be unhappy and kick us out? Didn’t she kick me 
out last time?” 
1713 
280
“She wouldn’t dare!” 
Howard lifted his chin defiantly. 
It was at this moment that someone knocked on the office door and entered, handing him the letter. “Mr. Smith, someone just delivered this! They say we haven’t submitted the research and development proposal on time, and Davis Corporation has sued us! They’re demanding we compensate them twenty million according to the contract!” 
“What?!” 
Cindy let out a shocked exclamation, looking incredulously at the indictment. 
Howard dismissed it with a wave of his hand. “It must 
be a mistake on their part. Mary is so good to Keera. 
How could they sue us!” 
He looked at his secretary, “But on the R&D 
department’s end, the proposal wasn’t submitted on time, was it?” 
The secretary immediately replied, “Mr. Smith, our core staff member in the R&D department was poached last month. He came to you asking for a raise, 
which you refuged and you quan told him to not out 
JA 
But he hadn’t expected things to turn out like this. 
Howard immediately said, “Don’t panic. I’m calling Mary right now.” 
After saying this, he took out his phone and dialed Mary’s number. 
Mary answered quickly, and Howard immediately explained the situation before adding, “Do you think there’s some misunderstanding here? Or maybe you 
can 
give us another month’s extension. We’ve just hired new tech staff, and we’ll definitely be able to produce the proposal for you!” 
He thought that would settle everything. 
After all, with so many joint projects with Davis Corporation, no one would focus on such a small one. They were steadily receiving R&D funds, and not producing results wouldn’t be a big deal… 
But to his surprise, Mary actually bellowed at him. “Howard! You have the nerve to call me?! Do you 
realize that because of this incident, I also suffered at the company? My great-uncle was already displeased with my joining the corporation over my cousin, and now he’s using this as leverage to fire me! Now that 
286 Blame Keen 
my own position is at risk, I don’t have the capacity to help you any longer! You’re on your own!” 
With that statement, Mary hung up. 
Howard was stunned.
He immediately looked at his secretary. “Hurry to Davis Corporation and find out if Mary really is getting fired.” 
“Yes.” 
After the secretary left, Cindy asked, “Howard, what do we do now? Do we really have to pay twenty million? Even if we sold the company, it wouldn’t be 
worth that much!” 
Howard was frantically pacing and suddenly stood up to leave. “I’m going back to see Keera.” 
Cindy’s face was filled with anxiety, and upon hearing this, her eyes flickered. She immediately followed him, “I’m coming with you!” 
The two quickly returned to the South family villa. 
At that moment, Keira was still playing the role of the dutiful wife and mother, busy preparing lunch in the kitchen for Howard’s mother. 
1167 
5.8 
As soon as the door was opened, Howard charged into 
the kitchen. 
Keira showed just the right amount of surprise and joy. “You’re back?”
Seeing that she was trying to please him, Howard immediately ordered, “Call Mary right now and make her find a way to withdraw the lawsuit against the company!” 
Keira pretended to be uninformed. “What lawsuit?” 
“Just make the call! No more nonsense!” 
Howard was furious. 
Keira immediately lowered her head. “Okay, I’ll call.” 
She looked down, took out her phone, and dialed Mary’s number, but the message on the other end wa “Hello, the phone you have dialed is turned off…” 
She was stunned for a moment, then looked at 
Howard. 
Howard hastily said, “Use WhatsApp voice call.” 
Keira quickly opened WhatsApp and made a voice call to Mary, but Mary immediately hung up and soon sent 
628 
her a message. “Keera, I’m sorry, but we shouldn’t contact each other anymore” 
When Keira tried to send another message, she found she had been blocked. 
She stared blankly at her phone.
Howard, with a dark expression, stepped forward, his hand raised to slap her face. “Bitch! You’ve ruined me!” 
Keira didn’t let herself get hit. 
She too seemed extremely aggrieved, and as Howard made his move, she crouched down, hugged her knees, and began to cry, “Why would Mary do this? Why did 
she block me?!” 
Howard’s slap missed, and as he was about to kick and punch Keira, she stood up and grabbed Howard’s arm “Howard, you can’t abandon me! I’m your wife, and I can’t come up with twenty million. The property prices in Clance are unstable, and if we have to sell the 
house, it would only fetch half its value, which won’t add up to twenty million! Will I end up in jail? Think of 
something! We’re husband and wife, for better or for 
worse…” 
These words made Howard pause. 
28 
286 
He suddenly realized something. The company’s legal person and shares were all in Keera’s name, and even this villa was under her name! 
If Davis Corporation pursued this matter, all he needed to do was get a divorce and push all the responsibility onto Keira, then he could walk away scot-free.
His eyes instantly lit up. 
@ 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
B 
> 
###Chapter 287
Howard glanced at Keera with a flicker of something in his eyes before he said, “Okay, don’t worry. I’ll definitely think of something.” 
Having said that, he turned around and left with Cindy. 
But Cindy had already caught on to something and blurted out, “Divorce her, then you won’t have any responsibilities!” 
She was already pregnant with Howard’s child and, of course, hoped that Howard could have a good life. 
Howard frowned, however. “That’s the worst choice. If we really get divorced, I might end up with nothing. Wouldn’t all my efforts in the past three years go to 
waste?!” 
He had been married to Keera for three years already… 
Cindy didn’t want him to walk away empty-handed either and immediately said, “Then what should we 
do?” 
– 
“There must be a way; there’s definitely a way…” 
Howard stroked his chin, and his eyes lit up. “When we were in Oceanion, she had a pretty good relationship with Uncle Olsen. Let’s find Uncle Olsen to intervene. Just one word from him to Davis
Corporation, and they’ll surely stop pursuing the lawsuit. As long as they withdraw the legal action, there’s still a chance for everything to turn around!” 
After he and Cindy left, Keira’s phone lit up, displaying a WhatsApp notification that Mary had added her as a 
friend. 
Soon after came a message from Mary. 
“I blocked you for five minutes, consider it payback for the half-year you blocked me! Teehee! 
“By the way, how are things on your end? Is he going to divorce you?” 
Keira replied, “Not yet.” 
Mary asked, “So what now?” 
Keira said. “It looks like he won’t give up until he’s at the end of his rope. As long as Davis Corporation doesn’t drop the lawsuit, he’ll be like an ant on a hot 
pan. Don’t rush it.” 
Mary’s chat status continuously showed that she was typing… 
But after ten minutes of typing, still no message came. 
Keira, unable to resist, asked, “What’s wrong? Is there something inconvenient on your end?” 
Mary immediately replied, “No, I just feel like you’re not quite the same as before.”
Keira looked at the message and was about to respond with something when she saw another message from Mary pop up. “Keera, no matter what happens, I’ll always stand by your side. Whether it’s the past you, the present you, or the future you. As long as it’s you, I will always be there for you!” 
Keira froze as she read the message. 
She had been acting as her sister for a while, and her interactions with Mary made her feel like she had a 
friend for the first time. 
At this moment, looking at the message, she wanted to tell Mary that she was no longer Keera… 
But after a long silence, she ultimately didn’t voice that 
thought. 
She thought that if Keera was still alive, she would certainly have regretted being too love-struck to trust in friendship and blocked Mary… 
Keira was silent for a long, long time, and finally replied with only one sentence. “Thank you for liking 
Keera.” 
The message was actually a bit odd. 
But Keera often said strange things, so Mary didn’t 
mind it.
She was yet to put down her phone when Uncle Davis, who was sitting across the dining table from her suddenly scoffed. “Mary, as long as you land the next client, I’ll secure the position of R&D project tear leader for you. Could you please focus a little and being so distracted?” 
Mary immediately set down her phone. “Unele, don’t worry. I’ll definitely perform well.” 
She needed to stay in the company to find a way to retract the lawsuit after the divorce or to help Keera pay that twenty million, so if there was a chance to 
keen the job she had to try. 
Uncle Davis’s eyes flickered with a hint of mockery as he heard her. “Hmm, Mr. Lynch is not very tactful. Don’t provoke him later.” 
Mary nodded. “I understand, Uncle.” 
No sooner had these words fallen than there was a knock on the door, followed by the entry of a portly 
man. 
He appeared to be in his forties, and his appearance was quite greasy. 
After shaking hands with Uncle Davis, he immediately turned to Mary with a beaming smile. “Mr. Davis, who is this young lady? I’ve never seen her before!” 
Uncle Davis replied with a smile, “This is my fourth brother’s daughter, who is currently interning at Day Corporation. Today she’s accompanying me to gain some exposure.” 
Mr. Lynch immediately nodded. “Oh? Miss Davis, a
pleasure to meet you…” 
He extended his hand toward Mary. 
When Mary took his hand, she only felt his palm 
clammy and quite disgusting. 
She tried to pull her hand back, but he tightened his grip slightly, making it hard for her to pull away. 
Immediately, she sought help from her uncle with her 
eyes. 
Uncle Davis then said with a laugh, “Mr. Lynch, please take a seat! The dishes will get cold if we wait much longer!” 
Only then did Mr. Lynch sit down with a lecherous grin. 
Uncle Davis discussed a few matters about the contract with Mr. Lynch. This was Uncle Davis’s project. If he could seal the deal, it would earn him the admiration of the first branch and further solidify his position within Davis Corporation. 
But Mr. Lynch, all smiles, avoided bringing up the contract and kept glancing over at Mary. 
Uncle Davis then said with a laugh, “Mary, Mr. Lynch has taken a liking to you. Why don’t you toast him?” 
Mary felt repulsed by the look in Mr. Lynch’s eyes. 
Reluctantly, she stood up with her glass, walked over to Mr. Lynch, and said with a smile, “Uncle. Lynch, my
69 
uncle often speaks of you, saying you’re a good friend. 
I’d like to offer you a toast!” 
With that statement, she distinguished their generational gap. 
It caused a sudden change in Mr. Lynch’s expression. 
Uncle Davis furrowed his brows and glared at Mary, then shot a look at Mr. Lynch. 
Mary was only paying attention to Mr. Lynch and didn’t notice her uncle’s expression. She just saw Mr. Lynch’s expression change, and then he stood up. “Alright, my dear niece, your Uncle Lynch will surely take good care of you from now on!” 
Mary breathed a sigh of relief and downed the content of her glass all at once. 
Then she looked at Uncle Davis. “Uncle, I just 
remembered that I still have some work to do. You and 
Uncle Lynch enjoy yourselves. I need to head back!” 
Having said that, she quickly picked up her bag and started walking out. 
Even a fool could see that something was off with Uncle Davis; how could she possibly stay there?! 
But just as she took a few steps, she suddenly felt dizzy, and her body went limp!
Mary instantly realized what had happened and looked desperately at her glass, then incredulously at Uncle 
Davis!! 
She thought, being the daughter of the Davis family and her uncle’s niece, she was just a ploy to secure a contract with her beauty, but she had never imagined Uncle Davis would drug her drink! 
This was completely beyond what she could comprehend or accept! 
She rushed to the door and flung it open, hoping to cry for help from anyone passing by. 
Yet, she hadn’t expected that when she opened the door, the person walking by her private room would actually be Ellis. 
Hearing the commotion, he turned around in surprise 
and saw Mary. 
As their eyes met, the plea for help choked in her 
throat. 
Mary stood there, stunned. 
Ope 
In her mind, she heard the words Ellis had once said about her during a matchmaking encounter. “… indeed, just an empty-headed beauty with nothing but looks.”
Would he think even less of her if he found out she was using her looks to discuss a deal? 
“My dear niece, you’ve had too much drink! Come have 
some tea…” 
From behind, Uncle Davis suddenly approached and grabbed Mary’s arm, pulling her back inside, then proceeded to push the door closed. 
In the very moment he was about to shut the door, a hand suddenly stopped it… 
R 
8 
> 
###Chapter 288
Mary looked at that slender hand and was slightly 
taken aback.” 
Then she saw the door being pushed open. 
Uncle Davis couldn’t help but turn his head to look, only to see a man standing outside. 
Upon seeing him, everyone in the room paused for a 
moment. 
Everyone knew this person. He was the assistant to Mr. Ellis. He stood there, his gaze sweeping over everyone present before finally settling on Mary. “Mr. Ellis is dining next door, and he asked me to come and say hello. Miss Davis, are you alright?” 
Uncle Davis immediately paused. 
He then turned his gaze toward Mary. 
He had originally thought that Mary hadn’t caught Mr. Ellis’s eye, which was why he brought her here to accompany the fat Lynch, but now Mr. Ellis suddenly came in to greet her… 
Was Mr. Ellis interested in Mary? 
288 Something 
Mary hadn’t expected Mr. Ellis’s assistant to expressly ask after her, but she instantly understood; this was her chance to flaunt borrowed power.
She decisively grabbed the opportunity, smiling. “I’m fine. There’s no need for Mr. Ellis to worry. I was just discussing a partnership with Uncle Lynch and my uncle. Right, Uncle Lynch?” 
Mr. Lynch was also bewildered at this point. 
Ever since the Davis family’s main branch took control of the company, they had been excluding the second branch. 
That was why he dared to show disrespect to the second branch, as a sort of statement to the main 
branch. 
He couldn’t afford to offend any of the five major 
families! 
Now that Mr. Ellis had spoken up, how would he dare say anything? He immediately replied with a grin. “Yes, yes, I’m here discussing a partnership with my niece! Dear niece, did you bring the contract?” 
Mary looked toward her uncle. 
210 
Her uncle immediately said, “Yes, I did.” 
He directly took the contract out of his pocket. 
Without saying another word, Mr. Lynch signed the contract and then cheerily looked at Mary. “Dear niece, your uncle and I are like brothers. His niece is practically my own! I just remembered I have something else to attend to, so I’ll take my leave first!”
With that statement, Mr. Lynch promptly ran off. 
Mary’s uncle wiped the non-existent cold sweat from his forehead and tentatively looked at Mary, asking, “Dear niece, you and Mr. Ellis…” 
Mary lowered her gaze. “Uncle, we are just friends. You’re mistaken. Since the contract is signed, I’ll be going now.” 
Upon reaching the doorway, she suddenly turned 
Her uncle paused for a moment, then suddenly understood something. “My dear niece, rest assured, that contract issue with your friend’s company, I’ll 
retract the lawsuit…” 
Mary had flaunted borrowed authority today, 
38 
288 
leveraging Ellis’s influence for this very reason, fearing it would hinder Keera’s big plans, so hearing this, she immediately said, “There’s no need to retract the 
lawsuit.” 
Her uncle was baffled. “No need to retract the lawsuit? Aren’t you and your close friend the best of friends? 
You…”
Mary could only make up an excuse on the spot. “Yes, she’s my best friend, but she chose to block me over a man. Do you think I am trying to get close to her now for what reason? Of course, it’s for revenge. I want to witness her regretting and crying after her husband abandons her. Uncle, you must not intervene in this 
matter.” 
Her uncle didn’t quite understand the friendships between young women, but seeing Mary so vehem he could only nod. “Oh, okay, don’t worry. I won’t ge 
involved in this matter.” 
Only then did Mary pull the door open and step out. 
When the door to the private room closed again, she took a deep breath, still feeling somewhat dizzy and light-headed, but she forced herself to maintain her 
288 Something 
composure, at least she couldn’t collapse here. 
As she turned to leave, she suddenly froze in place. 
There stood Ellis, who should have left. He frowned as he looked at her. He had obviously heard the entire conversation in the private room. 
Ellis had just walked past and seen Mary, also noticing her anxiousness and that something was off. 
He blocked the private room door that was about to close. Yet he found his own action a bit baffling, which was why he sent his assistant in to lend Mary a hand! 
But he never expected that Mary would actually take advantage of his help!
If it was just for signing a contract, that would be end of it. 
After all, such things were common in the business world, and he didn’t mind being used this once, especially since Mary was beautiful… 
But, unfortunately, Mary, after gaining an advantage, used it on his cousin, Keera! 
It was simply… enough to freeze Ellis’s favorable impression of her! 
69 
Initially, he thought Mary’s conflict with Keera was just foolish, but now it seemed that Mary was both stupid and vicious! How could she do such a thing to her own 
friend and bestie?! 
Ellis had always been a man of loyalty, despising those who play dirty and backstab friends the most. 
His gaze turned icy, his smile edged with scorn, and suddenly he grabbed Mary, pulling her into his 
embrace. 
Mary’s entire body collided with his chest, making her even more dizzy. 
The drug slowly started to take effect, and she forced herself to shake her head, barely maintaining her rationality. “You…”
Before she could finish, Ellis had already leaned d whispering into her ear. “For what just happened, w will you give me in return?” 
His breath sprayed on Mary’s ear. 
It sent shivers down her spine, magnifying her 
reactions. 
She leaned against Ellis, her eyes gradually growing 
58 
288 
dazed as her hands suddenly wrapped around his 
neck… 
Ellis stiffened all over. 
He initially just wanted to scare her, but what was this woman doing? She started clinging to him? 
He tried to push her away, only to hear Mary murmur, “Ellis, I like you so much…” 
Ellis was taken aback, then scoffed. “How many people have you said that to?” 
Mary smiled at him, extending a finger. 
But her vision was blurring.
Although she tried to extend one finger, several appeared before her, and she muttered in confusion 
“So many…” 
Ellis’s expression turned cold instantly. “Mary, I didn’t expect someone who appears so innocent could play so wild behind the scenes?!” 
Mary could no longer hear what he was saying and pressed closer against the man. “Ellis, I’m so hot.” 
She began to undo her shirt, revealing a delicate 
718 
collarbone. 
Ellis’s breathing became hurried for a moment. 
He was never a gentleman; he had already taken an interest in Mary, and now she was throwing herself at 
him… 
Besides, Mary was no lady, so why not play along! 
Ellis bent down, picked up Mary, and carried her into the adjacent private room! 
He laid Mary down on the sofa and then bent over her. As soon as he touched her burning skin, Ellis finally sensed that something was amiss… 
R 
B 
###Chapter 289
Her skin was so hot, and the way she looked… Was she drugged? 
Ellis furrowed his brows. 
He asked, “Mary, do you know who I am?” 
“You are Ellis!” 
Mary murmured, continuing to snuggle up to him. 
How could Ellis resist such seduction? 
His breathing grew heavier, and, holding onto Mary’s chin, with a profound look in his eyes, he said, “This isn’t your first time, is it?” 
Mary was startled. 
Even though her reasoning was almost completely worn down, she still paused for a moment, feeling a slight pain in her chest. 
Her blurred eyes looked at Ellis, and after a while, she suddenly laughed. “Of course not.” 
ΤΙ ΕΙΣ 
0 
( 
Upon hearing this, Ellis felt an inexplicable annoyance 
in his chest. 
With just a look, he sent his assistant and the others away, and then he fiercely turned his gaze to Mary, “You are the one who started this!” 
Outside, the client Ellis had an appointment with today was stopped by his assistant. 
About to ask what was going on, faint sounds suggesting a tryst emanated from the private room, letting the visitor immediately catch on. “Since Mr. Ellis isn’t unavailable today, let’s reschedule for another 
time.” 
Watching the visitor leave, the assistant returned his attention to the private room. 
The sounds inside were becoming more intense. 
His face flushed with embarrassment, but he could only wave his hand, signaling the bodyguards to step back a few paces to keep a distance. 
Alas! He wasn’t a man and wasn’t immune to 
eavesdropping. He was a perfectly normal man! Mr. Ellis should definitely give him a pay raise! 
11 52 
0 
Mary had no idea how much time had passed when she finally woke up. 
She moved her sore arms. 
Every part of her felt as if it had been crushed by a massive truck, leaving her brain somewhat fogged, 
unsure of where she was… 
“Click.” 
The light turned on. 
Only then did she notice it was dark outside, and a 
man in a suit sat before her. 
It was then that Mary realized she was lying on th 
couch, her clothes scattered all over the floor in 
disarray. She exclaimed in shock, immediately cov her chest, and turning her gaze fiercely toward Ellis 
“You…” 
When she thought about what happened that day, her voice came to an abrupt halt 
It was she who started it… 
A hint of shyness flooded her cheeks, and after the 
0 
initial surprise, a touch of joy emerged in her heart. 
“Miss Davis,” Ellis then smiled and immediately produced a bank card, extending it toward her. “Your fee for last night.” 
Mary was taken aback, her fingers tightening. 
Fee for service… 
What did he take her for? 
The man’s comment on her flashed through her mind, and she cast her gaze downward. She felt as cold as an ice cellar, her voice carrying a trace more chill. “Don’t 
bother.” 
With that statement, the room fell silent for a moment. 
She looked up only to see Ellis appraising her closely, his gaze filled with scrutiny. 
Mary lowered her gaze, then said, “I’m not that kind of person. There’s no need for you to insult me with 
money.” 
“Is that so?” 
Ellis withdrew his bank card, “Then you must have 
0
< 
other desires? Considering your passion last night and how well we fit together, why don’t you speak up? As long as your requests aren’t too excessive, I’ll fulfill 
them.” 
Mary looked at him incredulously. 
She had been following Ellis for many years… 
He wasn’t that type of person, unlike other wealthy heirs. He was never fickle or messy, and his private life was exceptionally clean. 
That’s also why Ellis was the dream lover of so many eligible ladies in Clance. 
But now, could he actually be thinking about her like 
this? 
She clenched her fists tightly, stood up from the couch, and asked with her head lowered, “Could you prepare a set of suitable clothes for me?” 
Ellis pointed to the corner. “It’s already prepared.” 
Mary followed his gaze and, sure enough, there were some clothes. 
She walked over, tried the pieces on one by one, and found that the fit was surprisingly perfect… 
0
< 
Yes, he has always been so meticulous. 
Just like years ago, after rescuing her from those people, he had also carefully given her a few band- aids… 
She hadn’t had the heart to use them even now and 
still kept them. 
Mary gave a bitter smile. 
She finished dressing and turned to look at Ellis. 
Ellis was still staring at her. “Tell me, what do you 
want?” 
Mary lowered her gaze. “Whether you believe it or not, I truly don’t want anything.” 
After saying that, she bent down to pick up her bag, stuffed her own phone into it, then straightened her back and looked at Ellis. “Mr. Ellis, I was presumptuous last night, and if anything, I was the one who took advantage of you.” 
Having said that, she took a stack of cash from her bag and placed it on the table. “This is for last night’s 
services.”
Her words made Ellis’s pupils contract slightly his icv 
0 
< 
gaze piercing Mary. 
Although Mary felt fear, she still turned around and walked briskly out of the room. 
When she opened the door and ran out, only then did she cover her wildly beating heart, feeling that if she stayed any longer in that suite, her heart might leap out through her mouth! 
She took a deep breath and then turned to leave. 
Once she had left, the assistant entered the suite. 
He saw Mr. Ellis with a dark gaze fixed on the stack of cash on the table, and the assistant, not understanding the situation, reported to him. “Mr. Ellis, Miss Keera has indeed run into trouble. It’s said their company didn’t submit the research plan on time and was su by Davis Corporation. The penalty is ten times the amount, as high as twenty million…” 
In the contract between the two parties, it was stipulated that Davis Corporation would pay Keera’s company two million annually for research funding. This penalty was a bit excessive. 
Ellis immediately sneered. “How could the penalty be 
so high?” 
0
< 
The assistant promptly said, “It’s said to be a 
contractual trap…” 
A contractual trap…. 
Thinking of Mary’s words “deliberate retaliation,” Ellis sneered again. 
He had thought that the whole affair could indeed have been an accident, but now it turned out that what Mary had said was true! If it wasn’t for a deliberately set contractual trap, how could Howard have signed it? 
She was really out for retaliation! 
That woman was truly too sinister and ruthless. 
Ellis thought again of how Mary had just shown such pride in front of him. It must have been a ploy to entice capture. 
He slammed his teacup onto the ground in anger. 
He didn’t understand why he was suddenly feeling so irrationally irritable. 
It was just a night he had spent with her… No, it was she who had slept with him, right? Such a woman wasn’t worth being on his mind. 
0
< 
+74 
Ellis sneered as he stood up and straightened his 
clothes. “Let’s go.” 
He walked straight out. 
The assistant instinctively picked up the stack of money on the table. “Mr. Ellis, whose money is this? It must amount to about three thousand, right?” 
Ellis was speechless. 
He turned back sharply, glanced at the money in the assistant’s hand, and after a moment of silence, 
sneered. “It’s yours now.” 
Leaving those words behind, he walked out the door to the parking lot, only to see Howard and Cindy pacing back and forth in front of his car. 
The assistant immediately said, “Mr. Ellis, this Howar has been trying to reach Uncle Olsen, but after we stopped him, he came looking for you…” 
Ellis frowned. “What does he want with me? Let’s go 
and see.” 
He had only ever looked down on such a scoundrel in the past.
But now thinking of Keera as his cousin. he took a 
9:10 
deep breath to suppress his anger and went to meet 
Howard. 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
> 
图 
###Chapter 290
Ellis arrived in front of Howard. 
Howard immediately bent over and lowered his head, with a pleasing smile on his face. “Mr. Ellis, I went to the Olsen family to find Uncle Olsen but couldn’t see anyone, so I came to look for you to try my luck…” 
Ellis looked down at him. “What do you want from 
me?” 
“It’s like this. Last time in Oceanion, Uncle Olsen and I hit it off. Afterward, he even had my wife, Keera, help visit Mrs. Olsen, so my wife and I have a very good relationship with Uncle Olsen, and there’s something I’d like to ask Uncle Olsen about. I wonder if Mr. E 
could deliver a message for me?” 
He sent a message to Uncle Olsen only to find out tha he had been blocked on WhatsApp a long time ago. 
Ellis’s eyes narrowed. “What message?” 
Howard smiled and said, “We’re having a slight issue with our collaboration with Davis Corporation. Could I trouble Uncle Olsen or Mr. Ellis to step in, give them a 
< 
greeting on our behalf, and ask the Davis family to give us some more time? Just give us one more month, no, half a month and I’ll definitely submit the proposal!” 
Ellis lowered his gaze, sneering/”Alright, I’ll deliver 
your message.” 
Having said that, Ellis got into his car. 
Howard and Cindy didn’t dare to stop him anymore, and Ellis’s car sped away. 
After Ellis left, Cindy asked, “Will this work?” 
Howard said, “Last time Keera helped Uncle Olsen a great deal, and afterward, Uncle Olsen said we could ask him if we needed anything. It should be no problem for such a small favor.” 
The two talked and left the place. 
After they were gone, Mary stepped out from the 
corner. 
She had just come down to the parking lot, not yet finding her car, when she saw Howard and Cindy stopping Ellis, so she had secretly hidden on the side to eavesdrop. 
If Ellis really conveyed the message to Uncle Olsen, 
wouldn’t that ruin Keera’s plans?
With this thought, Mary hurriedly took out her phone, found Ellis on WhatsApp, hesitated for a moment, and then directly dialed his number. 
The sky had already darkened. 
At that moment, Ellis was reclining in a chair, his eyes closed, resting. 
His mind was filled entirely with Mary’s delicate skin… endlessly tantalizing! 
But when he thought about her words, “not the first time,” Ellis could not help but scowl. 
It was his first time… 
If that was the case, wasn’t he at a loss?! 
He loosened his tie, feeling a bit irritated. 
Just then, his phone suddenly rang. 
He glanced at it and saw that it was Mary’s WhatsApp. 
As for when he had added Mary on WhatsApp, he had no recollection, but Mary had been mingling in their circles since she was young. 
Rook than Maru ung still the granddaughter of the 
Davis Family’s patriarch and everyone would show her 
some respect.
But after Mary’s grandfather passed away and the first branch took over the Davis Family, as Mary’s branch gradually declined, she started to become more invisible in the circle… 
Thinking of this, Ellis answered the voice call. 
He began, “What’s the matter?” 
Mary’s voice came through, “Did you just say that as long as the requests I make aren’t excessive, you’ll agree to them?” 
A mocking smile instantly appeared on Ellis’s face, “So just now you really were playing hard to get? Miss Davis, there’s really no need for you to play so 
tricks in front of me!” 
Mary was taken aback. 
Ellis said indifferently, “Speak.” 
He thought Mary would ask him to marry her, to take responsibility for her, or take advantage of the 
situation to get some benefits for her branch of the Davis Family or at least to solidify her position within 
11.08 
49 
Davis Corporation. However, to his surprise, he heard Mary speak, 
“Could you not help Howard and Keera?”
Ellis immediately furrowed his brows. 
He let out a cold laugh. “The favor you’re asking of me, 
that’s it?” 
“Yes.” 
“Can’t do it.” 
Right after Ellis said those words, he hung up. 
He was very angry. 
The assistant beside him saw this and couldn’t help saying, “Mr. Ellis, Miss Davis also didn’t know about Miss Keera’s identity…” 
“Even if she is not Uncle Olsen’s daughter, is this the way to treat an ordinary friend?!” Ellis rebuked, then scoffed. “If she really can’t stand someone like Keera, then she should keep her distance. It was Mary herself who-got closer, and the result was just to embarrass Keera?! Is their friendship of over ten years all fake?! If Uncle Olsen found out about Keera’s identity and 
Mary’s behavior, I’m afraid Mary would no longer be 
able to stay in Oceanion!” ” 
After this remark, the assistant was silent for a moment before saying, “Mr. Ellis, are you still not going
to tell Uncle Olsen the truth about the DNA test?” 
The question made Ellis frown. 
The results of the DNA test had been out for a while. 
Uncle Olsen had sounded so confident, and he actually believed Keera was Ellis’s dad’s illegitimate daughter, which caused him to show his dad a cold face at home 
for those two days. 
Later, Ellis even got a good beating from his dad. 
Who would have thought that the results would show, that Keera was Uncle Olsen’s daughter? 
Ellis was stunned at the time. 
He had planned to tell Uncle Olsen immediately, but after hearing the assistant’s report on Keera’s life, Ellis 
hesitated. 
Unele Olsen had always been a proud man. 
For so many years, not a single woman had caught his 
019 
eye, and he had once been asked, “Why not find someone, just to have some company?”
Uncle Olsen’s reply was, “Blood ties aren’t to be compromised with. Better have nothing than have something shoddy.” 
If Uncle Olsen knew that his daughter had been living such a defeated life, being played around by a man from a small place, Uncle Olsen would probably be so angry he’d explode. 
His glorious and majestic life would be ruined by his daughter, Keera! 
Therefore, Ellis hadn’t gone to see Uncle Olsen for a long time and hadn’t reported the matter. 
And Uncle Olsen was out there looking for traces of Mrs. Olsen, so the two of them hadn’t seen each othe 
since that day. 
Ellis sighed. “Let’s not talk about this for now. I’m afraid Uncle Olsen might get so angry it harms him.” 
The assistant asked again. “Then, this matter… do we 
intervene?” 
Ellis tensed his jaw. 
7d 
He actually felt like not intervening, thinking it would be quite good just to let Howard abandon Keera. It might even cure this cousin of her love-sick brain.
Yet he also felt that this was his cousin’s own choice. 
The Olsen family’s tradition had always taught them since childhood to act according to their own hearts, and the family elders never did things just because they felt “It’s good for you.” 
Instead, they only asked, “What do you want?” 
So, if Keera loved Howard so deeply, Ellis’s choice would be to help her pressure Howard, to make him. afraid to ever divorce. After all, the Olsen family could protect her for a lifetime! 
Just as he thought about this, his phone buzzed because of WhatsApp again, and it was still from Ma 
With a decision forming in his heart, Ellis’s tone became a few degrees colder. “Miss Davis, are you doing this just to hit back at your good friend Keera?” 
Mary hurriedly said, “No, I want her to get a divorce.” 
Ellis snorted. “You want her to get a divorce, but does she want it herself? Do you not know that such strong 
SAI 
opinions forced onto another person are actually very annoying?” 
Mary was infuriated by his words. “How do you know 
she doesn’t want to?!” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
8 
> 
###Chapter 291
Ellis was slightly startled when he heard this. “You mean, Keera wants to divorce on her own?” 
Since the topic had come to this point, Mary really feared that Ellis would take action and help Keera’s Company solve the contract issues… 
Mary sighed. “Yes, it’s a plan that Keera and I acted 
out.” 
She briefly explained the prenuptial agreement that Keera had signed and then went straight to the point. “We want to make Howard retreat in the face of 
difficulties, leave without a penny, and give both the company and the custody of the daughter to Keera 
After saying all this, Mary continued. “So, please don step in and help.” 
But Ellis sneered. “Miss Davis, do you think I would believe such a clumsy lie?” 
Ellis had investigated Keera before. She had been love-struck since college and almost fell out with her adoptive parents for Howard. Later, she even fell out 
( 
with her best friend Mary over Howard…
Besides, in recent times, he had been keeping an eye on Keera and knew that she had been tolerant at home for the sake of competing with that mistress, serving Howard’s mother well, to the point where Howard’s mother didn’t want to part with her… 
How could Ellis possibly believe that such a person, whose heart was full of thoughts of Howard, wanted to 
divorce? 
Moreover, Mary’s influence wasn’t sufficient to make Davis Corporation drop the lawsuit, and since the lawsuit had been filed, even if Keera really made Howard leave without a penny, the value of that company and villa sold together wouldn’t be enough cover twenty million. 
So, if it was really a trap set by Keera herself, what was Keera plotting? 
It simply didn’t make any logical sense! 
Mary wanted to explain, but she also understood that her words were hard to believe. 
After all, even she, who knew her friend best, had doubted until now whether Keera had truly let go of 
219 
< 
Howard. 
The last time she was blocked by Keera, she said something. The last message Keera sent Mary was, “Even if Howard really cheats, the fact that he’s been hiding it from me shows that he cares about me.
Mary, I don’t need your warnings; he just made a mistake that any man could make. If you don’t tell me, maybe he’ll return to the family after a while on his own! I don’t need your warnings!” 
Such infatuation was beyond salvation. 
Mary simply didn’t bother explaining further and only said, “Mr. Ellis, you just promised me that as long as my request isn’t excessive, you would agree to it!” 
Ellis’s eyes instantly became icy cold. 
Was Mary determined to punish Keera? 
He took a deep breath and suddenly lowered his gaze, hiding the icy chill within. “Are you sure you want to make this request?” 
“Indeed.” 
“Fine, I agree,” said Ellis indifferently, lifting his head, his eyes filled with a cold intent. “But the favor you just 
11.56 
borrowed from me, you have to return it now.” 
Mary was startled. 
She pursed her lips, knowing what Ellis was referring
1. 
Her uncle agreed to let her off today because he misunderstood that Ellis was interested in her. If Ellis went to clarify it himself… 
Her future days might become even harder. 
But thinking of Keera’s desire for a divorce, for the company and the villa, as well as freedom, she eventually clenched her fist. 
“Okay.” 
Ellis hung up. 
At this moment, Mary still hadn’t realized the consequences of enraging Ellis. 
She just breathed a sigh of relief, then started the car 
and headed home. 
On the way, she even sent a WhatsApp message to Keera. “Keera, I did something big today! I’ll tell you all about it some other day!” 
Thinking back to the passionate encounter with Ellis, a hint of shyness appeared on her face. 
Soon, she arrived home. 
She parked the car and quickly entered the house.
But as soon as she stepped in, her pace came to an abrupt halt. 
Before her, she saw her parents kneeling on the floor of the hall, while her eldest uncle sat in front of them with several bodyguards. 
Mary faltered in her steps. 
She tensed her jaw, her whole body freezing. She took a step forward and called out gently, “Dad, Mom…” 
“Mary…” 
Mary’s mother’s voice was choked with sobs. “What on earth did you do to offend Mr. Ellis? Why would he suddenly call your uncle and claim to have no association with you? Hurry up and explain to your uncle. Was Mr. Ellis joking? Didn’t he go to the private room to find you today?” 
Upon hearing this, Mary’s eldest uncle scoffed coldly and immediately scolded. “Kneel!” 
EXPER 
Mary didn’t kneel. 
But the bodyguards were already approaching, and with a cruel kick to her knees, they forced her legs to buckle, and she fell kneeling to the ground! 
“Ungrateful creature! Mr. Ellis had no interest in you, yet you dared to take advantage of his influence? Do you know that Mr. Lynch also called me just now and gave me an earful?” 
Her eldest uncle came right up to her, grabbing her hair. “Mary, who gave you such audacity? To make such a fool out of us? Huh?”
Mary’s scalp throbbed in pain as she was forced to 
look up. 
Her fists were clenched tight, and she remained s 
Beside her, Mary’s father crawled over on his knees, hugging his eldest brother’s leg. “Brother, Mary is still young, and she doesn’t understand. Please spare her…” 
Mary’s eldest uncle, however, kicked Mary’s father away, “A waste of a father raising a waste of a daughter! Do you still have the nerve to ask me to 
spare her? If I spare her, how could Mr. Lynch spare 
ma21″ 
31.66 
He raised his hand and viciously struck toward Mary’s 
face! 
Mary closed her eyes. 
But the anticipated pain did not come. 
Opening her eyes in confusion, she saw her eldest uncle sneer. “Your face is something I can’t bear to harm, no wonder Mr. Lynch keeps thinking about you. I can’t hit you…” 
He released Mary, and she breathed a huge sigh of
relief. 
But in the next moment… 
“Slap!” 
A firm slap landed on Mary’s father’s face! 
Her eldest uncle furiously beat and kicked Mary’s father. “I blame you for not raising your daughter rig I blame you for not raising your daughter right…” 
But Mary’s father dared not fight back; instead, he covered his head and pleaded for mercy. He already knew what his big brother intended to do and shouted, “Brother, I’m begging you. Take it out on me if you 
must, but spare Mary please. She doesn’t owe 
anything to the Davis family!” 
“Dad!” 
Mary’s eyes widened in shock. She cried out and tried to rush over, but the bodyguards blocked her way! 
She struggled fiercely, trying to break free from their grip, wanting to stop her eldest uncle’s beating and insults toward her father… 
But those bodyguards were professional, robust, and impossible to break away from.
“Uncle, stop hitting him, please stop! If you keep going, it could be fatal! I beg you!” 
Mary cried out with a piercing voice, tears and snot streaming down her face. 
It was only then that her eldest uncle finally stopped. 
He rubbed his wrist and turned to look at Mary. “If you want me to stop hitting him, fine, but from now on, you’d better listen to me obediently…” 
###Chapter 292
Mary clenched her fists tightly.” 
She knew what kind of demand her eldest uncle would 
make next… 
But as she looked at her father with a bruised nose and swollen face, her mother who was being held down by bodyguards, unable to struggle, and her grandmother, who hurried over after hearing the commotion in the living room but fainted from the shock of the scene 
before her… 
She knew none of this was Ellis’s fault. 
If it weren’t for him, she would have already been taken advantage of by Mr. Lynch at the restaurant today… 
Without sufficient ability to protect herself or make any significant achievements in the company to gain the favor of the first branch, and with her father being relentlessly suppressed by her uncle and his people… 
Mary had long anticipated a situation like today’s. 
Yet in her heart, she still harbored some resentment 
toward Ellis. 
At the same time, she blamed herself in secret for how 
useless she was! 
She was unable to protect her parents and unable to save her best friend. 
In the end, she could only obediently become a social butterfly for her elder uncle… 
Mary sat on the ground, feeling an overwhelming sense of helplessness wash over her. 
Her father was trying to get up from the ground. “Mary, don’t agree to him…” 
Mary’s mother looked at him incredulously… 
Mary, seeing this, finally lowered her gaze. “Fine, I’ll b obedient. I’ll listen to everything you say from now on, just let my parents go…” 
Π 
Finally satisfied, her eldest uncle stepped forward, pinching Mary’s chin. “Come tomorrow at six in the evening, and you’ll come with me to the hotel, and sweet-talk Mr. Lynch for me!” 
Leaving these words behind, he left with his bodyguards in tow… 
11.50 – 
279 
< 
News of this soon reached Ellis’s ears. 
At that moment, he was in the Olsen residence’s study, listening to his assistant’s report. Indescribable emotions flashed in his eyes. 
He hadn’t expected Mary’s life to be this difficult. 
The assistant asked cautiously, “Mr. Ellis, since she’s technically your woman, do you want to stop this…” 
“No.” 
Ellis suppressed the reluctance in his heart and sneered. “She dares to scheme against Keera, so she must pay these prices!” 
Upon hearing this, the assistant looked at him. “What about that contract? Should we still help them?” 
“Since I promised her, I won’t interfere anymore, 
Ellis lowered his gaze. “But the twenty million, I’ll have Keera pay it back afterward.” 
The assistant nodded. “That works too. It just might show your cousin what kind of man her husband is. Who knows? After going through this ordeal, she might actually learn something!” 
Ellis, however, smiled. “If she really gets over her 
infatuation, that means there’s hope. In that case, we’ll acknowledge her again as a cousin and let Uncle Olsen properly coach her!”
After finishing this topic, he instructed the assistant. “Keep a close eye on Keera’s situation; after all, she’s my uncle’s daughter and shouldn’t suffer too much 
loss.” 
“Yes, but what about Miss Davis?” 
Ellis fell silent for a moment and eventually said coldly, 
“Leave her be.” 
Yet that night, Ellis dreamt of her. 
He dreamt of Mary’s fair skin, and her plaintive cryin on the sofa, begging him to be faster… Just as he was about to relent and end the encounter swiftly, the scene suddenly shifted. 
Mary was beneath a corpulent man. 
Her expression was licentious as she looked at him sideways. “It’s not my first time, Mr. Ellis. Don’t be so uptight!” 
Ellis jolted awake suddenly. 
49 
< 
He rubbed his forehead, feeling utterly bewildered. 
No matter how much he tossed and turned, he couldn’t fall back asleep.
Barely making it through the night, he got up in the morning and went to the office to handle affairs. After finishing the meetings in the afternoon, as soon as he stepped out of the conference room, his assistant hurried over. “Mr. Ellis, after Howard knew we wouldn’t help, he proposed divorce to Miss Keera! We just received the news; he has printed a divorce agreement and is forcing Miss Keera to sign it.” 
Ellis’s pupils contracted, and he let out a cold laugh, “Let’s go and see. Do they really think that Keera doesn’t have a family to back her up and that she 
be bullied at will?!” 
At this moment, Keira, whom Ellis thought was in di straits, was struggling to suppress a smile as she looked at the divorce agreement. 
The agreement gave her the company and the villa. 
Cindy was mocking her. “Keera, after all these years of marriage with Brother Howard, now he’s giving you the house and the company, and even the kid. Once 
Howard signs, you better sign quickly and painlessly, got it?” 
She finished speaking and looked toward Howard. 
At this moment, Howard stared at the two copies of the divorce agreement, lost in thought, with an expression of reluctance creeping over his face. 
Three years!
It had been three years since he married Keera, and all he had gotten was a little bit of cash. 
In these three years, he gave Keera the first year’s company income as dividends, and for the second and third years, his salary amounted to around two million a year. Out of that, one million went to Keera for household expenses, and with the three million left, h spent a little over one million on Cindy, and some on entertaining, leaving only about a hundred thousand in 
savings… 
That was to say, he only got a little over a hundred thousand in three whole years. 
He really couldn’t bear to let it go! 
But the house and company were originally in Keera’s 
89 
< 
name, and the emergency transfer was out of the question. If he wanted a clean break in the divorce, he had no choice but to leave the company and house to 
her! 
Seeing his reluctance to sign, Keira’s eyes flickered, and then she feigned a look of agony. “Howard, you can’t abandon me… The real estate market in Clance is terrible right now, this villa can sell at most for fifteen million. The company has a debt contract of twenty million, and if we can’t sell it at a good price, I’ll end up with nothing and still be saddled with millions in debt. You can’t do this to me…” 
Howard panicked a little.
Yes, if he didn’t divorce, then both spouses would be burdened with millions in debt! 
Uncle Olsen had already sent people over with the message that they wouldn’t help… 
He pushed Keira away and was about to sign. 
Keira couldn’t immediately show her eager expression; she still had to keep a miserable face. 
Seeing this, Howard’s mother couldn’t help speaking 
1. “Keera if Howard divorces you vou also have to 
< 
look at your own problems! Why are you so 
incompetent? You slept with Mr. Horton and failed to pique his interest at all! If Mr. Horton were willing to 
help, maybe the company could be saved, and you and Howard wouldn’t have come to this!” 
Keira really wanted to curse back. 
Howard had already signed one contract and was about to sign the second, but he hesitated again as if he was having doubts once more. 
The scolding and curses had to be forcefully
swallowed. 
Keira hung her head, continuing to cry. “Howard, for the sake of our three years of marriage, don’t aband me, please. I haven’t worked for so many years, an the debt is in millions. I simply can’t raise Amy on m 
own…” 
Hearing these words, Howard no longer hesitated and swiftly signed on the second document. 
Seeing this, Keira smiled. 
Cindy immediately handed the two contracts to her. “Keera, stop struggling, just sign it! Otherwise, Howard and his mother won’t let you off! This marriage has 
939 
been a torture for you, don’t blame anyone else. If you want to blame anyone, blame yourself for not having enough support from your own family, which is why your husband’s family can easily bully you!” 
Keira took the contract with trembling hands. 
In the eyes of the three people, she was desperate. 
But only heaven knew how hard Keira was trying not to laugh… 
And just then, outside the South family villa, a black luxury car screeched to a stop. 
Ellis strode into the South family villa with his
assistant! 
R 
R 
8 
11.50 
> 
E 
Terrible 
###Chapter 293
Ellis frowned, and as he walked to the living room entrance with his assistant, he just happened to see a woman with her back to him, holding two copies of a divorce agreement in her hands, shaking. 
T 
He immediately furrowed his brows but stopped in his tracks, not entering the room right away. 
The woman’s voice was low, with a sobbing tone, as she said with her head down, “Howard, I don’t want to divorce…” 
Howard accused her impatiently. “Keera, look at yourself now, just staying at home every day. For all these years it was I who managed the company, and you? You just gave birth to a child, living in a daze every day, enjoying luxury with the company’s money for so many years. What contributions have you made to the company? Now, just a little bit of debt, and you don’t want to bear it?” 
was 
The woman’s voice trembled. “When we graduated, it you who said I didn’t need to work! You said that being your wife was enough…” 
During this time, Keira had read through Keera’s diary. 
In her diary, Keera recorded the happy times with
Howard. 
Howard, in college, had also been sweet and 
affectionate with Keera, and before they got married, after graduating from university, Howard was a typical doting boyfriend. 
Recalling the content of Keera’s diary, Keira said with her head down, “You said that going to work was too hard and that you would manage the company for me, that in the future you would earn money to support the family, and I just needed to be beautiful. 
“You said that you and Cindy were just socializing, that it was all an act, that the person you loved the most was actually me… 
“You also said, no matter whether the child I gave birth to was a boy or a girl, you would love them… 
She was speaking these words on behalf of Keera. 
“Enough!” 
Howard clearly didn’t want to listen any longer having 
done so many things yet preventing others from talking about them, and he coldly laughed. “Keera, what’s the point of saying all this? I have a mistress outside, but are you clean yourself? Haven’t you slept with Mr. Horton?!”
Keira suddenly looked incredulously at him. 
How had that night with Lewis come about, wasn’t Howard aware of it? How could he shamelessly say such things? 
Howard’s mother immediately followed up. “That’s right, Keera, you also didn’t behave like a wife should. What right do you have to accuse Howard here? Just sign the paper, otherwise, don’t blame us for not being polite!” 
Ellis was red-hot with rage upon hearing this. 
Just as he was about to enter the room to back up Keera, he heard the woman with a trembling voice start to speak. “Fine, I’ll sign the agreement!” 
Ellis immediately halted. 
Actually, if Keera would just divorce like this, it wouldn’t be so bad. 
379 
293 
waiver of Custody 
After all, it was just a divorce agreement. Having signed it, given the Olsen family’s assertiveness, if Keera regretted it later and didn’t want a divorce, the agreement could completely be destroyed. 
He thought about it and simply stood still, not moving 
an inch.
Inside the room. 
Keira appeared to be coerced, placing the divorce agreement on the table and quickly signing her name. 
Cindy was pleased. 
Howard breathed a sigh of relief. 
Even Howard’s mother said, “Now that you’ve signed, son, go get the divorce certificate with her tomorrow!” 
Howard nodded, then looked regretfully around the villa, wanting to say something, but Keira said, “Howard, I’ve agreed to all the conditions in the 
divorce agreement. Could you agree to one condition 
for me?” 
Howard immediately asked with suspicion, “What is 
it?” 
Keira said weakly. “How much child support will vou 
< 
give Amy every month?”
As soon as these words came out, Howard immediately bristled. “What nonsense are you talking about? The company is in debt, and I’ve resigned. I don’t have a job right now. Where would I get the money to pay you any child support?” 
Howard’s mother also said, “Keera, don’t go too far! How much money has Howard given you over the years? How much has he earned for this family? How can you still want his money after the divorce? You wish! Howard’s future income has nothing to do with your daughter. It’s all for my grandson!” 
Cindy laughed as well, “Keera, legally, a father should pay 20% of his income to his child for living expenses, but Howard has already made it clear that he doesn’t have a proper job yet, and his future income is unstable, so he really can’t give you anything!” 
Yet Howard had already been in touch with another employer and was preparing to start working again. 
After running a business for three years, he had built up his own network. It was easy for him to find a job in the new energy sector with a monthly salary of tens of 
< 
thousands. 
Otherwise, Cindy and Howard wouldn’t have so easily let go of this villa. 
But this was something Cindy wouldn’t tell Keira.
Keira, upon hearing all this, looked up incredulously. She bit her lip, pretending to be aggrieved, “Howard, you’re Amy’s father, and it’s your duty to raise her… Moreover, I’m so deep in debt, and I definitely won’t have the money to raise Amy in the future. If you don’t provide child support, how will the child live?” 
These words made Howard retort impatiently, “I don’t care how you live! If you can’t make it, just take her and go beg on the street!” 
Howard’s mother sneered. “Exactly, Keera, you ha hands and feet. Why can’t you live on your own?” 
Cindy added. “Auntie, I guess Keera hasn’t worked i several years and doesn’t want to go out and find a jo After all, working is so exhausting, and if she could get living expenses for Amy, she could just find a place to 
slack off with Amy, letting Howard raise Amy…” 
“She’s dreaming!” Howard’s mother shouted angrily. 
Keira’s voice took on a sobbing tone. “Howard, you are Amy’s father. If Amy can’t afford to go to school, there will be relevant departments that will hold you accountable! I’m not making an unreasonable request, Howard. You can’t be so heartless toward Amy… As long as you are her father, you have to take responsibility for her!” 
Ellis, who was listening outside, felt a surge of anger.
What on earth was Keera doing?! 
They were already divorced, and she still cared about that bit of child support? Couldn’t she be a bit more independent? 
He took several deep breaths to suppress the anger welling up inside him. 
He even felt that someone as defeatist as Keer deserve his support. 
How could there be such weak people?! 
Inside. 
After Keira said her piece, she saw Howard’s mother jumping up and down in anger. “You’re already divorced, so how could Howard possibly still be her 
father? Besides, with the way you mess around, it’s still uncertain whose child Amy really is! Howard, think of a way to cut ties with them, so she won’t be like a vampire sucking your blood even after the divorce!” 
As soon as these words came out, Cindy immediately said, “Why not sign a waiver of custody?” 
Upon hearing this, Keira narrowed her eyes. 
Her goal was achieved, and it hadn’t been in vain that she had put on such an act here! 
She wanted to completely sever Amy’s relationship with Howard and his family, so that in the future, Howard would have no reason to come looking for her again!
Thinking about this, she immediately shook her head and waved her hands, “No, no…” 
Seeing her reaction, Howard decisively pulled out a piece of paper. “You don’t get to make the decision. I’m signing the waiver now!” 
###Chapter 294
Howard wrote two waivers, indicating that he had no relation with Amy from then on, before turning to Keira. “You, sign this!” 
Before Keira had a chance to act, Howard’s mother stepped forward and grabbed her hand. “When we tell you to sign, you sign. Don’t even think about clinging to Howard. Once you’re divorced, you and that loser better stay far away from us!” 
Keira seemed intimidated. She signed her name mournfully. 
Howard immediately picked up the divorce agreement and the waiver, then excitedly stood up. He exchange a look with Cindy, and the two, along with Howard’s mother, promptly walked out. 
Howard’s mother said, “Are we leaving in such a hurry?” 
Howard said, “Absolutely, to prevent this woman from demanding any more living expenses from us!” 
Howard’s mother felt a bit reluctant. “Once we leave 
here, where will we live?” 
Cindy said with a smile, “Auntie, move to my place first. I have a three-bedroom apartment.” 
“Alright, Cindy, I’ll take care of you in the future. You’re pregnant and shouldn’t be overworked!”
Howard’s mother immediately picked up her suitcase and followed behind the two. 
Just as they reached the door, they encountered the ashen-faced Ellis. 
Howard was terrified. “Mr. Ellis? When, when did you get here?” 
Ellis coldly looked at him. 
Then his gaze shifted to Keira, who had her back t 
them. 
Keira seemed to be weeping with her shoulders trembling slightly, fueling his anger helplessly. 
He said, “Howard, is this how you treat your lawful wife?” 
Howard was stupefied, then swallowed hard. “Mr. Ellis, my divorce from Keera is mutual. We…” 
10.31) 
219 
< 
Since it was all out in the open, there was no point in hiding it anymore. He immediately smoothed things over with a grin. “Everything on the divorce agreement is also what she agreed to…” 
“Agreed to?” 
Ellis strode toward Keira and said bluntly, “I saw with my own eyes that you and your mother were
pressuring her. When did she agree… uh…” 
With that sentence, he also got a clear look at Keira’s 
face. 
Yet it wasn’t the tear-streaked face he had expected. On that makeup-free face, there was not a single trace of tears, and there was even a hint of a smile! 
Her shoulder movements were due to suppressing laughter, not at all because she was crying. 
However, none of these were the point! 
The point was… the person in front of him, wasn’t this damp Keira?! 
He stood there, stunned! 
Keira, afraid that Howard would change his mind about 
the divorce once he saw her annearance. still 
turned her back to Howard but glared at Ellis. 
She was annoyed that this man had almost ruined her plans and feigned grievance as she said, “Mr. Ellis, my divorce from Howard was indeed voluntary. It’s beyond his control how he treats me. Blame me for not seeing through people, being calculated against by a close friend…”
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
Howard, unable to see the change in their expressions but noticing that Keera was willing to cover for him, immediately breathed a sigh of relief and cautiously dragged his suitcase towards the door. “Mr. Ellis, you heard her. She agreed of her own accord. We… we’ll be leaving now!” 
After leaving that statement behind, he feared that Ellis would settle scores with him, so he took his mother and Cindy and immediately ran out, driving away from the place at a breakneck speed. 
Once he had left, Ellis was still in shock. 
He gazed at Keira in astonishment and only after a while did he find his voice again. “Keira? What… what are you doing here?” 
Keira feigned confusion. “I’m sorry, but I am Keera. Keira is Mrs. Horton, right? I attended her funeral…” 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
He stared intently at that face. “No, you’re Keira, what are you playing at? Don’t you know that after you ‘died,’ Lewis Horton nearly tortured himself to death? Since you’re not dead, why aren’t you hurrying home?” 
Keira lowered her head. “I know her. It seems I look very much like her, but really, I am Keera.”
She turned her head, pointing to the picture frame of her and Amy that was hanging on the wall, and then looked at Ellis. “I’ve always lived here. I truly don’t know the person you are talking about…” 
Ellis looked at the picture frame, puzzled. 
The assistant immediately stepped forward from behind. “Mr. Ellis, the Keera we investigated indeed looks like this. I have all her photos from childhood to 
adulthood right here…” 
Ellis immediately looked at the files on the assistant’s phone, going through the photos one by one, and realized that the person in front of him was truly 
Voorn 
579 
But… 
Keera and Keira looked so similar that they could only 
be twins! 
Keera was the daughter of his third uncle… 
Did that mean Keira was also his daughter?! 
Upon further thought…
Ellis was stunned. 
So, the daughter of Mrs. Olsen was the daughter of Uncle Olsen? 
His mind felt a bit chaotic, and he couldn’t sort out these relationships for a moment… 
Keira, fearing he might spout nonsense, lowered her head and pretended to be weak. “Mr. Ellis, why have 
you come?” 
It took a moment for Ellis to react and understand, and then he looked at her with disdain. “Why have I come? Isn’t it to support you? Keera, right? If you and Keira are twins, how come you don’t have her spirit?! Look at the state you’re in!” 
Keira kept her head down, not speaking. 
E 
879 
< 
Ellis, observing her timid appearance, felt a surge of anger welling up inside him. 
He cursed. “This husband you’ve found, just look at him. He only cares about outsiders. And your bestie, she’s schemed against you behind your back. Keera, to live the way you have, that’s really something!” 
Keira was startled.
Only then did she realize that Ellis had investigated 
her. 
And just then, her phone vibrated. She opened it to find a WhatsApp message from Mary. “Keera, have you divorced yet?” 
Keira replied. “Divorced. Where are you? Let’s 
celebrate.” 
Mary said, “I’m busy tonight, let’s do it tomorrow.” 
Keira suddenly had a bad feeling. “What are you doin tonight?” 
Mary, however, didn’t reply again. 
Keira furrowed her brows when she heard Ellis speak. “But don’t worry, I’ll get back at your husband for you. 
As for your bestie Mary. I’ve already taken care of 
779 
that!” 
These words made Keira’s pupils shrink.
She rushed to Ellis and grabbed his arm forcefully. “What have you done to Mary?!” 
Ellis, seeing her anxious demeanor and recalling that Keera wasn’t crying before but laughing… 
Suddenly, the things Mary had said flashed through his 
mind… 
Ellis abruptly realized something and grabbed Keira’s wrist. “You wanted the divorce yourself? Mary was just going along with your plan?! 
“Yes.” 
Ellis’s hand slightly loosened 
Then he abruptly turned to the assistant. “Where is staying tonight?” 
The assistant didn’t react immediately. “Who?” 
“Mary Davis!” 
Meanwhile. 
Mary had already turned off her phone, took a deep breath, and walked to the door of a private room in the hotel. She gently pushed it open and walked in.
As soon as she entered, Mr. Lynch grabbed her hair, and then his disgusting breath was sprayed by her ear. “Tsk tsk, you dare to play me? Tonight, you’ll know what I’m capable of!” 
Having said that, he tugged at Mary’s clothes and dragged her into the bathroom! 
a 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
B 
> 
图 
C 
Terri
###Chapter 295
Mary clutched her hair with both hands, revealing an 
expression of sheer panic when Mr. Lynch dragged her into the bathroom. 
Then Mr. Lynch threw her to the ground and immediately turned on the showerhead above, spraying water directly at her. 
The icy water splashed onto her body, making her tremble. She tried to escape, but the door was guarded by Mr. Lynch, and she couldn’t get out. 
Mary pushed the water out of her hair with her hand and saw Mr. Lynch leering at her breasts. 
Suddenly, she remembered the white clothes her uncle had brought over today, which, if wet… 
Looking down, she indeed saw that the clothes were sticking to her body. 
She was so frightened that she quickly covered her 
chest with her hands, looking at Mr. Lynch with terror, 
“Don’t…” 
However, Mr. Lynch leered as he took two steps 
ata 
(
forward. 
He then reached out, about to pull Mary into his 
embrace… 
Just at that moment… 
The door was kicked open with a bang, and a group of people rushed in. 
Mr. Lynch was stunned for a moment, then his expression changed dramatically, and he turned around to curse. “Who the fuck are you? Do you 
know…” 
But the rest of his words were stuck in his throat when 
he saw who had come. 
It was Ellis Olsen! 
He was dressed in a black suit, and although his face usually carried a playful smile, now it was a bit serious as his dangerous gaze fell on Mr. Lynch. “Where’s Mary?” 
Mr. Lynch gulped, subconsciously glancing toward the bathroom. 
At that moment, Mary was crouching in the corner, the cold shower still running over her. She hugged her 
14107 
shoulders tightly, trying to curl herself into a ball. 
It was partly to avoid the coldness and partly to protect herself… 
She thought she would be ruined here today. 
But unexpectedly, she heard a voice of redemption at the door, and instinctively lifted her head to see Ellis striding in. 
Mary’s eyes reddened slightly. 
At this moment, she felt such a sense of grievance wash over her that she wanted nothing more than to cry her heart out, to vent the repression and rage 
inside her. 
But she also felt bewildered. 
Why had Ellis suddenly come? Did he care abou 
2 
When Ellis entered and saw Mary crouching on t ground, his eyes flashed with coldness! 
She was under him the other day. She was soft and would cry out lightly with just a bit of force, ye she h turned into this! 
10.32
He felt an unnamed rage rising from his chest and quickly stepped forward to turn off the water, then he took off his suit jacket and draped it over Mary. 
After that, he helped Mary to her feet. 
Outside, Ellis’s assistant had just taken control of Mr. Lynch. Upon seeing Ellis assisting Mary out of the bathroom, he couldn’t help swallowing nervously. “Mr. Ellis, what happened between Miss Davis and me tonight was consensual; we were merely engaging in some playful fun…” 
These words made Mary feel anger boiling up inside 
her. 
She had been forced here by her uncle, and as soon as she entered, she was dragged into the bathroom b Mr. Lynch; how could it have been consensual?! 
She took a deep breath, about to say something, w she heard a cold voice next to her ear. “Mary, is wha he’s saying true?” 
Mary was stunned. 
All the words she wanted to hurl at them just got stuck in her throat; she turned in disbelief, looking at Ellis, 
“What?” 
Ellis frowned. “I asked if what happened between you and Mr. Lynch was consensual.” 
Mary fell silent. 
She was suddenly reminded of what Ellis had asked her yesterday, “This isn’t your first time, is it?” 
So in his eyes, she had been nothing but a socialite from the very beginning! 
She trembled slightly, feeling like there was a hole in her heart with cold wind whizzing inside, colder than being under the cold shower! 
She clenched her fists tightly, and a twisted smile formed on her lips. 
She silently pushed him away and took off the suit jacket that bore his warmth. Giving it back to him, whispered, “Don’t get your coat dirty.” 
Ellis was taken aback, frowning in confusion at her. 
Mary’s clothes were soaking wet at the moment, clinging to her body and exposing her graceful figure… 
Ellis didn’t understand why she was taking off the jacket, especially since she had just protected her 
private areas in the bathroom. 
He merely glanced at the men in the room, and the bodyguards who had entered with him immediately lowered their heads, shifting their gazes away, daring not look at her.
After getting everyone’s attention off her, Ellis looked at Mary and sneered. “You can’t possibly be here willingly, can you?” 
Mary’s lowered eyelashes trembled. 
Just as she was about to speak, a harsh voice came from the doorway, “Ellis, what kind of nonsense you asking!” 
Keira strode in. 
When she realized that something might have happened to Mary, Ellis rushed over immediately, she had to make sure Amy was settled before com 
She heard Ellis’s words as soon as she entered the door and felt a surge of anger! 
dre 
After entering the room and seeing Mary’s state, she took off her coat and put it on her, then wrapped an arm around her shoulder, her sharp eyes turning to face Mr. Lynch. 
Mr. Lynch felt a chill down his spine under her stare. 
Keira stepped forward and, before anyone could react, kicked him squarely in the groin! 
“Ah!” 
Mr. Lynch’s agonized scream echoed throughout the hotel room as he curled on the floor, clutching his privates, writhing in pain.
Keira wanted to kick him again, but one kick could be said to be Keera losing her temper, another would not fit Keera’s persona, so she could only withdraw her foot as she coldly looked at Mr. Lynch. 
But the very next moment, Ellis approached and stepped on him, “Damn! Mary wasn’t willing to do this and you were lying to me?! Aren’t you going to tel truth?!” 
Mr. Lynch, feeling as if his injured part was about to explode the next moment, swallowed hard and immediately started talking. “I’ll talk, I’ll talk. It was h uncle who said he controlled her parents and forced her to come here… He also said she was to serve me 
well tonight…” 
ovaa 
Ellis’s oven turned and moro 
10.32 – 
“ho auddenly nut 
force on his foot! 
“Crack.” 
A sound of something breaking could be heard, and Mr. Lynch passed out from the pain this time. 
This act made all the men in the room feel a twinge of sympathetic pain!
After doing this, Ellis turned to look at Mary again and said with a puzzled frown, “I knew it. How could possibly be attracted to such a sleazy man!” 
Mary remained silent. 
She felt her anger rise in waves. 
you 
Staring at Ellis, she said coldly, “My affairs are none of your concern, Mr. Ellis.” 
“None of my concern?” Ellis scoffed. “With just th of you, can you get through this divorce unscathed 
He stepped forward, coming close to Mary, and look down at her. “Just with you and her, you could only come up with such a clumsy plot. Howard has indeed signed the divorce papers, but what comes next? Do I need to mention the two million compensation for 
Davis Corporation?” 
005 Slap in the Face 
He glanced at Mary. “Do you think that with your position in Davis Corporation, you could easily talk Keera out of paying? Or are you planning to pay the two million for her?” 
Mary’s pupils shrank. 
Ellis immediately caught on. “Oh, so you were planning to pay the two million for her! But do you think with Keera’s character, she would take it?” 
Mary was shocked.
Without mentioning it, she could have secretly given the money, and this issue would have been settled, but now that he had spoken aloud, how could Keera possibly allow her to repay the money?! 
This Ellis always knew how to spoil her plans! 
As Mary felt her anger boiling, she saw Ellis smile this matter still requires my intervention. Since yo asking for help, you should show some courtesy… d you think, Mary?” 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
Her chest heaved even more. How could she have eve thought Ellis was a gentleman? 
He was clearly a scoundrel! 
Ellis noticed her anger and continued smiling. “So, do I still need to concern myself with your affairs?” 
H 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
B 
1932 – 
> 
###Chapter 296
Mary’s attitude toward him suddenly became inexplicably strange, which made Ellis very uncomfortable. 
Even though he was willing to help Keera get through this tough time, he couldn’t help but utter such an 
annoying statement, all to make Mary take back her words. “My matters are none of Mr. Ellis’s concern.” 
? 
Ellis could see that Mary’s attitude had softened. 
He remembered how she had once begged him not to help Howard for Keera’s sake, so this time, for the sake of her best friend, she would surely lower her head 
again… 
Just as he thought this, sure enough, he saw Mary begin to speak, “I…” 
At that moment, a cold voice came through. “Our matters are none of your business.” 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
He slightly turned his head and saw Keera, who looked exactly like Keira except for the absence of a mole at 
the corner of her eye.
For some reason, in the instant he looked at her, the coldness in Keera’s eyes made him feel as if he were facing Keira herself! 
Unfortunately, in a moment of panic, Keera’s gaze lost its aggressiveness, becoming ordinary and gentle. She seemed unable to meet his gaze, having already looked away elsewhere. 
A mischievous anger began to rise in Ellis’s heart. 
What was happening today? Things just kept happening! 
For some reason, in front of Mary, he didn’t want his commands to be defied. He scoffed. “You don’t need my help? So, are you planning to sell the villa? Or t company? Oh, your company is currently burdened with so much debt that probably no one would take over. Are you considering selling the villa? But the re estate market is not doing well now, and it would take quite some time before you could sell that villa…” Mary immediately protested “The villa can’t be sold! Keera, as you said before, that’s the only thing your foster parents left you. You can’t sell it!” 
Ellis sneered, “If you don’t sell it, where will you get the money from? Without using my power, are you 
planning to sacrifice your charm again, to please a few 
men, to win over your uncle’s favor so that he will speak for you?” 
Mary was shocked. 
She really wanted to sew Ellis’s mouth shut! 
Even if she spent all her savings to help Keera out, she wouldn’t ask this man for a single thing again!
With that in mind, Mary grabbed Keera’s hand. “Mr. Ellis, are you so idle that you love meddling in our business? I really thank you for rescuing us from Lynch, but we don’t need to trouble you with other 
matters!” 
Leaving that statement behind, she led Keera out t 
door! 
Ellis was perplexed. 
Watching the two women walking out the door, he wa at a loss as to what had just happened! 
He turned to look at his assistant and couldn’t help asking, “I came here with good intentions to save her. 
Shouldn’t she be grateful to me? How could she talk to 
me like this?!” 
The assistant remained silent. 
“She didn’t have this attitude toward me when she was drugged yesterday. Me, being as handsome as I am, and after sleeping with her, how could she not like 
me?” 
Moreover, that was his first time!
The assistant didn’t know what to say. 
Ellis, rubbing his chin, continued. “There must be an issue here! Could it be that she doesn’t like men?” 
Then, thinking again of how close Keera and Mary were when they left… 
Ellis immediately shook his head. He must not 
overthink! 
However, Mary and Keera could just be stubborn! Th lawsuit was scheduled for the day after tomorrow, so they didn’t drop the case by tomorrow, they would really end up losing money! 
Thinking of this, Ellis instructed his assistant. “Help me arrange a visit to Davis Corporation tomorrow to see 
Uncle Davis.” 
The “uncle” he referred to was, of course, the head of 
Davis Corporation. 
Ellis was to be the next head of the Olsen family, and since Uncle Olsen no longer dealt with the affairs, Ellis managed the company. When he visited the Davis family, it was only natural that the head of the Davis family would receive him. 
After Keira was dragged out of the hotel by Mary, Mary sneezed.
Keira immediately booked another room, went downstairs to buy cold medicine for her, and helped her to take a hot shower. Mary then curled up und the blankets. 
Once her temperature had returned to normal, Keir said, “Mary, how could you make such a sacrifice for me?” 
Mary waved her hand dismissively. “Don’t get sentimental. It’s not all for you! My parents were locked up by Uncle Davis, and there’s my 
grandmother… Uncle Davis said that 
Ong as I 
helped him, he would let my grandparents be buried together, which is my grandmother’s only wish.” 
Keira understood. 
She hadn’t really known that Mary’s situation was so 
dire… 
Wasn’t Mary in a similar position to Jake in the Horton family? 
a 
After Lewis became the family head, the first branch of the family should actually have split off. Jake, being descendant of the first branch, wouldn’t be part of the main Horton family lineage in the next generation.
But if it hadn’t been for his later misdeeds, Jake would still have had a significant say in the Horton Grop at least in contracts worth millions. He would have 
able to call the shots… 
So naturally, she assumed that Mary also had a sa Davis Corporation. 
She gave some cold medicine to Mary. “Take this to prevent catching a cold.” 
When she turned back, she saw Mary looking at her with a guilty expression. “Keera, I was impulsive toda 
I shouldn’t have offended Mr. Ellis just because of my pride. Howard told me that you had helped Uncle Olsen before. If you and Howard get divorced, now is the time to ask Ellis for help. He would intervene.” 
After all, she had paid a high price last time to keep Ellis from getting involved. 
Upon hearing this, Keira handed her the cold medicine. “I know what to do. Don’t overthink it.” 
But Mary thought she was just comforting her. “Keera, Mr. Ellis probably hasn’t gone far. Why don’t we go find him right now? When faced with important issues, how can we still be angry with hi?! I was so foolish!” 
Her pride had prevented her from asking Ellis for help at the moment. 
But now, she regretted it!
Twenty million! 
Keera’s personality was such that she didn’t like to anyone anything, so she wouldn’t use Mary’s money.. Surely Mary couldn’t really let Keera and Amy live without a place of their own 
10.32 
However, Keira said. “I wasn’t speaking out of anger just now.” 
Mary was startled, “What?” 
Keira took her hand. “Tomorrow, I’ll go with you to Davis Corporation.” 
Mary clenched her jaw, “Do you want to ask them to extend the time? Keera, Davis Corporation has strict rules and regulations. Once a lawsuit has been filed, it’s not that easy to retract it without a good reason…” “I won’t,” Keira said firmly. “I’ll ask for a partnership.” 
When Ellis returned home, he found the light on in Uncle Olsen’s study. 
He paused for a moment before heading there. 
Keera had come to her senses and was starting to for her divorce; that meant the woman wasn’t bey hope. If so, then it was time to tell Uncle Olsen and let the father and daughter meet! 
###Chapter 297
Ellis walked into the study, pushed the door open, and called out, “Uncle…” 
Instead, he was met with Uncle Olsen’s assistant’s “shushing” noise. 
Ellis was slightly taken aback, following the assistant’s line of sight, he then saw Uncle Olsen lying on the sofa, asleep. 
It had been a month since they’d last met, and Uncle Olsen had lost weight. His cheeks were sunken, and his closed eyes betrayed an intense fatigue. 
His chin was covered in stubble, and his face was dirt -apparently, there had been no time to clean up… 
Ellis asked in a low voice, “Why is he so tired?” 
The assistant gestured for them to step out, and afte leaving the study and carefully closing the door, he sighed. “Uncle Olsen hasn’t closed his eyes for three days. Someone thought they’d seen Lady South in Histora, and Uncle Olsen rushed over there overnight. He practically turned Histora upside down but found 
no trace of Lady South… He’d just entered the study when he passed out asleep…” 
Taylor was dead; even if he were alive, Jodie South certainly wouldn’t remarry him.
So, Uncle Olsen’s reference to Jodie South had changed to “Miss South”, but others felt this title wasn’t quite appropriate, thus now they referred to Jodie 
South as “Lady South”. 
Upon hearing this, Ellis frowned. “Uncle Olsen really doesn’t care about his health! For the sake of a woman, 
is it worth it?” 
Having served Uncle Olsen for over twenty years, the assistant sighed at this question. “You don’t understand; for Lady South, Uncle Olsen could inconceivable things… He has remained unmarr these years just because of her!” 
Ellis tightened his jaw. “Does he love her that muc 
“Yes! After Lady South and Taylor left that year, Un Olsen didn’t leave the house for five whole days. Ow the years, Oceanion seems to have become a 
forbidden territory for him. He actually longs to see Lady South, but they have an agreement: not to mee 
297 
Partnership 
in life or death. Uncle Olsen has restrained himself for twenty-two years! Given the circumstances, his love for her probably surpasses his own life!”
At this point, the assistant sighed again. “Actually, I’m quite glad Lady South didn’t end up with Uncle Olsen…” 
Ellis immediately asked, “Why do you say that? Wouldn’t it be better if they were together?” 
The assistant sighed. “Behind Lady South, there’s clearly a much more powerful force at play. We’ve been searching for so long. It’s apparent. The Olsen family is no match for them. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be this clueless… If Uncle Olsen and Lady South had gotten together back then, Uncle Olsen would’y undoubtedly risked his life for her when she wa danger…” 
Ellis paused, reflecting for a moment before aski “Can love really drive someone insane?” 
He shook his head and left Uncle Olsen’s study; the matter of Keera being his daughter could wait until tomorrow! 
However, what Ellis didn’t expect was that the next 
. 
morning, when he hurried to Uncle Olsen’s study, he again found no one there. The butler informed him that a call came in the morning: someone had spotted Lady South in Ox City, and Uncle Olsen had rushed over there. 
Ellis was speechless. 
Who were the people who abducted Lady South, and why was there still no news until now? 
He took out his phone, and hesitated for a while, considering whether to call Uncle Olsen to tell him about Keera…
But then he thought better of it and set the phone down. 
He would discuss it once Keera’s divorce is finaliz Otherwise, Uncle Olsen would have to split his fo worrying about Lady South on one hand and bein mindful of Keera on the other… 
Just then, Ellis’s assistant arrived. “Mr. Ellis, we’ve received news that Miss Keera and Miss Mary have gone to Davis Corporation!” 
Hearing this, Ellis immediately furrowed his brows. “Are they planning to beg somebody for heln?” 
He turned around and strode out. 
He took a few steps before realizing he was overly anxious, making it seem as though he cared too much about them… 
He promptly coughed and tried to cover it up. 
“We 
should also go see their excitement… Let that woman see clearly how insignificant she is without me!” 
The assistant beside him was speechless. 
“Mr. Ellis, you’re clearly worried they might get bullied! You speak so harshly. No wonder Miss Davis doesn’t like you!” 
Davis Corporation.. 
Keira arrived at the company early in the morning
Mary. 
Mary took her to the New Energy Development Investment Project Department to meet the director of the department. 
Mary pointed to Keira and introduced her. “This is Keera, the legal representative of Keera South Technology Co. Ltd. and today she’s here to…” 
( 
Before she could finish, the door was pushed open, and 
Wayne, Mary’s uncle, strode in. 
Upon seeing him, the department director quickly stood up. “Mr. Davis, what brings you here?” 
Wayne’s gaze swept over Mary. 
He was still unaware of last night’s events, but when he tried calling Mr. Lynch that morning, he found the phone switched off and uncontactable. 
After making inquiries with the hotel staff, he 
discovered that Mary hadn’t been with Mr. Lynch at all last night! 
This niece was really acting against orders in secret! 
Today, she must see for herself the consequence disobedience!
Wayne sneered. “I’m here, of course, to see how dear niece plans to mix personal gains with public duties!” 
He glared angrily at Mary, “You independently signed an investment agreement with Keera Technology Co. Ltd., and now that the time has come, they haven’t delivered any results. I seriously suspect that you’ve 
colluded with outsiders to siphon off the company’s money! Mary, do you admit to this?” 
Mary immediately said, “I didn’t do such a thing. Keera Technology is a capable company, and it was only after their new energy project department proved satisfactory that I invested. When I made the investment, I conducted a background check and followed all of our company’s procedures!” 
Wayne scoffed. “According to procedure? If that were true, how could they have failed to produce results? To my knowledge, after receiving the investment, their research staff resigned immediately and left. How do you explain that?” 
Mary quickly replied, “That’s a coincidence! It’s precisely because of this reason that Keera Te couldn’t submit the results on time, but they h come up with a plan now. Today, they are here discuss continued cooperation!” 
Wayne sneered again. “A plan just today? Too late is late if it’s behind the schedule outlined in the contract! Davis Corporation is not your private company, and we refuse to engage in favoritism!” 
gy 
He looked directly at the department director. “This matter must be strictly addressed according to the contract!” 
The department director, wiping sweat from his forehead, nodded. “Understood.” 
Wayne then turned to Mary, “And you, having made such a decision, you must bear the full responsibility. You’re fired from the company! Moreover, if we fail to recover the penalty fee, I’ll pursue your legal responsibility!” 
Mary was fuming with anger, her chest heaving. 
Keira said indifferently, “Are you sure you want to enforce the terms of the contract strictly? I remember there’s a clause that if we breach the contract, Corporation would never collaborate with us ag that right?” 
Wayne scoffed. “Of course, Davis Corporation isn foolish! Why would we work with a small, unreliab company like yours again? You’d better think about how to repay the twenty million first. I heard your husband has divorced you.” 
“My personal matters are none of your concern.” 
Keira looked toward the department director. “Actually, I came here today to discuss another partnership. Since you wish to adhere strictly to the contract, then this hydrogen fuel research and development project in my hands cannot be done in partnership with Davis Corporation, what a pity…” 
The department director sneered. “Hydrogen fuel? Currently, the most advanced technology on the market has been developed by Dr. South. Your company can’t even progress with a simple R&D project, yet you’re working on hydrogen fuel? Who cares for your partnership!”
Keira handed the project proposal to him, “Are you sure you’re not interested?!” 
“Positive.” 
The department director scoffed. 
Keira quirked an eyebrow. “Not even a glance?” 
The department director glanced disdainfully but withdrew his gaze, only to pause the next moment. 
What had he just seen?!
###Chapter 298
The head of the project department was bewildered. 
It was actually the latest research plan for Hydrogen Fuel! 
He immediately snatched the project book from Keira’s hands and began to read. 
The project book didn’t detail the specific content of the research, but the topic was hot, something all companies wanted to engage in but were blocked by technological and capability barriers. 
He flipped through a few more pages, then became excited. “You’ve already developed results?” 
Keira nodded. “Indeed.” 
The project department head was instantly thrille and he eagerly grabbed Wayne’s arm, whispering, Davis, our company must not sever ties with Keera Technology! You have no idea how rare this project i Right now, many are desperate to break through this technology…” 
Before he could finish, Wayne frowned and 
interrupted coldly, “Brian, are you 
also been bought by these two?” 
confused? Have you 
Director Brian immediately waved his hands. “How could that be, Mr. Davis, don’t say that!”
“Then why are you speaking on their behalf? A breach is a breach! Davis Corporation has always been fair and just, and we won’t bend the law for personal gain! They must compensate the twenty million!” 
Director Brian panicked. “Mr. Davis, you don’t understand. The value of this plan in my hands far exceeds twenty million! Currently, no one on the market has solved this problem! If other companies found out, they would surely rush to pay the twenty million for her!” 
Wayne didn’t believe it, thinking he was making a mountain out of a molehill. “Keera Technology is ju small company. Where did they get such an excelle plan? If they had the capability to develop it, then w surely have it too! At worst, we’ll spend twenty millic to poach their entire research department!” 
Today, Wayne had made up his mind to teach Mary a 
lesson. 
There was no other choice. 
This niece of his was extremely pretty; if she could obediently assist him in socializing in the future, there wouldn’t be a man in Clance who could resist her 
charm! 
Director Brian was anxious. “Mr. Davis, this plan might not have been developed by their research 
department. Their core team has resigned, and they haven’t even hired new people yet… The only one who can solve this bottleneck is Dr. South, currently available on the market.” 
Wayne scoffed. “Don’t exaggerate here. How can it only be Dr. South? Didn’t Keera come up with it? Brian, in this matter today, we absolutely must not show favoritism. She must be treated severely!”
“But…” 
“There’s nothing to discuss!” 
Wayne banged the gavel, then looked at Mary, his li curving into a smile that smacked of victory. “Mary, this is just a lesson for you. If you disobey, your best friend could be completely ruined. And if there is a next time, it could be your father, mother, or even 
your grandmother who gets hurt!” 
Mary clenched her fists. “You…” 
Wayne turned to Director Brian. “What are you dawdling for? Call security and have these two thrown 
out!” 
Director Brian reluctantly looked at the plan in his hands. He wanted to speak, but Wayne immediately glared at him. “What are you looking at? If you don’t obey, do you believe I can also kick you out?!” 
Director Brian believed it. 
Wayne was now the person in charge of the second branch of the family, and to show that the first branch didn’t resent the second branch entirely, the cop ny had given Wayne a high position. 
Therefore, Wayne had a lot of say in the compan 
He furrowed his brows tightly, but finally couldn’t saying, “Shouldn’t we consult Director Davis about 
this?”
Ken Davis, the chairman and the person in charge of Davis Corporation, was from the first branch of the family and Wayne’s elder brother. 
Wayne sneered. “Brian, it seems you really don’t know your place, do you? Does such a small matter need to bother my brother? I’m beginning to seriously doubt that you’re in league with them. Since you’re so ungrateful, submit your resignation immediately!” 
Director Brian’s expression turned bitter. 
He tried to explain. “Mr. Davis, I…” 
“What about you? Don’t try to pressure me with my brother! You think I’m scared of him?!” 
Wayne picked up the phone and dialed HR. “HR? Process Mary and Brian’s resignation immediately. Also, notify the legal department to expedite the lawsuit against Keera Technology with the court!” Hearing this, Director Brian’s face turned pale. 
Mary immediately stepped forward. “Uncle, you…” “Is this a place for you to speak?! Mary, you should know that whether it’s in the company or at home, t more power you have, the more say you get! Withou capability, all you can do is obey!” 
Wayne approached Mary and pinched her chin. “And another thing… women must understand their worth. 
Do you think that by entering the research department you can become a scientist? I advise you to obediently go home and be your decorative vase!”
Mary tried to break free from his grip, but her chin was pinched painfully, and she glared hatefully at Wayne. 
Keira immediately stepped forward. “Let go!” 
She pushed Wayne away, freeing Mary from his grasp, then looked at her chin. “Mary, are you alright?” 
Before, Keira thought Mary was carefree every day and believed she was just a simple-minded young lady. She had no idea her family situation was so complicated! 
She brought an even better solution to discuss a partnership, all the while aiming to get Davis Corporation to drop the lawsuit. Yet, she hadn’t accomplished her goal! 
She scoffed and took Mary by the arm, facing Way “Are you sure you don’t want the plan, then? If that the case, I’ll seek other companies to partner with, you’ll regret it!” 
Wayne sneered again. “A worthless plan and you still 
want to talk about a partnership with other companies?! A project worth billions-think I’ll regret it! What kind of grand claims are you making here!” Keira looked down. “Alright, Mary, let’s go.” 
She could take the plan to other corporations and demand a price in the hundreds of millions; it would be doable because conquering this challenge would lead to many collaborative opportunities! 
It would place the corporation’s new energy ventures far ahead of other corporations! 
The benefits it would bring in the future couldn’t even be measured in billions. 
Anyone who knew a bit about technology would understand this very clearly.
That was why Director Brian kept pleading with Wayne, but to no avail, Wayne even fired him! 
Director Brian didn’t pack up his things but followed the two women out. 
Meanwhile. 
Ellis’s car had already arrived at the corporation’s building. 
Ken was a middle-aged man around fifty, belonging to one of the five major families. With a refined and scholarly air, he personally came down to welcome Ellis into the building after he got out of the car. 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
B 
图
###Chapter 299
Ken asked, “Ellis, what brings you here today?” 
Ellis replied with a smile, not saying much, but asked, “I’m just here for a casual visit, Uncle Davis. May I go to your New Energy Research and Development 
Department?” 
Upon hearing this, Ken immediately thought of something, “Are you here to find Mary?” 
Ken certainly had an impression of this niece from another branch of their family. 
She wasn’t only strikingly beautiful, but her abilities were also outstanding. She was the only one among the younger generation of the second branch to be employed by Davis Corporation. 
He remembered that Davis Corporation had wanted arrange a marriage with the Olsen family and introduced Ellis to several young women from their family, including Mary from the second branch. 
However, someone from the second branch later came and said it hadn’t worked out. 
< 
Ken didn’t take it to heart. His own daughter and Ellis hadn’t taken a liking to each other. When it came to marriage, it was all about fate; there was no need to 
rush. 
Ellis coughed lightly. “Right, I have something to discuss with her.” 
“Okay, I’ll take you there.”
“Thank you, Uncle Davis!” 
The two talked as they made their way to the elevator. 
The elevator opened. 
Ellis and Ken entered the CEO’s private elevator and went directly to the R&D Department, but they didn’t see Keira or Mary. 
Ellis looked around, while Ken asked an employee, “Where’s Mary? Ellis is here to see her!” 
“She was just fired by Mr. Wayne Davis! They said she embezzled for personal gain, investing the company’s project funds into her best friend’s company and now can’t produce any results…” 
Ken was stunned. “Fired? Where’s Brian? Get him over here. I want to know what’s going on.” 
< 
The employee’s face instantly showed a conflicted 
expression, “Uh, Brian was also fired. Mr. Wayne said it was because he was in cahoots with Mary.” 
Ken was perplexed. 
He awkwardly turned to Ellis, still somewhat bemused, 
“It’s…” 
Ellis frowned, not expecting to have arrived too late! 
See, without him, things just weren’t right; now she had gotten fired!
Ken pulled out his phone and called Mary. “Mary, where are you? If there’s an issue, come up and 
explain…the underground parking garage? Then you should come…” 
Before he could finish his sentence, Ellis had alread turned and started walking downstairs. 
Ken had intended to ask Mary to come upstairs, but stopped and changed his approach. “Don’t go. We’ll come to you!” 
“We?” 
Mary looked at her disconnected phone, slightly startled, then nervously turned to Keira. “Keera. mv 
uncle said he’s coming to find me!” 
Keira nodded, “Okay.” 
After saying that, she realized that Mary looked a little flustered. She immediately understood. “Are you really scared of him?” 
“Of course! Who wouldn’t be afraid of him?” 
Mary swallowed nervously. “That’s the family head of the Davis family. When my grandfather was in charge, we used to live together, and Uncle Ken was very imposing. We younger ones were all scared of him. After my grandfather passed away, and we split up, Uncle Ken became even more imposing. We usually didn’t dare to say much around him…” 
As the two were talking, they heard a voice. “Mary! 
Miss South!”
They turned around to see Brian running toward th 
Mary apologized to Director Brian with great remors “Director Brian, I’m sorry, it’s all my fault for dragging you into this…” 
Director Brian usually took good care of her, yet upon 
< 
hearing this, he showed an excited expression. “Sorry for what? I should be thanking you!” 
Mary was confused. 
The position of Chief of Research and Development Department of Davis Corporation was a high one, a position Director Brian had worked for twenty years to attain. Now that he was dismissed, was he confused?! 
Director Brian then turned to Keira. “Miss South, um… may I ask, now that I’ve been dismissed, can I join your company?!” 
Keira didn’t even think about it. “Of course you can!” 
Director Brian spoke up for them just now, and besides, the company was indeed short on a management person; he would be a perfect fit. 
Director Brian immediately became excited, “Reall 
“Yup.”
Mary said, “Director Brian, are you sure? Keera’s company is quite small… they won’t be able to offer a high salary… and at the moment, they still owe a substantial debt to Davis Corporation…” 
299 
Chapter 298 
Keira had mentioned a new plan to Mary last night, but since Mary’s expertise was in investment rather than in research, she didn’t quite grasp the importance of Keira’s project. 
Director Brian immediately said, “The salary isn’t important. What’s important is that we have Miss South’s project in hand, which guarantees our company a top position in the future new energy industry! As for that bit of debt… Miss South, don’t worry, I’ve just called the Research and Development Department of the Olsen family, and their Investment Manager is personally rushing over here right now. They’ll be able to cover those twenty million for you in minutes!” 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
She couldn’t shake the feeling that Director Briar might be exaggerating a little. 
As the three were chatting, Wayne came downstai well, and upon spotting them, he immediately came over with a mocking smile. “What’s the matter? Can bear to leave? Brian, I can overlook your earlier oversight, as long as you admit your mistake. I’ll let y come back to work!” 
Director Brian paused, then twisted his mouth awkwardly, “Mr. Davis, that… won’t be necessary. I’ve found a new position.” 
Wayne frowned, “That was quick? I suppose you’ve wanted to leave for a while now, haven’t you?!”
After saying this, he turned to Mary. “Do you realize your mistake? If you admit your fault by kneeling down and ápologizing to me, I might be in a good mood and speak to the company to give your friend’s company a bit more time!” 
Mary took a deep breath. “Uncle, don’t bother!” 
She dared not say anything too harsh, for her parents and grandmother still depended on him to make a 
living. 
Her parents and grandmother had been living in lu in the Davis residence and refused to move out. The had to obey Wayne Davis. 
That was why Mary had been so driven to succeed, al for the sake of establishing a foothold in Davis 
Corporation! 
Ever since she started working at Davis Corporation, 
Unala Von had actually started tranting their family a 
< 
ogg Chapter 298 
lot better… 
But now… she had offended Wayne, and life was probably going to be difficult from here on.
Upon seeing her intransigence, Wayne was about to explode with anger. “Mary, don’t push your luck! Do you believe that I can disown your grandmother and your father from the family right now, and have your whole family evicted?!” 
Mary’s pupils contracted sharply. 
Her grandmother had always wanted to be buried together with her grandfather; it was the only hope in her life! 
Now in her old age, she was just waiting for that d If she were to be disowned… her grandmother probably wouldn’t be able to withstand the shock parents wouldn’t be able to accept it either! 
Clenching her fists in anger and with tears rimming her eyes, she glared at Wayne, “You…” 
Just then, “Ding!” 
The elevator bell rang. 
Ellis and Ken strode out of the elevator… 
Leave the first comment for this chanter 
图 
###Chapter 300
Keira and the others stood near the elevator, and thus, as soon as Ellis and Ken stepped out, they saw the group up ahead and quickened their pace. 
Keira’s group also noticed them. Wayne immediately ceased his prior threats and, smiling, looked at Ken. “Ken, what a coincidence! Are you and Mr. Ellis… going 
out?” 
Ken, however, didn’t answer the question. His gaze swept over the group, clearly noticing the aggression on Wayne’s face and the grievance in Mary’s eDaviss. 
He didn’t respond to Wayne’s words but immediately furrowed his brows and asked, “What’s going on here?” 
Fearing that Mary would tattle, Wayne quickly said, “It’s nothing serious. It’s just that Mary is young and disobedient. She’s been lining her pockets, using her position for personal gain, and giving the company’s project to her friend. Now that the contract’s deadline has passed, Keera hasn’t handed over the goods, and the company has sued her. She came to the company today spouting nonsense, thinking about deceiving us 
< 
alongside Director Brian!” 
Brian spoke up right away. “I didn’t, Director Davis, here’s the thing…” 
“You want to spew more nonsense here and disrupt my Ken?” Wayne interrupted him, scoffed, and then looked towards Ken. “Ken, you can’t believe what he says. He just told me that Keera’s company released a project worth several billion. Isn’t that ridiculous?” 
Upon hearing this, Ken also slightly furrowed his 
brows. 
As the chairman of Davis Corporation, he didn’t involve himself with every detail and certainly didn’t 
understand the technical aspects, but he also thought that a research finding worth several billion was far-fetched, after all… 
Ellis burst into laughter and said what Ken was thinking. “A research and development project worth several billion? If there were such projects, you could apply for a patent, even win an award, right? So far, very few achievements in the new energy industry can reach that mark. Keera, if your company had such a talent, you would have taken off already. Would you 
< 
still need to argue here over an investment of a few million to pay a 20 million breach of contract fee?” 
Was that the solution Keera and Mary came up with?
Create a new project and brazenly claim it’s worth several billion… They should thank their lucky stars for coming up with such an idea! 
Women, long on hair and short on insight. If he hadn’t come today, how would those two manage to wrap this up? 
Wayne immediately chimed in. “Exactly, it’s laughable, spouting such lies. And to think that Director Brian was biased towards them, insisting it was the truth… Ken, it’s my fault for not managing Mary properly, causing such a big joke! But rest assured, I’ve already dismissed both Director Brian and Mary. As for Keera’s company, we must hold them accountable; we won’t withdraw the lawsuit!” 
Ken frowned and before he could speak, Ellis took the opportunity. “That serious? No wonder it scared the two young ladies into thinking of such a plan!” 
He looked straight at Ken and said slowly, “Mr. Davis, isn’t your company management a bit too strict? And 
378 
< 
aren’t you a bit unkind to your partners? It’s just a few days late on a submission! I heard because of this, they were driven to the brink of losing their home and breaking up the family?” 
Ken’s brows knitted together in concern. “What’s 
going on? Who got driven to ruin? How much did you
invest in them?” 
Mary hurriedly said, “2.3 million! But the penalty is 20 
million.” 
“That much?” Ken looked at Wayne, “That’s not normal, what’s going on?” 
Wayne simply coughed and said, “This is the contract that Mary signed. I’m just executing it as stated!” 
Mary immediately cut in. “Uncle Ken, there was a mistake in the contract at the time. The penalty is usually at most double, rarely ten times. Because of 
this, Keera’s husband divorced her. Even if she sold her 
house, she couldn’t afford to pay… and now the project has been resolved, it’s just a five-day delay…” 
Of course, Keira wouldn’t make things difficult for Mary as she had also completed the previous project. 
Ken furrowed his brows. “Is it a large impact on us?” 
< 
Mary immediately replied, “No impact whatsoever.” 
Ken was resolute and immediately said, “Then there’s no need to pursue it. Withdraw the lawsuit!” 
Wayne was about to say something when Ken turned to him, “Doing business is doing business, but we are one of Clance’s five major families, so we must have our own magnanimity. For a project of a couple hundred thousand, driving someone to ruin is too
much!” 
Wayne couldn’t speak after being reprimanded. 
Ken looked again at Mary. “You can come back to 
work.” 
“Ken!” 
Wayne was dissatisfied. “We can let Keera’s comp slide as you said, but Mary’s behavior is unaccepta If everyone invests based on relationships and continues asking for extensions out of sentiment, ho will our company function in the future?!” 
Ken then said, “Mary is among the youngest generation with the most drive. Moreover, she’s a 
Davis by name. She should have certain privileges in 
our company!” 
That settled the matter. 
Mary’s heart leaped with joy. 
By remaining employed with Davis Corporation, her parents would be proud of her, and Wayne couldn’t treat her too unfairly from now on… 
But having offended Wayne, her future days in Davis Corporation wouldn’t be easy. 
As she was reflecting on this, Ken turned to Brian. “Brian, you…”
Wayne interrupted him. “Ken, Mary is young and na?ve. She did it for her best friend, but Brian crossed the line, right? Not only did he not point out the young ones’ mistakes, but he actually tried to cover for them and hoped to bluff his way through. Talking about billion-dollar projects… I really don’t know what benefits Keera’s company has given you to make you spout such nonsense!” 
Brian’s brow furrowed deeply. 
Wayne said angrily, “Brian, with what you’ve done, the company could sue you! We can even accuse you of fraud!” 
< 
Brian felt like a scholar against soldiers, bereft of 
reason. 
Dealing with a management that doesn’t understand technology is utterly pointless! 
At that moment, a sports car screeched to a halt down. below their company building, and immediately, a person dashed over briskly. “Brian, Brian, what you said on the phone earlier, is it true? That project proposal, the Olsen Group wants it! Show it to me. If there’s no problem, I’ve brought the contract!” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
8 
> 
图 
Terrible
###Chapter 301
Seeing this person, Ellis was stunned, “Director Porter? What brings you here?” 
He was none other than the head of the New Energy Development Department at Olsen Group! 
Director Porter seemed to have just noticed him, stared in surprise for a moment, and then exclaimed, “Mr. Ellis, are you here also to compete for this project? That’s fantastic!” 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
Brian scoffed. “Mr. Ellis looks down on our project, saying we’re deceiving people.” 
Director Porter immediately became anxious. “Brian, is the project research outcome you just told me about on the phone fake?” 
Brian said, “How could that be possible!” 
“Then how could it be a deception?” 
Director Porter was puzzled. 
Brian handed over the project proposal to him. 
0 
“Because Mr. Ellis said, there’s no project worth several hundred million!”
Director Porter was shocked. 
He instantly opened the project proposal and after a few glances, he immediately looked toward Ellis. “Quick, Mr. Ellis, sign the contract!” 
This was Davis Corporation’s territory – what if they didn’t secure the contract, and it got snatched away?! 
Ellis was utterly confused. 
Staring at the contract, he was flabbergasted! 
Even Ken’s expression changed as he looked towards Brian. 
Brian immediately explained, “Director Davis, do you think I would deceive you? Porter and I have always been in competition; surely Porter wouldn’t be deceiving you either, right? But Mr. Wayne just said that they would no longer cooperate with Keera Technology in the future, so for this project, we can only collaborate with Olsen Group now!” 
After saying this, he felt incredibly satisfied, releasing a long-held resentment with relief. 
0 
To be honest, working in such a large corporation, 
with so many relatives in the company weighing down on him, he had long felt frustrated. 
Now, seeing the expressions on Wayne and Ken’s faces, he felt indescribably thrilled!
Ken furrowed his brows. 
Ellis then voiced what he was feeling inside. “Is this project really that important?” 
Director Porter immediately said, “Mr. Ellis, let me put it this way. Everyone is working on new energy. In the future, who makes money will depend on whose technology is in the leading position. I can say that, among the things currently circulating in the market, this project is definitely the most advanced in technology. At present, apart from Dr. South’s company, there’s no other company in the country that can develop it!” 
He leaned in close to Ellis and spoke in a lowered voice. “Mr. Ellis, I see Keera Technology is just a small company, why not spend a few billion to acquire them? This way, the technology will be ours!” 
Ellis was shocked. 
01 
< 
He coughed slightly and exchanged glances with Ken. 
The next moment… 
Ellis and Ken simultaneously said to Keira, 
“I offer three billion to acquire your company!” 
“I offer two billion to acquire your company!” 
Ken, offering one billion less, quickly added, “I can also offer three billion!”
There were rules in the industry. 
That was, malicious bidding wasn’t possible, so Ken and Ellis wouldn’t engage in malicious competition here. The price offered was the same, so what came next was to see each one’s sincerity. 
Brian watched the two of them, his eyes smiling as h looked at Keira, “Miss South, who do you want to sell 
to?” 
Ken smiled. “Keera Technology, right? I know you’re Mary’s good friend. Although we had some unpleasantness in our cooperation, just now, I’ve withdrawn your family’s lawsuit, hasn’t he?” 
The implication was, Ken had given her a break! 
0 
Ellis became anxious, saying, “That was only because of what I said, otherwise, how would you know about this today? Uncle Davis, please don’t compete with me on this project!” 
Ken still smiled warmly. “My dear Ellis, it’s not that I want to compete with you, but from their recent conversation, it seems that Miss South was originally planning to work with us on this project, right?” 
Keira heard this and glanced at Wayne, whose face had already turned dark, with a smile. “That’s right, but Mr. Wayne rejected it! He even said that he would never work with our company again in the future.”
Upon hearing this, Ken glared at Wayne. “His words don’t count; I have the final say, and besides, it’s all a misunderstanding.” 
After finishing his statement, he turned to Brian. 
“Brian, you’ve been with the company for over twenty years, and the company has treated you well, right? Now that you’ve found a new job, you can’t forget your old employer, can you? You’re familiar with Davis Corporation, and now that we’ve acquired it, won’t it be even more convenient to work together in the 
future?” 
11.33 
510 
Brian just smiled. “Director Davis, this matter still depends on Miss South. Actually, I don’t mind 
cooperating with anyone; I’m quite familiar with Porter 
too…” 
“Right, right, right… 
Director Porter nodded repeatedly while nudging Ellis. 
He didn’t have the guts to argue with Ken over the project. 
Ellis then twitched the corner of his mouth.
He came today originally to laugh at Keera and Mary, so how did it suddenly turn into him having to coax Keera to snatch the project? 
How quickly his status had changed! 
He coughed, and considering how he had always himself above Mary and Keera, he found it quite h to admit his new position. 
He could only cough again and say, “Well, Keera, you have some connections with my uncle… Let’s be partners, and the price is negotiable!” 
“The price on my side is also negotiable!” Both Ken and Ellis knew they couldn’t compete in price but needed 
113 
r 
B 
to make a statement. 
If three billion wasn’t enough, they could add more 
money!
Ellis coughed again, ready to speak, when Ken looked towards Mary,” Mary, Miss South is your best friend; you should come and help persuade her!” 
Mary was perplexed. 
Who was going to tell her what had happened? 
Just a moment ago, she was still immersed in the joy that Keera finally didn’t have to repay the massive debt and worried about being pressured and lured by Wayne’s threats when returning to the company. How suddenly, the eldest uncle from the first branch of the family had become so pleasant toward her? 
She felt a bit overwhelmed by the sudden favor, “U 
Ken, I…” 
Keira slowly began. “Actually, if Mary were to be in charge of this project, it wouldn’t be impossible…” 
Understanding dawned on Ken, and he immediately said, “Of course, Mary will take charge. You two are good friends; it’ll be easier that way…” 
11.23 
7012 
His tone was quite affectionate now… 
Keira then looked at Director Brian. “But Director Brian, you’ve resigned. The person coming to coordinate this project should at least be a director, right?”
Ken instantly burst out laughing. “Well, Mary, Director Brian has resigned, and since you’ve also been with the company for two years now, you should be promoted to that position!” 
Wayne’s expression changed. 
Mary was so young, but she had become a director, and from now on, he could never press down on Mary’s family again! 
Keira was pleased with this. Then Director Da shall we begin…” 
Just as the negotiation was about to succeed, D Porter from Olsen Group was becoming frantic, nudging Ellis urgently. 
Ellis came to his senses and immediately shouted, 
The others all turned to look at him. 
– 
Ken said with a smile, “Dear Ellis, why not? We already have a partnership with Keera Technology, and Mary and Keera have this relationship between them; we’re closely related!” 
Ellis immediately retorted. “Keera, my uncle and you also have a close friendship as well…” 
“What friendship can compare with a bestie from childhood?” 
Ken laughed triumphantly. “Right, Keera?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say.
She pulled a face, exchanging glances with Mary, and could see the joy in Mary’s eyes. 
Seeing this, Ellis became anxious, and for the sake of the project, he blurted out, “Keera and our family ha an even closer relationship! She’s my cousin!” 
. Comment @ 
###Chapter 302
As soon as Ellis spoke, Keira immediately narrowed her 
eyes. 
Was Uncle Olsen truly her father? 
She had suspected as much early on, but it wasn’t until Jodie South said she never wanted to see Uncle Olsen again that Keira had confirmed it. 
After Ellis finished speaking, he slightly tilted his chin up, feeling certain he would have shocked everyone. 
He looked at Keera, expecting to see her overwhelmed with joy – after all, a powerful father had appeared out of the blue! But what he saw was the woman standi 
there indifferently, looking at him without any expression. 
Ellis was perplexed. 
He turned his gaze to Ken, wanting to say something, but Ken laughed and patted him on the shoulder. “How clever, you’re really going all out for this project! Isn’t it common knowledge that in the pursuit of a 
daughter, your father and your second uncle have tried exceedingly hard, yet up to now only seven boys have been born? You’ve had to adopt two female cousins. from a distant branch… where did this cousin pop out 
from?” 
Ellis wanted to say more, but Ken cut him off. “Alright, I know you want this project too. Since it’s such a good project, why don’t our two families work together? Miss South, do you have any ions?” 
It wasn’t necessary for the Olsen family and the Davis family to fall out over a project worth several hundred million; a partnership was the best model. 
When Keira heard this, her gaze swept over Mary and Ellis, and she raised an eyebrow. “Then let Mary handle the business between the two companies.” 
“Deal! That settles it!” 
Ken smiled and turned again to Ellis. “Since you brought the contract, shall we discuss the details 
“Sure, then Miss South…” 
Keira looked down to check the time, “I’ve got some 
other matters to attend to, Director Brian, you can 
take care of it.” 
11.33 
III 
r 
< 
“Got it!” 
The newly appointed Director Brian suddenly tilted his chin up, feeling a surge of pride. 
Since Mary had to stay to discuss the partnership, Keira nodded at her and prepared to leave for a taxi. 
She had an appointment with Howard to get a divorce. 
Best get the certificate quickly and avoid further complications. 
She had barely taken a few steps when she heard footsteps from behind. Turning around, she saw Ellis following her; he was sizing her up. “Keera, you really are my cousin.” 
Keira said, “You must be mistaken, right?” 
Ellis thought she didn’t believe him. After all, wh could reject such a family background? He then “Forget it. Next time I’ll bring you the DNA test re 
Having said that, he continued to appraise her up a 
down. 
Keira immediately displayed Keera’s characteristic gentleness and timidity. 
11 
Looking at those familiar features but unfamiliar expressions, Ellis thought of the valiant woman he had met in Oceanion and momentarily lost focus. 
He suddenly asked, “Did you ever attend Mrs. Horton’s funeral service?” 
Keira looked down. “Yes, Howard wanted to build connections, so he took me there and even claimed to others that I was Mrs. Horton’s high school classmate.” 
This statement silenced Ellis! 
After a while, he suddenly sighed. “Then have you ever 
met Lewis?” 
Upon hearing this name, Keira felt a tightness in her chest as if an invisible hand had gripped her heart tightly. 
For the past month, she had been forcing herself mimic Keera’s demeanor, looking after Amy diligen and reading Keera’s diary at night in hopes of findin traces of the “South family” to save her mother… 
She had tried to make herself forget that name. 
But now, as Ellis brought it up, she realized that the name “Lewis” were like a thorn embedded deep in her 
marrow. 
A pang of pain would ensue whenever it was prodded.
She lowered her gaze. “Yes, I’ve seen him.” 
“Has Lewis seen you?” Ellis asked curiously. 
He had had people dig into Keera’s background 
thoroughly, so he was sure that the person before him 
was Keera and not Keira. 
Keira, however, asked back, “Mr. Ellis, what do you mean by that?” 
Ellis noticed her displeasure and explained, “I don’t 
know how to say this, but ever since Mrs. Horton 
passed away, Lewis has been immersed in pain and 
hasn’t come out of it.” 
Keira was slightly stunned. 
She tensed her jaw. 
He hasn’t come out of it, probably because it hasn’t been long enough! 
There was no wound that time couldn’t heal. 
Moreover, he still had to be with his old flame and his 
savior… 
Ellis sighed. “Forget it, it’s no use telling you. You don’t know them. By the way, where are you going now?” 
Keira looked down and said nothing. 
But Ellis realized something. “Are you getting a divorce 
from Howard?” 
Keira paused and nodded. 
Ellis misunderstood her expression. “You can’t still be hung up on that scumbag, can you? Keera, I’m really speechless, can’t you be a bit stronger?” 
Keira remained silent. 
Ellis said disdainfully, “Can’t you hold your head up high? What do you have to be ashamed of? You look like a victim every day… Seeing you with Keira’s face and putting on this act, I’m really not used to it!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Ellis continued. “Can’t you be a bit more assertive? After all, your surname is also Olsen. You should be Keera Olsen…” 
His words were cut off as he suddenly froze. 
Keera Olsen… Keira Olsen?
+492 
He paused briefly, then said, “Forget it. The name 
doesn’t matter, just be tougher! Don’t let anyone bully you! Even if you can’t be exactly like Keira, at least show a third of her spirit!” 
Keira held back and finally couldn’t help saying, “Mr. Ellis, are you bored?” 
Ellis said, “No, I’m not… Are you calling me nosy?” 
Mid-sentence, Keira already hailed a taxi, entered it, and drove off, leaving Ellis shouting angrily on the 
spot. 
“Am I not doing this for her own good? And she talks to me like that!” 
He assistant said, “Mr. Ellis, the car is here.” 
Ellis got into his own car, huffing. “Follow that car.” 
The assistant was dumbfounded. 
Ellis couldn’t help saying, “She’s my only cousin, and I can’t just watch her go get bullied by others!!” 
The taxi soon arrived at the courthouse.
After getting out of the taxi, Keira walked in and 
729 
+492 
immediately saw Howard and Cindy waiting for her impatiently. 
Howard stepped forward, “Keera, what’s the matter with you? Why are you so late? You don’t want a divorce, do you?” 
Cindy quickly said, “Can you be quick about it? Howard doesn’t love you anymore. Why are you still clinging on? You really have no shame!” 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Be patient. 
She must bear with them. 
Once she got the divorce certificate, everything would be perfectly resolved! 
She didn’t speak and went with Howard to the serv 
window. 
The divorce certificate was processed quickly. 
When the official stamped the certificate, Keira even felt her hand itching…
She finally fulfilled her sister’s first wish. She got 
divorced!! 
###Chapter 303
Keira looked at the freshly issued divorce certificate in 
her hands, feeling that her patience over the past month had not been in vain! 
The house remained hers, and Amy was hers too… 
If her sister were still alive, she would have surely been overjoyed at this moment. 
Thinking of this, Keira’s eyes began to tear up… 
Howard saw her like this and suddenly felt a bit reluctant to let go. 
After all, with their college romance and her face that evoked such sympathy, it was really hard to let her g now that she was no longer his wife. 
He looked at her and couldn’t help but say, “Don’t cr I’ll visit you and the child…” 
However, his words displeased Cindy, who immediately tugged at his arm and scolded Keira. “Keera, who are you trying to seduce with that act? Stay away from Howard after the divorce! Do you hear me?!” 
11.34 
19 
Howard frowned, wanting to say something, but Cindy glared at him. “What? Can’t bear to leave her? Want to go pay off debts with her?”
Howard immediately shut his mouth. 
Cindy then pointed at Keira and said, “Scram, don’t be an eyesore here. It’s all because of you that you’ve spoiled the perfect time for me and Howard to get our marriage certificate!” 
Keira knew she couldn’t get physical, as it would not fit 
Keera’s character. 
But that didn’t mean she couldn’t take revenge. 
She immediately stepped back and abruptly raised her voice. “Howard, are you planning to do divorced marriage all in one go today?!” 
Sure enough, her words drew the attention of around them, and everyone started to look over 
They saw Keira and Howard each holding a divor certificate, and then noticed Cindy standing beside Howard. With a bit of deduction, they understood 
their situation. 
Someone immediately commented, “What’s going on 
J 
here? Is somebody really that shameless? He’s just divorced and already getting married?”
“That woman must be the mistress who broke them up. Look at how pitifully the ex-wife has been forced 
into this situation. It’s so sad!” 
“How can someone who’s clearly the mistress still act so arrogant? What are you showing off for?” 
Everyone here had come to get divorced. 
There were all kinds of reasons for divorce, including infidelity, so there were always people who loathed mistresses. One auntie even rushed up and spat viciously at Cindy. “I despise mistresses like you the most. Proud of stealing someone’s husband, are you How can you have the face to scold the rightful wife 
After finishing her tirade, she grabbed Keira’s arm. “Girl, don’t be scared! Join me and curse the scumbag 
man and shameless woman!” 
Cindy felt something sticky and disgusting on her, 
which made her want to vomit. She cried out in alarm. 
“You crazy woman!” 
A 
The auntie, who was divorcing because her husband had an affair with a mistress, was infuriated by the insult. She rushed over to Cindy, grabbed her hair, and demanded, “You mistress, who are you swearing at?” 
Cindy shrieked, “Let go of me! You crazy woman, I’ll call the police right now!” 
“Call the police? Then do it!” 
The relatives who accompanied the auntie weren’t easy to deal with either. They immediately raised their phones to take a video, “If you call the police, I’ll post this on the internet for the public to judge. We’ve seen mistresses, but never one this brazen. Forcing someone’s rightful wife to divorce is one thing, but to get married on the same day? Have you no shame 
Cindy suddenly deflated. 
The auntie dragged Cindy to Keira’s side. “Apologi this young lady!” 
Enraged, Cindy clenched her fists, turning back to lo 
at Howard. 
Unable to contain himself, Howard pointed at Keira and accused her. “Keera, what is this supposed to 
mann? If you didn’t want to divorno inat aor it Wher 
have all these people come to make a scene? Are they here because you paid them?”
Before he could finish, the auntie’s slap was already flying toward him. “You’re the adulterer, and you still have the face? You were spared a beating just now, but you had to ask for it!” 
Howard immediately had his face scratched and was so frightened that he ran out of the courthouse, clutching his head as he scampered away. 
Cindy stamped her foot in anger. “Howard, come back! We haven’t got our marriage certificate yet!” 
Howard disdainfully dismissed the idea. “Why bother now? Let’s talk about it some other day!” 
Cindy was so angry she ground her teeth. 
She took a deep breath and straightened her disheveled hair before glaring hatefully at Keira. “Wh does Howard’s divorce have to do with me? It’s her 
own fault for having a bad relationship with her husband and not getting along with her mother-in-law. Her mother-in-law is hell-bent on making her get a divorce! She really likes me!” 
The older lady didn’t dare to be too heavy-handed for 
< 
fear of actually stirring up legal trouble; hearing this, she immediately looked toward Keira. “Girl, your mother-in-law really is something else. How could she encourage her son to get a divorce?” 
Keira said, “Thank you.”
She then turned to look at Cindy, a smile curling up her lips. “Since Howard’s mother likes you so much, I wish your whole family a happy life. You and Howard must hang in there.” 
Howard’s mother had been completely spoiled by Keira within just one month. 
With such an obedient former daughter-in-law like her as the perfect example, would she come to like Cindy? 
The days to come were bound to be filled with ch 
Having left these words behind, she turned and wa away with large strides. 
When usually posing as Keera, she would keep her head slightly lowered, but now she lifted her chin, walking with the feeling of embarking on a new life. 
Keira took a taxi back to the South family home. 
On the way, gazing at the city scenery retreating around her, her thoughts began to drift. 
What was Lewis doing now? 
Was he in the hospital accompanying his lifesaver? 
She let out a bitter smile. 
Since childhood, she had always been on her own without a single relative by her side… Finally, she had
Lewis and a mother… 
But Jodie South had been taken away. 
As for Lewis… he was no longer hers. 
On the road ahead, she was alone once again… 
The taxi quickly arrived at the South residence. 
Just as Keira entered the house, she saw the hired nanny tidying up the yard outside, while the sound o Amy came from inside the house. 
Keira paused, puzzled, “Do we have a guest?” 
The nanny nodded. “Yes, someone who said they were a friend of yours, ma’am.” 
Keera’s friend should only be Mary, right? 
7:0 
Could there be someone else? 
As Keira thought about this, she pushed open the door and went inside. She was prepared to face a stranger but, to her surprise, the person playing with Amy turned out to be a familiar, tall, and lanky figure. 
The man stood with his back to the light and slowly turned around when he heard footsteps.
The sunlight streamed in from the window, shining upon him. 
After a month apart, Lewis had grown even thinner, yet his gaze as he stared at Keira was so intense… 
His eyes firmly fixed on her face, and he said slowly, “Keira, I know it’s you…” 
R 
###Chapter 304
Keira gazed at his face greedily. 
This past month, she had actually felt very lonely and missed him terribly. 
But she knew she shouldn’t disturb him and Madeleine. 
Letting him think she was dead was actually the best 
choice. 
Therefore, even though she knew what he meant, she still said, “Mr. Horton, what are you doing here?” 
Lewis set Amy down, handing her over to his assistant. 
Tom wasn’t by his side, as he had been busy in Oceanion handling affairs for the Horton Group, and his absence, only Tom could keep the first branch of the family, people like Oliver, in check. 
The assistant took Amy and went over to play with her. 
Lewis then walked toward Keira. He had lost a lot of weight, looking especially haggard. With each step he took closer, Keira’s heartbeat accelerated. 
Keira silently stepped back. 
She didn’t know how many steps she had taken when she suddenly bumped into the living room couch behind her. There was nowhere left to retreat, and she could just watch as Lewis approached her.
The man was a head taller than her, and at such a close distance, she could see the hollows of his cheeks. 
He still carried the pleasant scent of vanilla, the smell of his usual body wash… 
Keira tensed her jaw, silent. 
Lewis, however, moved closer and said slowly, “Before, you kept wanting to divorce in place of Keera, so I didn’t bother you, but today you’re divorced. Keira you come home now?” 
Keira’s pupils shrank. 
Had he recognized her already? 
Was it that night? 
On reflection, he had clearly chased after her the next day, yet she hadn’t acknowledged him, and afterward, Lewis indeed hadn’t pestered her further and just left. 
Did he see through her alternate arrangements? 
Keira pondered for a long time… 
No… 
She had never given herself away, and besides, Keera’s 
existence was real. Lewis couldn’t possibly have recognized her.
With this thought, Keira once again assumed Keera’s fragile demeanor, the past month of pretending having made her well-practiced at acting weak. 
She said, “Mr… Mr. Horton, I don’t understand what 
you mean…” 
After her words, there was a long silence, and she didn’t notice any change in the expression of the ma 
before her. 
Keira slowly raised her head, wanting to see his reaction, but saw him just looking at her, smiling. 
His smile was so tender, so indulgent, like he was humoring a child throwing a tantrum, which complicated Keira’s emotions for a moment. 
There was even an urge to rush into his arms, to tell him she was Keira, to ask for his help rescuing her 
317 
mother and to clarify everything that was happening… 
To let him bear the responsibility she carried… 
But this thought was fleeting. 
She persisted in acting like Keera, unwilling to acknowledge her true identity.
After a while, she heard him sigh. “Keira, I’ve thoroughly investigated you and Keera over this past month… Keera seems weak, but she’s actually strong inside, truly not like you. She also wanted the divorce. all along, and nothing about your behavior this month was suspicious. But do you know what the biggest difference between you two is?” 
Keira really wanted to know! 
But she couldn’t say. 
She kept her head down, still silent. 
Lewis didn’t need her to say anything and said in a lo voice, “There’s one major physical difference between the two of you, and that is…” 
Suddenly, he lifted her chin, his rough hand reaching for the corner of her eye. 
< 
Lewis looked at her seriously. “Keira, I won’t say that your eyes look different and feel different because I don’t know Keera well. But you have a mole at the corner of your eye, and Keera doesn’t have one. That’s the biggest difference between you.” 
With that, he rubbed at the corner of Keira’s eye. 
He was trying to rub off the foundation to reveal the teardrop mole underneath… 
But as his fingers moved, he froze suddenly.
The skin there was smooth as ever, with no trace of a 
mole! 
Lewis’s expression instantly became frantic. 
He lost his earlier composure, his hand rubbing forcefully at Keira’s eye corner again… 
But still, there was nothing! 
Lewis’s pupils constricted, and he looked at her in disbelief. “How could there be… nothing?” 
Keira stood quietly. 
Of course, she knew the biggest difference between herself and Keera, even going so far as to use a special 
BUY 
< 
solution to hide the mole to prevent being discovered by the South family who kidnapped her mother. 
She bit her lips, weak and aggrieved. She said, “Mr. Horton, you’re hurting me…” 
Lewis paused, and then he suddenly extended his arms and pulled Keira forcefully into his embrace. “Keira, I know it’s you. Don’t scare me, okay? This past month, I’ve been waiting for you; I can’t bear to lose you again…”
His words made Keira’s eyes well up. 
She sighed silently, clenching her fists. 
It turned out that in the last month, Lewis hadn’t been recovering from his injuries, but lying in wait. 
He might not even have been sure she was Keira, b he clung to that belief, enduring until today. If she refused to acknowledge it now, indeed, it would be stabbing him in the heart a second time. 
So, should she acknowledge the truth? 
Her inner conflict was intense as if her thoughts had become two entities wrestling inside her mind! 
But just when she hadn’t decided, her body reacted. 
67 
She extended her arms and embraced the man’s 
waist… 
D 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 305
Keira never knew that an embrace could be so warm, bestowing a sense of security in one’s heart. 
At the moment of the hug, she even felt as though her 
hollow heart had been filled. 
Even women who were always strong and independent sometimes needed consolation and companionship. 
She rested her head on his shoulder. 
The two quietly leaned on each other. 
Lewis’s deep voice reached her ears. “Keira, is that 
you?” 
His voice carried uncertainty. 
Keira sighed inwardly, ready to confirm her identity when suddenly a commotion erupted from the doorway. 
The nanny she hired was shouting, “What are you 
doing? This is the South family’s home. How can you trespass like this?” 
< 
Then came Howard’s mother’s loud and aggressive voice. “What South family? Who are you? Where’s Keera? You’re blocking us from entering. Is she inside. fooling around with some other man?” 
Howard also angrily rebuked, “Get out of the way! I’m Keera’s husband, and I’m here to settle the score with 
her!” 
How could a single nanny fend off these two hooligans? 
The sound of footsteps drew closer, and Keira hurriedly pushed Lewis away, pointing to a room on the first floor where the nanny took Amy to play. 
Lewis’s gaze grew deeper, but he didn’t move. 
Keira immediately clasped her hands together in a 
pleading gesture. 
The girl’s eyes were sharp with no trace of weaknes from just moments ago! 
These were clearly Keira’s eyes! 
Lewis looked stunned for a moment. 
Seeing he wasn’t moving, Keira quickly grabbed his 
arm and pushed him into the small bedroom on the 
21 
first floor. 
Just after closing the door, Howard and his mother stormed in with a formidable presence. 
As soon as they entered, Howard’s mother’s gaze fell on her. “Keera, what’s this about a nanny? Where did you get the money to hire a nanny?!” 
Keira looked at her. “That seems to be none of your business anymore, doesn’t it?” 
Howard’s mother became furious. “How is it not my business? When you divorced Howard, he left with nothing! Did you hide some money? Or did it come from your parents?” 
Upon hearing this, Keira scoffed. “Before the divorce Howard should have had his lawyer clarify how mu property I had, right? What, do you regret it now? Considering today is the first day since the divorce, can compromise. Otherwise, all assets would have gone to Howard, and I would only take Amy and be without a penny.” 
Her collaboration with Davis Corporation and Olsen Group hadn’t been made public yet. 
Upon hearing this. Howard’s mother immediately said. 
< 
“Don’t get ahead of yourself! The twenty million debt is from your parents’ company. Don’t think you can leave it to Howard!” 
She paused slightly, realizing something. “I get it now. You must have sold your bridal jewelry, right? Keera, you still have debts, and the court will make its judgment tomorrow. Better save whatever money you have rather than spend it. You hired a nanny, but why don’t you just do the household work yourself? The money for hiring a nanny would be better spent on buying me some health supplements!” 
During the past month, Keira had been compliant with her, and since it was inconvenient to take money from her own account to avoid attracting attention, Mary had given her several tens of thousands to get by. 
With that money, Keira bought Howard’s mother a variety of nutritional products and a lot of clothes. 
Howard’s mother was practically spoiled by her like an Empress Dowager! 
Keira looked at her shameless demeanor and 
responded indifferently, “Since we’re already divorced, you’re no longer my mother-in-law. How I live my life 
going forward is none of your concern.” 
“You!” Howard’s mother extended her finger. “I did this for your own good. You’re truly ungrateful!”
Seeing that she wanted to say more, Keira cut off her endless chatter. “What did you come here for today?” 
Howard said, “You did that on purpose today at the courthouse, didn’t you? You made us lose so much face. Cindy went home with stomach pains, and I want you to go and apologize to her right now!” 
Keira looked at him as if he were a fool, feeling like the 
whole world had become surreal. 
How on earth did Keera go blind and marry such an 
unreasonable man?! 
She lowered her gaze. “Howard, do you think we’re s husband and wife? Why should I still listen to you?” 
Howard was stunned. 
Keira then said indifferently, “After the divorce, we have nothing to do with each other anymore.” 
Howard suddenly stepped forward, grabbing her wrist. “Keera, what do you mean by this? We’re just divorced, 
HOR 
and you can’t wait to cut ties with me. Do you have another man already?”
His words made Keira chuckle. “Howard, the one who actually has someone else is you. I’ve been at home taking care of our children and your mother, never stepping out of line!” 
Howard was speechless. 
Keira then turned to look at Howard’s mother. “And you, I’ve always prided myself on being a dutiful daughter-in-law to you. Why did you insist on Howard divorcing me?” 
Howard’s mother curled her lips. “Taking care of your mother-in-law is what any daughter-in-law should do. 
Even if it weren’t you, any woman Howard marries would treat me well. Do you think you deserve cred Not being able to give birth to a son is your biggest failure!” 
Keira’s lips curved slightly. “Any daughter-in-law can take good care of her mother-in-law?” 
Howard’s mother tilted her chin up. “Of course, Cindy will only treat me better than you! She was always asking warmly about my well-being, and she’ll take 
108 
care of me even better than you in the future!” 
“Is that so?” 
Keira didn’t argue.
Howard dragged her toward the door. “Stop talking nonsense. I order you to come with me right now to apologize to Cindy. Moreover, I want you to take care of her for a while until the baby settles down, or else I won’t let you off!” 
Keira pushed him away forcefully. “Let go of me!” 
From inside, the sound of Amy crying came out, 
“Mommy…” 
But then it seemed like someone had soothed her. 
Upon hearing this sound, Howard’s expression changed drastically. “Well, well, Keera, you really did hide someone! That explains why you were so eager t get divorced! You’ve already found someone else!” 
Howard’s mother also charged over. “You shameless wretch. You must have found your lover during your marriage. Howard, open the door for me now. I want to see what kind of bastard is willing to take a divorcee like her, with baggage in tow!” 
778 
After saying that, Howard’s mother grabbed Keira’s arm. “Howard, go open the door! Catch him and make that man compensate us, otherwise, we won’t let this go today!” 
Hearing this, Howard didn’t wait for his mother to tell him what to do; he rushed to the door and was about
to kick it in. 
But the door opened from inside. 
Immediately, a tall and upright man stepped out. 
When Howard and his mother saw him, they were dumbfounded. “Mr. Horton? What are you doing 
here?!” 
1 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
11:3 
>
###Chapter 306
Lewis glared at the two people, thinking about how Keira had been bullied by this mother and son for the past month, and he wished he could kill them. 
But this was Clance, where one couldn’t kill people recklessly. 
However, the murderous intent in his eyes was so intense that it frightened Howard into a frozen state! 
Lewis stared at them fiercely, his gaze sweeping over Keira before he adjusted his cuffs and said, “A month ago, you set me up, and that account hasn’t been settled yet.” 
As he spoke these words, several black-clothed bodyguards suddenly appeared at the door. 
Howard had never seen such a presence. 
His legs instantly went weak, and he knelt on the ground, knocking his head and begging. “Mr. Horton, that has nothing to do with me… It wasn’t my idea; it was all Keera’s. Keera was the one who plotted against you, and it has nothing to do with me… I was forced by 
9 
< 
Keera…” 
Keira looked at him, her heart filled with sorrow for Keera once again.
This man had personally sent his wife to another man’s bed, and in the end, he didn’t even want to take a bit of responsibility. 
She took a deep breath, not wanting to speak 
anymore. 
Lewis was about to share his feelings with her when Howard and his mother interrupted him, and now he couldn’t be bothered to argue with the two of them and simply roared, “Get out!” 
Howard immediately stood up, and he and his mother helped each other out. When they stumbled over the coffee table, they didn’t even dare to stand up and 
crawled out like that. 
Once they were out the door, the two of them seemed as if they had gotten their lives back and rushed out in a most disgraceful manner. 
It wasn’t until they had finally walked a considerable distance, even leaving the neighborhood, that they stopped and. filled with afterthought looked back at 
11.35 
the villa. 
Only then did Howard realize something was amiss. “Why would Mr. Horton be in the second bedroom? And Keera, why doesn’t she seem to be afraid of him?” 
His mother immediately slapped her thigh. “Mr. Horton must have taken a fancy to her. No wonder she could hire a nanny, and she spoke with more confidence when she talked to us! She must have won
Mr. 
Horton’s heart!” 
Howard was confused. “Then Mr. Horton will definitely help her fill that twenty-million gap, won’t he? I really… why did I get a divorce? If I hadn’t divorced…” 
Hearing this, his mother couldn’t help but smack his head. “If you hadn’t divorced, Mr. Horton would still take a fancy to Keera, and what would you dare to do 
Howard showed a sleazy expression. “At least I could’v taken some benefits…” 
His mother also showed a regretful expression but thinking back to Mr. Horton’s imposing aura just now, she couldn’t help shivering with fear and said, “Son, how did you have the courage to plot against such a 
32 
terrifying person?” 
Howard also shrank his neck. At that time, without any connections with influential people, he saw that Mrs. Horton’s late wife looked very similar to Keera, so he immediately became tempted. 
Thinking back now, he had been incredibly audacious! 
But what a pity! He had delivered wealth and luxury right to Keera! 
He felt some anger but could only stubbornly say, “No matter what, the woman Mr. Horton is sleeping with now is someone I’ve used and discarded!”
After saying that, as if to comfort himself, he hurriedly called a cab, taking his mother away from there and back to Cindy’s home. 
On the way home, Howard’s emotions were very complicated. 
There’s an old saying that goes, you don’t cherish what you have until you lose it, and then it’s too late for 
regrets, especially since he had thought it was he who had abandoned Keera. 
He believed that Keera’s life would definitely be 
miserable in the future, and when he occasionally 
Vas 
in a good mood, he could still go to see her, as Keera would still be his woman. 
However, someone had come to snatch her… 
Thinking of Keera’s beautiful face, he remembered Keera in college. Although she didn’t have a good demeanor, she still relied on her impressive looks to become the school beauty and was pursued by many. 
Howard suddenly felt a bit reluctant to let her go. 
His mother understood his thoughts just by looking at him and comforted him by saying, “Son, what’s there to miss? That Keera has nothing but a face like a vixen, and she’s seducing everyone
everywhere. How can she compare to Cindy?” 
Howard nodded. “Right, she’s nothing but a worn-out shoe! Mr. Horton even came to our door because of her! Mom, that woman is like a log in bed, utterly joyless and boring. Sooner or later, Mr. Horton will get 
tired of her!” 
His mother agreed. “Exactly, she can’t even produce a son. Useless woman! She claims she treats me well. Ha! Cindy will definitely treat me even better!” 
501 
While they talked, they returned home. 
The apartment Cindy lived in was a three-bedroom place rented by Howard. 
The neighborhood was nice, and the house itself was well-decorated. 
As they entered, they saw the living room coffee table in a mess, full of barbecue leftovers from Howard’s feast last night. The disarray seemed particularly out of place in the otherwise opulent house, instantly souring 
their mood. 
Thinking of how neat and clean Keera’s villa was, Howard’s mother couldn’t help but frown and called out, “Cindy, clean up the coffee table in the living room, will you?”
Cindy was lying in the master bedroom playing with her phone. Hearing this, she said, “Mom, my stomach hurts. Maybe you could do me a favor and tidy up?” 
Howard’s mother frowned instantly and went straight into the bedroom, “Cindy, I know you’re faking it! Babies aren’t that delicate. When I was pregnant with Howard, I was still working in the fields! Don’t try to be lazy with me…” 
11.35 
Η 
69 
When she moved in yesterday, Cindy was utterly submissive to her. 
She thought Cindy was still as compliant as she used to be, but as soon as she said this, Cindy looked pitifully at Howard. “Howard, my stomach really hurts. I’m not lying to you. Mom, how can you say that about me?” 
Howard’s mother became angry at once. “What have I said about you? When Keera was pregnant, she didn’t neglect any housework and even made soup for me every day…” 
As she spoke, she glanced toward the dining room, noticing that this morning’s used plates were still sitting there, unwashed. This made her even angrier. “Howard and I were out for two hours, and you did nothing at home?” 
Cindy, feeling wronged, said, “Mom, I really have a stomach ache. Even if you don’t feel sorry for me, at least feel sorry for your grandson! What do you say,
Howard?” 
Howard’s mother immediately turned to Howard. 
In the past at home, whenever there was a conflict 
between her and Keera, Howard always took her side. 
But unexpectedly, Howard frowned at Cindy and, ultimately, turned to her. “Mom, stop making a scene. I’m annoyed. Just go and clean up.” 
Howard’s mother was stunned. “How can you make me do the work? When have I ever done chores at home? I still have to go out and exercise!” 
Howard said, “Before Keera came along, weren’t you the one who did everything? Hurry up! I’ve had enough 
of this!” 
As Howard said this, he pushed his mother out of the master bedroom, and with a “bang,” he shut her 
outside the door. 
Howard’s mother was shocked. 
She stood staring blankly at the door, her expression frozen, and it even took her a moment to process wha had just happened!
If it had been before, Howard’s mother might have tolerated it, as she had to depend on her son to live. But after being respected and pampered by Keira for a month, how could she take this lying down? 
She was so angry that her chest heaved dramatically, and then she began pounding the door furiously! 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
“Cindy, you harbinger of doom, come out here! Why should I do the work? Howard, I raised you, and now I have to serve the both of you? Bah! Keep dreaming!” 
This quarrel was all within Keira’s expectations; in fact, it was exactly the revenge Keira had elaborately planned for Howard over a month. 
At this very moment, in the South family villa. 
Lewis was watching her with a burning gaze. 
R 
9 
###Chapter 307
After she sent Howard and his mother away, Keira calmed down a lot. 
She looked at Lewis, feeling somewhat of a headache. 
The hug just now had nearly revealed her identity… Now, even if she denied it, Lewis wouldn’t believe her. 
But what if she admitted it? 
They still couldn’t be together… 
As she was deep in thought, Mary’s voice came from outside. “Keera, Keera! I’m here to keep you company!” 
With those words, Mary burst energetically through 
the door. 
Upon seeing Lewis, she was momentarily taken aback “Who’s this?” 
Her gaze fixated on his face, examining it for a long time before she finally spoke with confusion. “You look… so familiar?” 
Seeing this, Keira quickly said, “Mr. Horton, if you 
have w other matters, you can leave now. Mary 
don’t 
123 
and I have things to discuss.” 
Mary is from the Davis family! 
Lewis’s biological mother was also from the Davis family; she should be Mary’s paternal aunt! 
Lewis didn’t resemble the other Hortons much, so he 
probably took after his mother… That was why Mary thought he looked familiar. 
Lewis, upon seeing a member of the Davis family, indeed calmed down. He clenched his jaw, stayed silent for a long while, and eventually said, “Keira, I don’t know what you’re up to, but I’ll come back for you.” 
Leaving these words behind, he strode away with his assistants and bodyguards in tow. 
After everyone had left, Mary teased Keira with a win “Keera, who was that guy? Is he interested in you? But he sure pronounces your name strangely…” 
Of course, it was strange. 
He was calling her Keira, not Keera. 
Keira complained inwardly and asked, “What are you 
here for?” 
Mary grabbed her hand. “Didn’t you just get divorced? Tonight, I’m taking you to a fun place to celebrate!” 
Keira felt a warmth in her heart. 
She knew Mary was afraid Keera would be upset… 
She laughed. “That won’t be necessary. I still have to look after Amy.” 
But Amy came over, took Keira’s hand, and said understandingly, “Mommy, you go have fun with Mary. I’ll be fine with Ruth!” 
Mary, however, bent down and picked her up. “How could I leave you behind? The place we’re going to tonight is also suitable for Amy. Let’s go, your godmother will take you to have some fun!” 
Holding Amy, she headed out, leaving Keira with no choice but to follow behind. 
Soon, Keira realized that Mary had brought her to an indoor amusement park. 
This amusement park wasn’t only suitable for children, but also for adults their age. 
Mary laughed. “When we were little, we often came 
here to play. We said that when we had kids, we’d 
329 
07 Slap in the Face
bring them here too. Keera, I’ve wanted to bring Amy here for so long, but she was too young at first and 
later on…” 
Later, they had lost contact and never had the chance. 
Keira lowered her eyes. “Mary, I’m sorry.” 
She believed if her sister. were still alive, she would have said the same thing to Mary. 
Mary waved it off. “Hey, why say such things? Amy, come on, I’ll take you to play in the ball pit!” 
“Yay! That’s awesome!” 
The ball pit was huge and filled with all sorts of colorful balls. There were slides to go down from above. Mary took Amy down the slide in her arms 
They were afraid that Amy was too young and wou be scared to slide, but they hadn’t expected the litt one to fall in love with the activity and even want to down by herself. 
Mary and Keira exchanged a glance and smiled, then let Amy slide down on her own. 
There was only one passage, so Mary slid down first. 
She made an exaggerated gesture and shouted loudly; after sliding down, she got buried in the ocean of balls, yelling, “Amy, come find your godmother!”
Amy giggled and slid down, then started moving the balls aside next to Mary, trying to pull her out. 
Keira watched and couldn’t help but laugh… 
As Amy was moving the balls aside, suddenly a chubby five-year-old boy threw a ball at her. 
The balls were soft rubber, so even if they hit someone, it wouldn’t hurt. Besides, everyone was throwing them around in the ball pit, so Amy thought the little chubby boy was just playing with her. 
Amy, being good-natured, picked up a ball and to it back gently, hitting the little chubby boy’s arm. 
But the chubby boy erupted in anger. “Why did yo 
throw it at me!” 
Amy was startled by his shouting and said timidly, “So-sorry… I thought you were playing with me…” 
Before she could finish, the little boy burst into tears, crying out, “Mommy, she hit me with the ball!” 
Keira sensed something was wrong and immediately 
< 
rushed down, with Mary also emerging from the sea of 
balls. 
But both their reactions weren’t fast enough…
At that moment, a woman dressed extravagantly suddenly rushed over and slapped her across the face, then pushed Amy forcefully! 
The push was so powerful that Amy almost flew off the ground. She slammed hard into the sea of balls! 
The tiny Amy was instantly terrified and began flailing her arms in the balls, crying out loudly. 
Keira and Mary almost reached Amy at the same time. They scooped her out of the balls, and Keira hurriedly embraced the little one. 
Even though Amy wasn’t her daughter, over the past month they had spent all their time together, and Am shared a mysterious blood connection with her as if she was her only relative in this world. 
Keira felt tremendous affection for her. 
At that moment, she quickly tried to calm her. “Amy, good girl, don’t cry, don’t cry… Mommy’s here…” 
Amy was used to being mistreated by Howard’s 
) 
119 
< 
mother at home and hadn’t been hit or scolded for a 
month, so though she was initially frightened, she stopped crying when she heard “don’t cry” and clamped her mouth shut, hiccupping a sob.
Keira’s heart ached at the sight. 
Mary was staring at the aggressive woman. “What are you doing!” 
The woman who had pushed was just comforting the chubby boy, and when she heard Mary, she turned around and sneered. “That’s the question I should be asking you, isn’t it? Someone get the manager here! I want to know, what should be done about this little girl throwing a ball at my son without any reason!” 
Her attitude was extremely haughty as she point Amy and scolded. “What kind of riff-raff are you? dare you come here to play? You have no family discipline at all! Who gave you the right to throw a at my son? Do you even know who we are?!” 
Upon hearing this, someone immediately whispered a warning. 
“She’s Miss Olsen, the niece from the Olsen Group!” 
“What? So it’s her no wonder she’s so arrogant… The 
Olsen Group’s families have always wished for a daughter but never had one, that’s why they brought in this distant niece to be raised in the main branch, pampered from a young age… And her brothers are not to be messed with, especially Mr. Ellis, who’s known as a real-life demon!” 
“You better apologize quickly; otherwise, this won’t end well!” 
Upon hearing this, Mary was furious, “No matter who you are, this is a matter between children, and it’s not right for an adult to lay hands on them so casually!”
The woman scoffed. “So what if I hit her? What are you going to do about it?” 
“You!” 
Mary was so angry her face turned iron blue. T moment, Keira patted her on the shoulder. 
She turned around to see the usually timid Keera, yet terrifying at that moment. 
Keira handed Amy to Mary with a voice that seemed different than usual, sinister somehow, “Hold Amy for 
me.” 
11.35 
Mary was slightly stunned, not understanding her intention, but subconsciously took Amy. 
Then, her eyes widened in shock!! 
R 
Leave the first cominent to this chapter. 
This chapter.c 
9
– 
###Chapter 308
Keira abruptly took a step forward, grabbed the woman’s arm, and delivered a slap!! 
“Slap!” 
The woman’s head whipped to the side, her cheek stinging with pain. Clutching her face, she cried out in shock, “You dare to hit me?!” 
Keira’s cool voice rang out. “Exactly, I hit you!” 
Then, with a forceful shove, she pushed the woman into the ball pit! 
She repaid every bit of what had been done to Amy right back to her! 
This didn’t at all conflict with Keera’s character because the bottom line for any mother was her child 
Struggling, the woman clumsily surfaced from the sea of balls, then touched her face, wincing in pain and gasping in a sharp intake of cold air. 
She pointed at Keira and cursed furiously. “You dare to hit me! Do you even know who I am?! With just one 
word, I could make you disappear from Clance!” 
Keira looked at the woman before her, feeling nothing 
but disgust.
Were these wealthy fools only capable of such overused clichés? 
Even in writing novels, shouldn’t there be some variety in dialogue? 
Mary came to her senses upon seeing this. She was frightened by Keera’s actions; how had she forgotten to stop her just now? 
Fearing she might trouble Keera, who was without any foundation in Clance, Mary stepped forward to redirect the anger, “Christina, I know you. You’re nothing but someone who abuses the Olsen family’s power to do whatever you want here. Do you know 
who we are?” 
This woman was one of two distant relatives adopted by the Olsen family, named Christina and Victoria after being taken in. 
From their names, it was evident how desperately the Olsen family had hoped to have their own daughters! 
Unfortunately, of the three Olsen family’s branches, 
the first and second brancher tried their heat but only 
211 
produced seven sons, and as for the third branch… Uncle Olsen was unmarried!
Left with no alternatives, the Olsen family treated their two adopted daughters as treasures, and they received nearly the same treatment as true daughters of wealth. 
Outsiders would all show them respect. 
Even Ellis had once planned to arrange a marriage between Christina and Lewis, but after Lewis rejected the idea, she ended up marrying someone else in 
Clance. 
Hearing Mary’s words, Christina narrowed her eyes, recognizing her. “I wondered who was being so arrogant, turns out it’s a daughter from a side branch of the Davis family! Mary, do you think you’re still tl treasured daughter of the Davis family? Your family was already partitioned off! Don’t tell me you’re not afraid of offending me. Do you no longer care for your own well-being?” 
Mary sneered. “It was you who laid hands on Amy first, and we’re only hitting back. Christina, I would advise you to quit while you’re ahead. Yes, I’ve been 
317 
separated from the main family, but do you think my uncle would just stand by and see us bullied by you?” Christina scoffed. “Everyone knows that the Davis family main branch doesn’t get along with you… And besides, it was this little slut that started it by hitting 
ny son with a ball first!” 
my
Keira pointed at a nearby security camera. “The pot is calling the kettle black, aren’t you? Shall we check the surveillance to see who initiated the attack?” 
Christina had seen everything clearly. 
Her son was a little tyrant on the playground, but she didn’t think he was in the wrong at all. 
With a scoff, she retorted. “Do you think this surveillance camera will be useful today? Would yo believe me if I said that with just one word from me these cameras might just ‘accidentally’ fail today? A besides, do you know what status my son holds? If your daughter compares to my son, even if he killed her, a million in compensation would settle it. If you dare to touch a single hair on my son, I could make you go bankrupt in compensation!” 
After saying that, she picked up her phone, ready to 
< 
call someone. “You dare to hit me; I won’t let you leave this amusement park today!” 
Mary immediately furrowed her brow and took a step forward, “Christina, should we bring Mr. Ellis here to judge this matter today?” 
At those words, Christina’s fingers hesitated slightly. 
She had been adopted into the first branch of the family, hence Ellis could technically be considered her 
cousin.
But Ellis was the successor trained by Uncle Olsen, always beside him and guided from a young age. He held a special place in the Olsen family, sometimes wielding even more influence than his own father. 
Christina and Victoria, adopted by the secon were both pampered as they grew up, and the brothers were also willing to treat them as you 
sisters. 
Yet, everyone feared Ellis, the veritable devil, thei 
ch, 
With that in mind, Christina sneered. “I know you, y just had a blind date with my cousin recently, didn’t you? But as far as I know, he rejected you. What, do you think he could ever fancy you? Who are you trying 
to scare?” 
As she spoke, she looked at Keira. “Moreover, for such a trivial matter, why bother my brother? I can handle this myself!” 
No sooner had she finished speaking than the bodyguards gathered around, surrounding Christina, “Miss, what has happened?” 
Christina pointed at Keira, “This person attacked me, teach her a harsh lesson!” 
“You wouldn’t dare!”
Mary stepped in front of Keira. “Christina, don’t you go 
too far!” 
Christina looked at her. “Mary, I’d advise you to your own business. These bodyguards have all be trained by the Olsen family. I wouldn’t want them ‘accidentally’ hurt you now.” 
Immediately, she commanded. “What are you waiting 
for? Go!” 
The bodyguards were about to advance, Mary anxiously stood in front of Keira, facing the group of burly men. She felt an urgent panic. 
11.05 
Were she and Keera really going to get beaten up here 
today? 
What should she do? 
R 
> 
E 
Terrible 
717
###Chapter 309
Mary hurriedly handed Amy over to Keira. “Keera, I’ll hold them off first. You guys run.” 
But Keira didn’t take Amy. 
Mary became anxious. “Keera, I know what you’re worried about. Amy is still young. Don’t let the child witness such a bloody scene! Besides, I’m after all from the Davis family, so she wouldn’t dare to be too harsh on me. If she really beats me to death, my uncle won’t let them off!” 
Although Mary had been allocated to a side branch of the family, she was still part of the Davis family. Petty fights were one thing, but if she were to be beaten to death, Ken would definitely seek an explanation from the Olsen family. 
Mary was prepared to be beaten up, to vent Christina’s anger, especially since Keera had just hit her… 
Just as she thought this, Keira stepped forward, blocking her way. 
She looked at the surrounding bodyguards with a cold 
expression and scolded, “I would like to see who dares to come forward?!” 
The bodyguards around her immediately stopped in their tracks.
They were professional fighters trained by the Olsen family, possessing sharper instincts than ordinary · security guards. 
Although the woman in front of them looked frail, she was exuding a temperament similar to theirs, perhaps even stronger… 
After the bodyguards stopped, Christina couldn’t help but say, “What are you stopping for? Hit her!” 
Keira then looked at her. “Christina, do you really think that with power and influence, you can do whatever you want? The world isn’t the same as it was before. Now we have channels to make our voices heard, and this channel is called the media! Do you believe that if today’s incident is spread through a video, the reputation of the Olsen family will be completely ruined by you?” 
Christina sneered. “Do you think I don’t know that? I just told you, the cameras i 
the cameras in this amusement park are 
broken! Manager, am I right?” 
Now that online media were monitoring their actions, these rich people were much more discreet than 
before. 
Like committing wrongdoing, they didn’t dare to be blatant, so they now avoided the cameras! 
Just then, the manager of the amusement park hurried over, and upon hearing the words, quickly wiped the non-existent cold sweat from his forehead. “Yes, Miss Olsen is right. Our cameras have malfunctioned today, and there definitely won’t be any videos getting out…”
Christina looked proudly at Keira upon hearing this. 
Keira sneered, suddenly took out her phone, and held it up to Christina’s face. 
There, clear as day, was a recording of Christina’s 
recent actions! 
Including those idiotic things she just said! 
Thanks to her sharp instincts as a former journalist, Keira had turned on her phone’s camera the moment Amy was hit. 
Although she didn’t capture the entire incident from 
+ 
378 
the beginning, Christina was arrogant enough that just those few sentences she uttered were enough to incite public outrage! 
When Christina saw the video, she was stunned, and in a fit of rage, she stepped forward. “You bitch!” 
Keira simply scoffed. “If you dare take another step forward, I’ll post this on social media immediately!” 
“You!”
Christina took a deep breath, her fingers clenched tight and then released. After a long moment, she stared venomously at Keira. “What’s your name?” 
Mary quickly stepped forward. “Christina, she…” 
“Keera.” 
Before Mary could speak, Keira gave the woman he 
name. 
If she didn’t speak up, all the hatred would be directed 
at Mary… 
Ever since she learned of Mary’s current situation, she didn’t want to incriminate her any further. 
Christina nodded vigorously, pointing a finger at her. 
“Fine, fine! Keera, right? I’ll remember you!!” 
Leaving those words behind, she glared at the lobby manager, then with a wave of her hand, she commanded, “Let’s go!” 
A group of people left in a grand procession. 
Mary hurriedly turned to Keira. “Keera, it’s over; Christina is notoriously petty. Having been offended today, she will definitely seek revenge!” 
Keira reassured her, “Don’t be afraid, it’s alright. Ellis
will help us.” 
I 
If Ellis knew she was Uncle Olsen’s daughter, how 
could he allow a foster daughter to bully her? 
But Mary misunderstood, and dejectedly said, said just now was a bluff. You don’t know how A Ellis is. He’s the most stingy and protective perso actually doesn’t have much to do with Christina, b since she’s his sister in name, in today’s incident, if Ellis were present, he’d also pressure you to apologize 
to Christina.” 
Keira reassured her. “Really, it’s fine; don’t be scared.” 
Before she could say more, the lobby manager came 
– 
over, a bitter look on his face as he began, “I’m sorry, you two, but our amusement park can no longer accommodate you today…” 
Mary’s face stiffened. 
The lobby manager immediately bowed in apology. “We also dare not offend the Olsen Family. I want to keep running my small business, so please, from now on, you two shouldn’t come to play here anymore. Today’s tickets are on the house! Please leave…” 
He was trembling slightly all over, even beads of sweat forming on his forehead. 
His appearance was so pitiful that it was hard for onlookers not to feel sympathetic.
Mary and Keira exchanged a glance, both sighin resignation. “Alright.” 
This amusement park was merely protecting itself, a they had no grounds for criticism. After all, not everyone was a saint and wanted to be meddlesome in other people’s affairs. 
Carrying Amy, the two made their way out of the park. 
No sooner had they stepped out than they heard the 
manager instruct two staff members behind them, 
“Make sure you remember. Those two are not allowed in from now on… Prepare some presents for the children for Miss Olsen’s side. I’ll accompany you tonight to apologize and make amends!” 
“Sure, Sir.” 
Keira was speechless. 
Mary was indignant yet discouraged. “Keera, what has become of this world? Clearly, Christina did wrong, and Amy suffered the injustice, yet in the end, we are the ones being expelled. Is family background and status really that important?” 
In her life, there had been ups and downs. 
When her grandfather and great-uncle were alive, no yet having divided the family, she was considered a heiress of the Davis family. Although she couldn’t compare with the daughters from the first branch, she lived in no less splendor.
After the great-uncle passed away, her eldest uncle from the first branch looked after them out of respect for her grandfather. 
But once her grandfather was gone they became a 
778 
mere collateral branch, and their fortunes dwindled… 
Keira was at a loss for words, unsure of what to say to 
comfort her. 
Mary merely sighed over this but soon became anxious again, looking at her: “Keera, by the look in Christina’s eyes just now, she’s got it in for you. Maybe you should leave Clance. If you stay here, I’m worried the Olsen family will harm you…” 
“Don’t be afraid.” 
Seeing how worried Mary was, Keira was silent for a moment, then suddenly said, “Actually, I’m Uncle Olsen’s daughter.” 
R 
/
1– 
> 
###Chapter 310
Mary heard this and suddenly went silent. 
After a long while, she forced a smile. “Keera, you’re quite the joker.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She gave a resigned smile. “I’m not joking…” 
Before she could finish, Mary took her by the arm. “You’ve forgotten, right? You already told me about your background long ago!” 
Keira was stunned. “…What?” 
Keera’s background? 
Without further thought, Mary said, “When I asked you back then if you wanted to find your biological father or just live with your foster parents, you told me about 
it…” 
Saying this, she cautiously glanced at Keira as if afraid that bringing up that matter would touch a raw nerve. 
Keira only felt her mind turn into mush. “What did I tell you?” 
0 
Mary looked at her oddly. “Keera, you don’t
remember?” 
Keira pursed her lips, pausing before asking, “What did 
I say?” 
Without giving a reason, Mary simply looked at her curiously for a few moments, then continued. “You’ said that you weren’t a lost child, that you have parents, just that…” 
She bit her lip before continuing. “You’re too na?ve. Your parents didn’t like you, so they let your foster 
. 
parents bring you to Clance and told you never to come back home.” 
Keira’s jaw tensed. 
Keera was her twin sister, that much was certain; they looked exactly alike, and besides, Taylor had admitted to this fact before… 
Moreover, after “Mrs. Horton’s” death, Lewis had three consecutive DNA reports done, all proving the deceased was Mrs. Horton, definitely showing that 
Keera and Keira were identical twins. 
Why then did Keera say such a thing? 
0
Before his death, Taylor once said that when their mother gave birth to the Keera, she wasn’t abandoned by him, but was “taken away by the South family”… 
During this period, Keira had already investigated the deceased foster parents of her sister. They were simply running their company honestly and didn’t seem to have any significant skills. 
Their deaths years ago were also due to a car accident. 
But… those foster parents seemed to appear out of nowhere, with no other relatives or family in Clance. 
Keira felt increasingly baffled. 
“Keera, does bringing this up make you upset again?” Mary’s voice brought her back to reality. 
Keira immediately shook her head, sighing. “Perhaps after this marriage fiasco, I was a bit shocked and now, I can’t remember some things very clearly…” 
Mary showed a look that said, “See, I knew I guessed right.” She then took Keira by the arm and said, “Not remembering is fine; you’ve always had the habit of keeping a diary, and you’ve written a lot of important things in there.” 
C 
0 
Keira nodded. “I know that.” 
She had read quite a few of Keera’s diaries recently. 
It was through the diaries that she learned about her interactions with Howard and Mary, otherwise, her cover would have been blown long ago.
However, Mary pouted and complained. “Back when we were in school, we could exchange diaries to read each other’s, but you had one with a lock that you 
never let me see.” 
A diary with a lock? 
Keira had never seen this one. 
But she didn’t inquire further, afraid Mary might discover something. 
With this distraction, she forgot to explain further 
about Uncle Olsen’s situation. 
Mary left the amusement park with her, and by the time they drove Keira and Amy home, it had gotten dark. When they arrived at the front door, Mary suddenly clutched her stomach. 
Keira quickly asked, “What’s wrong?” 
410 
Mary looked a bit pale. “My stomach hurts a bit, probably got my period. Let me use your bathroom.” 
Keira nodded. 
Mary got out of the car and entered Keira’s home. The housekeeper had already prepared dinner for them, and she was helping Amy eat. 
When Mary came back, she looked pale.
Keira asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Mary gave a wry smile. “My period is three days late, and my stomach is killing me. 
Π 
Upon hearing this, Keira said, “Aren’t you usually very regular?” 
Mary nodded. “Yeah, my cycle is like clockwork, 28 days each time. I don’t know what’s going on this 
time…” 
Her words stopped there as she suddenly thought about that night she spent with Ellis. Her voice got stuck in her throat, and a look of panic appeared on 
her face! 
Keira saw the state she was in and vaguely guessed something. “I’ll go buy you a pregnancy test kit.” 
0 
Mary looked at her frantically and nodded. 
Half an hour later. 
Both of them were deep in thought as they looked at 
the two lines on the pregnancy test. 
Keira frowned as she looked at Mary.
Mary also looked back at Keira with an expression that was almost on the verge of tears. 
Keira rested her chin on her hand and complained, “Mary, you didn’t even tell me you had a boyfriend.” 
It clearly said in the diary that Keera and Mary had agreed they would tell each other immediately if they started dating! 
Mary’s face turned pale, and she tightly clenche fingers. “I… I didn’t have a boyfriend. This child w 
accident.” 
Keira was stunned. “What?” 
Mary was near tears. “Keera, what… what should I do?” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
How would she know what to do? 
0 
father of the child?” 
Mary immediately bit her lip, and her cheeks flushed. 
Her demeanor didn’t seem angry or panicked, but rather slightly shy. 
Keira immediately guessed something. “Ellis?” 
Mary, frightened, looked up sharply. “How did you
know?” 
Keira was speechless. 
This girl had always been exceedingly shy whenever she mentioned Ellis. It was clear to Keira that it was a case of unrequited love. How could she not see it? 
Keira grimaced, “Mary, what do you plan to do wit this child? Will you tell Ellis? It just so happens he’s married yet…” 
“No,” Mary said firmly. 
Ellis didn’t have a good impression of her, and it 
seemed like telling him would mean she wanted to trap 
him into marriage. 
Her gaze fell. 
Keira then coughed. “Then the child…” 
) 
0 
“I don’t want it.” 
Mary said resolutely, “I’ll make an appointment for an operation tomorrow… Keera, you’ll come with me, won’t you? I’m scared. I don’t want my parents to find 
out.”
“… Okay!” 
Keira respected her friend’s every choice. 
Mary stayed at the villa that night because of her fear. 
Keira put Amy to bed, asked the nanny to stay with her, and then returned to the master bedroom. 
She needed to save the nighttime hours to do some things on her own… 
Moreover, considering what Mary had said that seemed likely that Keera had other secrets. 
While searching in the master bedroom, she sudde heard a noise near the window, and her pupils narrowed. Instantly, she moved to the window. 
Soon after, someone knocked lightly on the window 
and climbed in. 
The moment the person came in, Keira immediately 
0 
went forward and captured his arm in a grip! 
The intruder instinctively tried to fight back. 
But he seemed to realize something and stopped his 
movements.
Keira’s guard was up. 
Was this person here to kill Keera? Or did he have something to do with Keera’s secrets? Was he sent by the “South family”? 
She grabbed the man’s shoulder and, grabbing a tie from nearby, she bound his hands with it. After subduing him from behind, Keira then moved to face 
the intruder. 
And then, she saw a familiar handsome face. 
It was… Lewis?! 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
9
###Chapter 311
Keira was perplexed but quickly rushed to untie the 
person. 
Lewis watched her, a smile lurking in his eyes. “Keera may have kept a low profile from a young age, but indeed, she never learned martial arts. Keira, you’ve given yourself away.” 
Keira untied the tie from the man’s hand, her eyes teasing as she looked at him. “Mr. Horton, I don’t understand what you’re talking about.” 
“Is that so?” 
Lewis moved his wrist and walked over to sit on the 
sofa in the master bedroom, his gaze still fixed on her 
Keira felt somewhat uncomfortable under his scrutiny 
and lowered her head, continuing. “Mr. Horton, isn’t it inappropriate for you to come here so late?” 
Lewis’s eyes drooped, yet a smile crept into them. “Miss South resembles my late wife, and I miss her terribly, so I came for a visit. I hope you don’t mind.” 
Keira said, “Do as you please!” 
1709 
She ignored Lewis and started searching the master bedroom, eager to find the diary Mary mentioned.
However, having lived in this master bedroom for a month, she had never seen it. How could she possibly 
find it now? 
Keira stood in front of the desk, staring pensively.” 
Where would Keera hide a diary? 
She had already looked through the wardrobe, and nothing was there. 
The desk and various drawers were also empty. 
This past month, she hadn’t only been caring for Howard’s mother and diligently cleaning the house every day, but she had also been searching for any information about Keera. 
She wanted to uncover her secrets. 
But she had already cleaned and cleared out everything in the house, looked through Keera’s more mundane diaries, and found nothing out of the ordinary! 
If it hadn’t been for Mary mentioning today that Keera had a locked diary that she never showed to anyone. 
– 
she wouldn’t even know such a thing existed. 
She felt around on the bed and checked under it… still
no clue. 
While she was pondering, the deep voice of Lewis 
suddenly filled the room. “When I was a child and wanted to hide something, I would usually bury it in the ground.” 
Bury it in the ground… 
Keira abruptly turned her head, her gaze landing on the small garden of the villa. 
The villa had its own small yard, and Keera liked to plant flowers, so in a corner of the yard, she kept som different varieties of flowers and a tree… 
Keira abruptly stood up and strode outside. 
Amy and the maid had already gone to bed, as for Mary, she hadn’t come out from the guest room. 
Keira took the garden shears and went to the tree, stepped around arbitrarily, and suddenly noticed that the soil in some area wasn’t as soft, feeling rather hard! 
She immediately started digging with a small shovel. 
After just a few digs, she saw a metal box. 
The box wasn’t large, just the size of a book, and there was no lock on the box. 
Keira dropped the shovel, took out the metal box,
dusted it off, and then opened the box to find a notebook with a floral cover, the kind readily available in stationery stores, lying quietly inside. 
The notebook had a small lock on it, but the key wasn’t 
inside the box. 
Keira fell silent for a moment, reburied the box, then went back upstairs to the bedroom. She was about to close the door when she realized Lewis was right 
behind her. 
Keira almost forgot about that damn man. 
She rolled her eyes and went inside. 
Lewis then said, “The key might be quite difficult to find…” 
Keira couldn’t help but glance at him. “Who said I’m looking for the key?” 
Lewis was taken aback. 
Then he saw Keira take scissors from the side and with a “snip, snip,” cut the notebook free from the locked 
part. 
Lewis was speechless.
After Keira did all of this, she opened the notebook and found everything was intact, finally letting out a sigh of relief. 
But she didn’t look at the things her sister had left behind right away; instead, she turned to Lewis. “Mr. Horton, aren’t you planning to leave? Breaking and entering is a crime, you know.” 
“Is that so?” 
Lewis took a step forward, coming up to her. 
Suddenly, he bent down, lowered his head, and 
embraced her into his arms. 
Keira wanted to struggle, but Lewis said, “If you push me away, that will prove you’re Keira, not Keera because Keera wouldn’t have the guts.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She stopped moving. 
Indeed, if Keera were in her shoes, given the mismatch in their status with Lewis, she would only try to please him, fear him… 
As she was thinking, the man suddenly lowered his head and buried it in the nape of her neck, his breath spraying on her skin, making her itch. She felt as though ants were crawling all over her body, stirring her heart into chaos.
She pushed at Lewis, pretending to be like Keera. “Mr. Horton, don’t do this…” 
But Lewis spoke again. “Don’t do what? Last time at the Oceanion Hotel, you didn’t reject me like this…” 
Keira stiffened. 
Then Lewis reached out and caressed her cheek. “Keira, last time, this is how I undid your clothes…” 
With a tug at her waist, the robe instantly fell to the 
floor. 
Keira’s pupils contracted, and she instinctively covered her body, but Lewis grabbed her arm. “You didn’t 
refuse me last time either…” 
C 
After saying that, he bent down, pressing Keira back, step by step, they reached the bed, and he looked down at her. “You were very cooperative…” 
Keira said nothing. 
The man lowered his head, coming closer, his hot breath making Keira’s heartbeat speed up. 
However, he made no further move and stopped at her neck. “Keira, are you that cruel? Won’t you talk to
His voice was filled with grievance, bewilderment, and incomprehension. 
It was heart-wrenching. 
Keira knew she couldn’t hide it anymore. 
She slowly lowered her gaze 
After a long while, she chuckled softly, pushing Lew away, and put her robe back on. “Even if I do that, wh 
then?” 
When Lewis heard that, he saw her finally admitting it, and he was stunned in place. 
He chuckled softly, but his eyes reddened again. 
He was certain the person before him was his beloved, but as long as Keira refused to admit it, he was filled with dread, afraid that he had mistaken someone else 
for her. 
That was why he kept coming to look for her. 
This past month, he had also watched her from afar countless times.
Watching her play Keera with flawless precision, there were moments when he wondered if he really had mistaken her identity. 
Until this very moment. 
The heart that had been hanging in suspense finally 
settled down. 
It was her… 
It truly was her… 
He was about to say something when he saw Keira’s back turned to him; her gaze was filled with strands of complexity and reluctance. “You couldn’t bear to watch your old flame die, and I couldn’t possibly tolerate you being with other women like some might. Since that’s the case, why are you so persistent about 
8581 
who I really am? We’re still getting a divorce, aren’t 
we?” 
Upon hearing this, Lewis took out the ring from his 
pocket…
R 
9 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 312
Divorce? 
Lewis’s joyful expression stiffened momentarily. 
Then he quickly realized what was going on and couldn’t help but laugh at the absurdity of the 
situation. 
Keira didn’t come back to him because of that? 
His eyes had tears in them, yet he started laughing 
again. 
Stepping forward, he took Keira’s hand with his right hand and led it to touch his left hand. 
Keira frowned and thought this man was shameles 
She had already said they were getting a divorce, and yet he dared to seduce her? 
Just as she was about to pull her hand back, she suddenly touched something cool; she looked down and was stunned. 
Wasn’t this the ring she had sent to that young man? 
The ring was made of jade, its emerald color clearly 
0
indicating it was expensive. How did it end up in Lewis’s possession? 
Furrowing her brows, she heard Lewis begin to speak slowly. 
“When I was a child, I was kidnapped. A four-year-old little girl helped me by feeding the traffickers sleeping pills. She saved me but had to go home to suffer. Crying, she hugged me and asked me to marry her…” 
Upon hearing this, Keira was shocked and looked at 
him. 
Lewis gave a bitter smile. “After I returned home, I searched for her, but the little girl didn’t have a name back then. When I found Madeleine, she remem everything from our childhood clearly and claim was her. I asked her for the ring as a token. She t me she lost it. She was abused by her parents, suff from mental illness, and had been waiting for me to 
save her…” 
Looking earnestly at Keira, Lewis continued. “Later, when I received this ring, I realized I had been blind for years and talking to the wrong person. I never found that little girl. All these years, she’s been 
0 
suffering…” 
Keira’s eyes were filled with tears, and her throat felt choked up. 
Looking at Lewis, she suddenly didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh.
After a long while, she calmed herself down. “When did you receive the ring?” 
Lewis looked at her, “On the day of your accident.” 
Keira looked down. “And yet you still asked me to meet for a divorce! Saying ‘Don’t miss the 2 o’clock 
appointment.” 
Upon hearing this, Lewis quickly stepped forwar embraced her tightly. “Keira, do you know how n regret it?! I just wanted to surprise you, to tell you truth at the courthouse, to tell you I’ll marry no on 
but you in this life, to tell you that you are my lifesav But I never imagined that you would be in an 
? 
accident… Carrying the news that we were to divorce, you had an accident…” 
Since Keira’s accident, he had refused to believe that the victim was her. He couldn’t accept that reality, 
partly because of this. 
0 
He had wanted to give her a surprise but never thought it would leave her departing in pain and 
regret. 
The mere thought of that moment on the boat, when she was suffocating, and she thought he still wanted to divorce her, made his heart ache so much he couldn’t 
breathe!
Until today, until this moment, until now! 
the 
He was still filled with remorse and regret, questioning why he hadn’t just explained everything over phone, why he had to come up with such a messy 
surprise… 
Keira felt the slight tremble of his body and sudde understood his intention. 
She extended her arms and hugged him. 
The response was an intense, shaking kiss… 
The clothes she had just put on slid off once again… 
Both were not good with words, so they could only act, expressing their joy and passion at recognizing each other… 
Time and again… 
47303 
Lewis wished he could meld Keira into his body, wish they could become one and never be apart again… 
The night grew deeper. 
The white sheer curtains were blown by the wind,
swaying, and making the scene inside appear intermittently. 
Even the moon in the sky seemed bashful, hiding behind the clouds, yet it couldn’t help peeking through 
a slit… 
A night of fiery passion… 
A night of unrestrained indulgence… 
Lewis released his repressed longing time and 
again… 
As a result, when Keira woke up the next day, it already ten in the morning. 
She was startled, quickly glanced at the man lying n to her, then immediately jumped out of bed, flung open the bedroom door, and dashed out, only to see Mary playfully texting on the living room couch downstairs. 
The maid was monning the floor. 
15/13 
Ceira exclaimed, “Where’s Amy?” 
Mary grinned teasingly at her and said, “Knew you u wouldn’t be getting up today, so I sent her off to the he arly learning center!”
eira was perplexed. 
s she was puzzling over this, Mary had already heekily leaned in and bluntly said, “Keera, good for ou! I was wondering why you finally agreed to divorce hat scumbag Howard, turns out you’ve got a new lame! Last night was pretty intense…” 
eira’s cheeks immediately turned a burning red. 
‘hinking about the excitement from last night, shelt 
bit embarrassed… 
he hadn’t expected Lewis, who seemed so 
constrained, to have such a variety of…. moves. As sh eaned against the door, she couldn’t hold back and le 
?ut a moan… 
Keira hastily put a stop to the R-rated scenes in her ?rain, trying hard to forget the details of last night. She coughed and said, “Well, I…” 
But Mary cut her off, speaking very seriously. “Keira, 
0 
there’s no need to say anything, I understand. It was Howard who cheated first, so you finding a gigolo is nothing to blame.”
After that, she added, “But in the future, you should still temper it down. We have a long way to go! You don’t want to exhaust him so soon, do you?” 
“Pffft!” 
Keira was drinking water and when she heard the last sentence, she sprayed it out. 
Mary dodged away in disgust, then her phone started to vibrate intensely again. 
Keira drank some water and walked to the kitchen get a sandwich the maid had prepared. As she ate heard Mary click her tongue twice. “Keera, Clance changing!” 
Keira was taken aback. “What do you mean?” 
“Today, news came from the Horton family in Oceanion that they were going to make their presence known in Clance! Turns out they’ve been planning this for a month in Clance. They’re the wealthiest in Oceanion, no less influential than the five major families of Clance. Their arrival might just change the 
0 
landscape in Clance!” 
Lewis’s move to Clance was something he told her about last night. 
He wasn’t leaving. 
Keira didn’t show much reaction and just listened as Mary continued. “I heard that the family head of the Horton family, Lewis, isn’t even thirty yet, and now he’s stepping up to compete on par with the heads of the fiye families. That’s impressive… Though it probably has nothing to do with me.”
After saying that, the door to the master bedroom suddenly opened. 
Lewis was particularly fastidious and a neat frea he wouldn’t wear yesterday’s clothes, so Keira co only find an unworn set of lounge wear that belon to Howard for him. 
Lewis was now wearing a white short-sleeved shirt, and the cotton trousers were a bit short. The man who usually had a strong and steady presence now looked like a college student. 
Upon seeing his face, Mary’s eyes lit up, and she 
sneakily nudged Keira, whispering “Keera vou’ve got 
0 
good taste. Which school is he from? This gigolo is a whole lot better than that scum Howard!” 
Keira was speechless. 
She, too, ogled Lewis along with Mary. 
The man always used to dress sharply in suits, which overshadowed his handsome face, but now, with his hair in disarray, that face was truly stunning. 
Without a word from her, the playful Mary approached him and said, “Young man, you know how to take good care of my sister, right? Do it well, and you might just get to marry into wealth – you could end up on the list of rich wives.” 
Lewis stiffened. 
Mary then asked, “By the way, what’s your nam
R 
9 
###Chapter 313
Lewis instinctively looked toward Keira, asking with his eyes: can I tell her? 
After a night of unreserved conversation, Keira told Lewis about Keera’s cause of death and incidentally mentioned her mother’s situation. 
Lewis had said at the time, “I’ve been helping out with Mrs. Olsen’s issue, but so far, there’s no news.” 
Setting aside the cordial relationship between Lewis and Uncle Olsen, the fact that Mrs. Olsen was Keira’s mother meant that Lewis had always taken the matte seriously. 
However, he hadn’t understood the reasons before, 
but now he did. 
After sharing information, they realized that, given the backgrounds of both the Horton and the Olsen 
families, the fact that they couldn’t find the “South family” indicated just how mysterious the South family actually was. 
The only way to save her mother was to lure the 
0 
snakes out of their hole! 
www
The South family would be in touch with Keera, so Keira couldn’t resume her identity for the moment; she had to continue posing as Keera to entice them to 
make contact. 
Lewis, wanting to avoid his appearance linking Keera with Keira, decided after some thought to conceal his identity and stay by Keira’s side. 
He coughed and was about to conjure up a name or something when Mary laughed. “No way? Keera, have you finally turned things around? Your little boyfriend, he’s really under your thumb, isn’t he? He doesn’t dare utter his name?” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He said nothing. 
Mary didn’t fuss over this and instead felt happy for 
Keira. 
At that moment, her phone buzzed again. 
She glanced down at it, and her brows knitted together, “Damn it!” 
Keira asked casually, “What’s wrong?” 
0 
Mary sighed. “My uncle is really something… Hearing that Lewis came to Clance, he told me to find an opportunity to ‘bump into’ him, to try…”
“Ahem!” 
Keira instinctively glanced at Lewis. 
Mary said indignantly, “Can you believe it? Does he think I can’t get married? He wants me to seduce 
Lewis? I’ve heard he just lost his wife! He’s a widower!!” 
“Pfft!” 
Keira couldn’t help but spit out a mouthful of water again! 
Then she looked at Mary with an expression tha hard to describe… and behind her, Lewis with a similarly indescribable expression. 
Keira coughed. “Well, Mary, Lewis is actually quite a right…” 
Mary huffed. “His background isn’t bad, and marrying him would make someone a family head’s wife, on par with the top five families, but what if this Lewis is old and ugly? He’s almost thirty… However, I’m not 
interested in him. As for those unmarried girls in 
11: 
0 
Clance, who knows!” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She coughed and pointed at Lewis. “What do
of him?” 
you think 
Mary said, “Of course, he’s a cute little puppy. Looks as 
if he’s just in his early twenties, right?” 
Lewis, who was “in his early twenties,” had by now gone completely expressionless. 
Struggling to keep a straight face, Keira said, “Alright, aren’t we supposed to go to the hospital? I’ll change my clothes and be right there!” 
Hearing that, Mary was slightly startled and nodd 
Keira then went inside. 
Lewis followed her like a little tail. 
At that moment, he was severely lacking in a sense of security, worried that in the blink of an eye, Keira might disappear again… 
Seeing him like this, Keira couldn’t help but say, “Can you stop following me?” 
Lewis said, “You’re in a dangerous situation right now. 
0 
I get worried if I don’t follow you.” 
In fact, he had secretly been following her for a month!
Keira, feeling helpless, said, “But with what identity will 
you 
follow me around? If someone recognizes you, it’s easy to link me with Keira.” 
Lewis looked down. “Shall I be your bodyguard?” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She turned around, wrapped her arm around his neck, leaned in close, and whispered, “Just now, Mary said, 
many women in Clance are eyeing you… Are you sure about being a bodyguard for a twice-married woman with a child?” 
Lewis immediately tightened his embrace arou waist and said outright, “As your friend said, I’m old and ugly widower, a perfect match for you!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She said in resignation, “Then suit yourself, but still be careful not to reveal your identity.” 
“Okay.” 
0 
Keira changed her clothes and handed a black cap to 
Lewis.
Lewis, wearing a white T-shirt and white cotton pants, topped off with the black cap, radiated a youthful vibe that made Keira feel refreshed. 
When they left and were going downstairs, Mary came 
up to them. “What’s going on? Can’t bear to part?” 
Keira coughed and said, “He wants to be our driver.” 
“That’s fine then.” 
Mary tossed her car keys to Lewis and then took a seat in the back with Keira. 
On the way to the hospital, Mary started looking up information online. “Keera, it seems that aborting a baby requires at least 42 days into pregnancy…” 
1 
Keira said, “For medication abortion, there shouldn’t be a time limit, I think.” 
“Really?” 
Mary continued. “Do you think the baby feels anything right now? Would it hurt if I had an abortion?” 
Keira said, “It shouldn’t because it’s only a fertilized 
6710 
egg at this point.” 
Mary didn’t know what to say.
She couldn’t help looking at Keira. “Keera, how come you’re not persuading me to keep the baby?” 
Keira smiled, looking straight at her. “Do you want to keep it?” 
“Of course not.” 
“Then there’s nothing to persuade. Don’t be afraid, I’ve heard from people that an abortion is quick. Just lie down and sleep, and when you wake up, the baby will be gone.” 
Mary fell silent. 
Although Keira knew Mary was reluctant to go thro with it, she still deliberately said those words becaus she understood the more she spoke like that, the harder it would be for Mary to let go. 
Sure enough, when they reached the hospital entrance, Mary stared at the sign and couldn’t bring herself to step inside. 
Outside the obstetrics and gynecology department of the hospital. 
7:10 
Keira helped Mary get a number and then waited with her on a bench for their number to be called. 
Mary was very nervous, her palms sweating. 
Outside the hospital. 
When Ellis walked out of the hospital, he happened to see Lewis and was surprised, “Lewis? It really is you! What are you doing dressed like that, and here of all places?!”
Lewis lazily looked up at him. 
The listless expression on his face was swept away. “And what brings you here?” 
Ellis replied, “A friend of mine is sick, so I came to visit… What are you doing at an obstetrics and gynecology hospital? Is it…” 
His gaze swept over Lewis’s groin. “You have some kind of hidden condition?” 
Lewis was speechless. 
Watching Ellis’s smug expression, remembering when he had come to offer a few words of sympathy during his own moments of deep sorrow, and then thinking of 
Marv on her way to get an abortion… 
0 
From the snippets of conversations between Mary and Keira, he had figured out that the child was likely 
Ellis’s. 
And here was this guy, leisurely enjoying the show… 
Lewis suddenly took on a teasing smile. “I don’t need to prove anything to you, but I think you should be more concerned about yourself.” 
Ellis immediately jumped. “Concerned about myself for what? I’m absolutely fine!”
“Really?” 
Lewis smiled. “I just thought I saw Miss Mary Davis heading upstairs to the obstetrics and gynecology department…” 
Ellis was suddenly taken aback. “What?!” 
R 
###Chapter 314
Obstetrics and Gynecology Department. 
1 
Mary’s hands and feet were sweating coldly, her gaze fixed on the diagnostic room in front of her. 
Keira didn’t comfort her, just gave her enough space. 
“Number 13, Mary Davis. Has Mary Davis arrived?” 
The nurse suddenly called out her name, startling Mary, who jumped to her feet. “I’m here!” 
Mary followed behind the nurse and looked back at 
Keira. 
Keira gave her an encouraging look. “Go on!” 
Mary swallowed hard and followed the nurse into the 
room. 
After a series of tests and examinations, it was 
confirmed that Mary was pregnant. The doctor asked, “Are you sure you don’t want it?” 
Mary clenched her jaw and tightened her fingers, and after a moment, she nodded 
The doctor said, “I really can’t understand you young
people. These days, many people can’t even have children… Are you sure you don’t want it? Well, I’ll write you an order for a CT scan. Once you’ve been scanned, the child will be exposed to radiation, and you can’t keep it.” 
Mary nodded again. 
The doctor wrote up the paperwork, scheduled the surgery, and then let Mary out. 
Keira immediately stayed by her side. “What’s next?” 
The two followed the nurse to the CT room, handed over the paperwork, and waited to be called. 
Most people here were there for an abortion. 
Most of them were couples, some were with frien and there was even a girl brought by her parents. was sobbing, with both parents wearing masks, feel 
ashamed. 
Seeing this, Mary grasped Keira’s hand even tighter. “Keera, do I really not want this child?” 
Seeing her scared like this, Keira sighed. “Mary, you already know the answer, don’t you?” 
Mary was taken aback. 
Keira looked at her, “From leaving the house today to coming here, you’ve said many times that you don’t want an abortion, it’s just that you might not have noticed.” 
Mary’s jaw tightened. 
Keira looked at her, “Mary, I’m your friend, and it’s up to you to make the decision. Whatever choice you make, I’ll support you!” 
Mary’s fingers tightened even more, just as someone came out of the CT room and called for her. “Mary Davis, is Mary here?” 
Keira looked at her. 
Mary stood there, hesitating 
“Is Mary Davis here?” 
The nurse called out again. “If not, it’s the next 
person’s turn…” 
That prompted Mary to blurt out suddenly, “I’m here!” 
She stood up again and strode toward the CT room. 
She felt she had thought things through very clearly. 
Ellis didn’t like her, and the child would have no father 
if it were born. It would even tie her down, not to 
mention that her uncle also wanted to use her for an arranged marriage… 
She strode into the CT room. 
The nurse pointed to two isolation bags and said, “When the door is closed and the machine turns on, the radiation will hit the child, so put on this vest to protect your chest and back! 
Mary looked at the vest, asking, “Is this to prevent other organs from being exposed to radiation?” 
“That’s right.” 
The nurse said, “You shouldn’t have this kind of CT scan more than twice a year. A baby that’s been 
scanned definitely can’t be born. Alright, don’t waste time. Put it on and lie down! 
Yet Mary’s hand rested on her lower abdomen as she reached out to pick up the isolation vest… 
Keira was waiting outside. 
She really didn’t know what Mary would choose. 
But whatever the choice, she expressed her 
understanding. 
49 
With Mary’s complicated family situation, if she were to become pregnant before marriage… It would be fine if Ellis took responsibility, but if he didn’t, she would become the laughingstock of Clance. 
At that time, she might have to leave Clance to give herself and her child a better life. 
Not having the child would be the best for her personally. 
Of course, Keira was strong-willed and didn’t care about what others said, so if this situation fell on her, she would simply rely on her own feelings to decide whether to keep it or not. 
But not everyone was her. 
Keira didn’t dwell on it any further, instead, she was reminded of Keera’s diary at home. 
Last night, Lewis was causing a fuss, and she hadn’t yet seen the contents of that diary; she had no idea what it might contain… She definitely couldn’t mess around tonight; serious matters called for serious attention. 
As she was thinking, the door of the CT room opened, and Mary walked out with red eyes. 
Keira immediately went up to her. “Did you finish the CT that quickly?”
But Mary shook her head, “Keera, I’ve decided to keep the baby.” 
Keira was taken aback. 
Even though she had anticipated it, when Mary actually made that decision, she couldn’t help but silently sigh for her. 
She nodded. “Okay, then I’ll be the child’s godmother.” 
Mary nodded, and then she said, somewhat anxiously, “Keeping the baby will be a bit troublesome. First of all, I still don’t know how to tell my parents…” 
Mary walked out with determination, continuing discuss what needed to be done to keep the baby. “Should I just find some man to pretend to be my boyfriend? Actually, it might also help me avoid being used by my uncle for blind dates… and prevent me from having to seduce that Lewis.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She paused for a moment, then suddenly said, “Have you considered telling the baby’s father?” 
11.22 
Mary was slightly startled. 
She then looked down. 
When she discovered she was pregnant, her first reaction was to call Ellis.
After all, Ellis was the baby’s dad and had the right to 
know. 
But as she picked up the phone, she ultimately chose to put it down, because she didn’t know how Ellis would react after hearing the news. 
She liked Ellis. 
She understood that Ellis was a responsible man, which was why she didn’t want to use the child to 
him down… 
As she wavered, Keira suddenly said, “Sometimes misunderstandings are a result of us being presumptuous. If you don’t speak up about certain things, how would you know what he’s thinking?” 
Mary was startled. 
Keira went on. “Is there a possibility that Ellis might just have feelings for you too?” 
Mary’s fingers tightened slightly. 
While they were talking, a familiar voice suddenly rang out. “Mary? What are you doing here?!” 
Both turned their heads to see Ellis striding toward them with his assistant. 
There was an urgency on his face that he himself hadn’t noticed, his gaze swept behind her. “Are you not feeling well? Or is there something else? Do you need me to find a specialist for you?” 
Mary paused slightly.
She suddenly looked at Keira. 
Keira gave her an encouraging nod. 
Seeing this, Mary felt as if she had found her backbone. 
Yes, how could she possibly know the truth without asking? 
She suddenly turned to Ellis and stated, “I’m not sick; I’m pregnant.” 
###Chapter 315
Mary, upon hearing this, felt as if she had found her anchor. 
Indeed, how could the truth be known without asking? 
She suddenly looked at Ellis and said, “I’m not sick. I’m pregnant.” 
Π 
The corridor suddenly fell silent. 
After Mary said those words, her heart began to pound wildly, but the weight that had been pressing on her chest seemed to vanish. 
Keera was right… 
The child wasn’t just hers alone; she shouldn’t be the only one to decide its fate. 
She quietly watched Ellis. 
But she saw Ellis was already stunned. 
After he heard her words, his gaze fell on her 
abdomen. 
315
pter 
The indoor heating was turned up high, and Mary had taken off her coat. Underneath, the sweater she wore clung to her slender figure; her waist and abdomen 
were thin, and there were no visible signs of 
pregnancy. 
Ellis’s gaze then returned to Mary’s face. 
The concern on his face gradually receded, turning icy 
cold. 
After a moment, he scoffed. “Then?” 
Mary hadn’t expected this reaction, and she was taken aback for a moment. She was about to speak when she heard Ellis scoff. “You wouldn’t say that the child is 
mine, would you?” 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
She knew her previous actions might have led to a misunderstanding, and she decided to clarify everything at once, “That day, it was my first time… Ellis, I have no other men.” 
She looked at him seriously and said earnestly. 
But what responded to her was Ellis’s sneer. “Mary, do think I’ll believe you just because you said so?” 
you
Mary tightened her jaw. “What I’m saying is true, this 
child…” 
“Shut your mouth!” 
Ellis interrupted her sharply with a shout. 
Keira hadn’t expected this situation either. 
Ellis was usually lively but took things seriously and responsibly. However, his face was now extremely ugly, and he exuded a cold aura. 
Fearful that Mary might be hurt, she stepped forward and looked at Ellis, “Ellis, what is the meaning of this? You don’t want to take responsibility?!” 
Ellis was still rather polite to Keira, “If the child isn’t mine, why should I take responsibility? Looking for a scapegoat? Or do you think I’m an easy mark?” 
By now, Mary’s eyes were wide open. 
She looked at Ellis in disbelief… 
What she said before, about it not being her first time, about playing wild, was all said in anger at Ellis. She thought that if she just explained herself clearly, he would trust her…
But she hadn’t expected it to turn out like this! What did Ellis take her for? An uppity escort?! 
She clenched her fists tightly, her whole body trembling with anger, and even a flash of despair crossed her eyes. 
She shouldn’t have had any illusions about Ellis… 
Keira, however, furrowed her brows, sensing that something was amiss. 
Ellis had just rushed up to find Mary, which clearly wasn’t a chance encounter, showing his concern for her. Then why was this situation unfolding? 
She suddenly realized something and turned to Ellis ask, “What are you doing at the maternity hospital?” 
Ellis’s complexion turned ashen, and he found it somewhat hard to speak. 
But Keira continued to step forward and pressed, “Why did you swear that the child wasn’t yours?” 
Ellis let out a cold laugh and said, “Because I will never be able to have children in this lifetime!” 
At that statement, both Keira and Mary were 
11.22 
4.9 
dumbfounded, their gazes inadvertently shifting to Ellis’s crotch…
Ellis suddenly felt uncomfortable in a particular area. He shifted his body and said angrily and 
embarrassedly, “What are you thinking about?! Mary knows whether I am capable or not, doesn’t she?” 
Mary was speechless. 
Actually, he was quite capable; that day, he almost disassembled her skeleton. 
Seeing their reactions, Keira asked, “Then why do you say you will never have your own children in this lifetime?” 
Ellis’s face turned red. 
Yet after glancing at Mary, he took a deep breath and said with a sneer, “As you both know, I like horseback riding, right?” 
Keira nodded. 
Ellis coughed, “I’ve spent a bit too much time 
horseback riding, which affected my reproductive bag. The doctor said my, um, viability is very low…”. 
Keira fell silent. 
She understood. 
Ellis’s function down there was fine, but he had oligospermia. 
No wonder he, a man, was frequenting a gynecology and obstetrics hospital to seek treatment!
She asked directly, “Low viability means there is still some chance. Did the doctor say it was absolutely impossible for you to have children?” 
Ellis scoffed. “Of course not, 
If there was no hope left, why would he keep coming to see the doctor? He would have given up long ago. 
Now at twenty-eight, Ellis remained unmarried, and his family wasn’t in a hurry to find him a wife-this 
issue was the reason. 
But personally, he took it easy. For families like his, having children or not was immaterial. His uncle didn’t have any children either, did he? And he was living a good life regardless. 
Oh, no, that’s wrong. His uncle did have children… two of them. 
Ellis suddenly realized that this fact didn’t comfort him 
at all, and he felt a lump in his heart. 
He turned to Mary with a mocking tone. “So, if you want to deliberately provoke someone, don’t choose me! I know you’re desperate to get married, but go find your child’s father, and don’t pin it on me!” 
Having said that, he felt an inexplicable irritability..
When he’d heard from Lewis that Mary wasn’t in good health, he worried that he was too vigorous that night and had caused her to develop some illness, which was why he had rushed here to see her. 
As it turned out, Mary wanted him to be delighted to 
be a dad?! 
He used to think Mary wasn’t bad looking… 
Right now, Mary’s face was white as a sheet as she tried to explain. “But you’re the only man I’ve been with, so the child is yours… Even if the probability is low, there’s still a chance, isn’t there?” 
Ellis looked at her mockingly. “Yeah, maybe if we do it a hundred times, you might conceive once, and you hit the jackpot on the first try? I must be really amazing 
then!” 
70 
His words were full of distrust and sarcasm. 
Mary clenched her fists in anger. 
She stared at Ellis, wanting to say something, but found herself at a loss for words, her eyes brimming 
with tears.
Keira furrowed her brows and looked directly at Ellis. “Ellis, considering your condition, I advise you to be more cautious. After all, your child would be a one-percent possibility! If Mary doesn’t want this child, you’ll lose another chance to have kids!” 
Ellis scoffed. “Oh, you’re trying to scare me? I am so scared. Mary, I never imagined you could be this kind of woman! If you are so certain that it’s my child, fine, let’s go and do a DNA test!” 
Mary was trembling with fury. “Fine! Let’s do it! Don’t you regret it later!” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
###Chapter 316
Keira couldn’t help but touch her forehead upon seeing the situation. 
She had no choice but to follow Mary and Ellis to seek out the specialist who was treating Ellis’s condition. 
Ellis said, “Doctor, I want to do DNA verification with the child in her womb!” 
The specialist picked up Mary’s test results and, upon seeing that the so-called child was only three weeks in size, his mouth twitched, “Mr. Ellis, it might not be possible at the moment.” 
Ellis was taken aback. “What do you mean ‘not 
possible”?” 
The expert explained. “Right now it’s just an embryo, and it’s impossible to extract. Only after three months can we perform amniocentesis to extract the child’s DNA and compare it with yours. Of course, there is another way right now…” 
“What way?” 
The expert coughed. “That would be an abortion, 
where we keep the cells for comparison with yours, but certainly, the child wouldn’t survive.” 
Ellis paused for a moment.
Just as he was about to say something, he heard Mary speak, “I want this child.” 
After the morning’s twists and turns, which continued as she entered the CT room, Mary had already made up her mind to keep the child. 
How could she possibly not want it just to prove something to Ellis? 
Ellis was still hesitating. If Mary was willing to have the surgery, then maybe this child could indeed be his, now that she said this… 
Ellis snorted. “You want to drag this out for three months? What, do you want to take advantage of me and the Olsen family again for your gain?” 
Mary clenched her fists and looked at him. “Ellis, no matter what, the truth will be clear in three months.” 
With that, she turned around, grabbed Keira’s wrist, and said, “Let’s go!” 
Keira gave Ellis a glare and followed Mary out of the 
office. 
Mary’s eyes were already red as they went straight to the parking lot and got into the car. 
Lewis was waiting for them in the driver’s seat. He raised an eyebrow upon seeing this but, being a man of few words, he didn’t ask anything and just started the 
car.
“Keera, please take me home.” 
Mary looked out of the window with a desolate expression on her face. 
She felt that her years of unrequited love had led to such hurt, and it made her a little sad. 
Now, she just wanted to go back to her room and 
away. 
Keira nodded and set up the GPS for Lewis. 
Then she took Mary’s hand and, finding words of comfort difficult, could only say, “Mary, in three months, we’ll bring out the DNA proof and smack him 
in the face!” 
Mary let out a low chuckle and didn’t speak, her eyes carrying a sense of self-mockery. 
32 
Actually, now that she had calmed down, she felt she couldn’t blame Ellis entirely for this… 
Indeed, after years of living in destitution and striving to maintain the pride she had since childhood, making sure her parents could live with more dignity, she climbed up the ranks with all her might. 
She had secured many partnerships for Davis Corporation, often negotiated over the dinner table. 
Her reputation outside was never good.
That was why she was misunderstood as a gold-digger and someone who would deliberately provoke others… Even Ellis would say she wanted to use him to get something from the Davis family… 
The car soon arrived at the Davis family home. 
Mary didn’t say much. She got out of the car and instructed Lewis to drive away, facing Keira’s concerned gaze with just a shake of her head. 
Keira didn’t say more, and after they left, Mary entered 
the house. 
As soon as she stepped in, she saw her parents sitting in the living room, laughing happily. When they saw 
Mary, her father stood up right away. “Mary, you’ve really done us proud this time! Your uncle just apologized to your mother and me, saying they’ve wronged us over these years…” 
Mary smiled at him. 
Her father continued. “But your uncle said he sent you a message, and you didn’t reply?” 
Mary was taken aback. 
Her father went on. “Mary, what your uncle says makes sense. You’re so beautiful. I don’t know why Mr. Ellis hasn’t taken a shine to you, but if you can make Lewis fall for you, then you’ll be the family head’s wife on day! Your uncle said that then, you could have your grandparents buried together!”
Hearing this, Mary looked at her grandmother, who also smiled upon hearing this. 
But Mary just felt cold inside. 
After the division of their family, their treatment had deteriorated, and Mary’s parents had always pushed her to work hard, to make something of herself… At first, she was told to behave well when she went on a blind date with Ellis, and now they were agreeing with 
11.22 
her uncle, telling her to seduce Lewis. 
Even her parents and grandmother thought she should use her face for something, and indeed, over the years, they had made her do a few things… 
So, what right did she have to blame Ellis for looking down on her… 
Mary suddenly let out a snort of laughter. 
She looked at her father and said, “Dad, even if I ‘m just a tool for an arranged marriage, shouldn’t you at least leave me some dignity?” 
Her father was startled. 
Mary then slowly said, “As for Lewis, I won’t go.” 
Her voice was resolute as she went straight into the 
bedroom.
Before, she lived for her family. 
From today onward, she would live for herself and her 
child! 
Ellis also returned to the Olsen family. 
His fono una grim and the aggistant following him 
1602 
didn’t even dare to breathe too loudly, yet he sensed that his boss was inexplicably angry. 
In all these years, there had been no shortage of women who deliberately provoked him; why had he never seen his boss this angry before? 
Miss Mary Davis must be different to his boss, right? 
With this thought, the two entered the room and saw that Christina, who was already married off, had returned home. At the moment, she was complaining to Ellis’ parents, “I’ve never seen someone so barbaric. I only said a few words about her child, and she slapped me right across the face!” 
Mr. Olsen furrowed his brows upon hearing this, “Doesn’t she know who you are? How dare she hit y 
like that!”
Christina responded, “Yes, I specifically made my identity known, thinking that no one would dare disrespect the Olsen family and hoped to downplay this incident. Who knew that after hearing it, she became even more arrogant!” 
Mary’s mother then said, “Did you find out which family she’s from?” 
419 
Ellis, listening to their conversation, found it all annoying. 
He couldn’t even bother to talk more to them and was about to go upstairs when he heard Christina saying, “I found out. It’s Mary from the Davis family, her attitude was so arrogant…” 
Mary’s mother was surprised. “I remember that girl. She’s particularly pretty. She has a child?” 
Ellis paused mid-step. 
Then heard Christina continue, “The child isn’t hers; it’s her close friend’s. Her friend’s name is Keera. I inquired about her, and it seems she has business dealings with our Olsen family…” 
Mr. Olsen immediately slapped the table in anger, sneering. “Then what’s the point of continuing the cooperation? Cancel it! You’re the daughter of the Olsen family, and she dares to treat you like that?!” 
Mary’s mother also frowned. “One should never hit the face when striking blows, and why should a dispute between children escalate to one involving adults? What kind of background does this Keera have that 
she thinks she can behave like that in Clance? I’ll have 
11.22
89 
your older brother drive her out!” 
Mr. Olsen nodded, “Even though you are not our biological child, we have no daughters in our family, and you were raised in luxury as our child, how can you be treated like this?!” 
As he finished speaking, he just happened to see Ellis and immediately waved his hand, calling out, “Ellis, come and defend your sister!” 
Ellis came downstairs with a cold face, letting out a sneer. “That, I’m afraid, is not possible.” 
Mary’s father was startled. “Why?” 
1 
View All 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
9 
> 
图
###Chapter 317
Mr. Olsen frowned, unable to understand. He asked, “Your sister has been wronged. You can’t just ignore it, can you?” a 
Ellis’ mother hurriedly said, “Is it because you are too busy? Recently, Ellis has been helping Sam manage the company… Let’s not distract him…” 
Mr. Olsen nodded, and then he said, “That young Miss Davis is from the Davis family, and we have to show the Davis family some respect and let it be. But the one called Keera, she’s too arrogant. She must pay a price 
for this!” 
Christina’s face lit up when she heard this. 
She was about to say something when Ellis said, “You are not to touch Keera!” 
These words brought a moment of silence to the room. 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen looked at him, puzzled. 
Christina was also taken aback and carefully asked, “Ellis, is it because of Mary? Do you really have feelings 
for her?” 
Ellis was now feeling irritated whenever he heard the 
name Mary. 
He scoffed coldly, tugged at his tie, and then said, “No.” 
The fact that Keera was Uncle Olsen’s daughter was something he hadn’t yet told Uncle Olsen. What if Uncle Olsen didn’t want to acknowledge his daughter? 
Ellis didn’t give a reason and simply issued an order. 
Because Mary was mentioned, he didn’t bother to say more to them and went straight upstairs. 
Ellis, as the successor to the head of the Olsen family, naturally held a different status at home, and his presence made the three of them fall silent for a moment. 
It wasn’t until he disappeared into the corridor that his parents came back to their senses. 
Ellis’ mother immediately said, “Ellis’ mood seems off today… Christina, what were you saying about Mary just now? Could Ellis really have taken a fancy to that girl?” 
She seemed a bit excited. “Ellis has been so clueless 
when it comes to relationships all these years, and he’s almost 28 now. If he really has taken a liking to her, we need to prepare and let them get married quickly…”
Upon hearing this, Mr. Olsen immediately nodded. “That Mary girl is quite pretty, even though her reputation isn’t too good, but as for the young people’s affairs, we should respect them…” 
As the two talked and laughed, Christina’s face gradually darkened. 
She clenched her fists tightly. “Dad, Mom, that Keera…” 
Ellis’ mother immediately interrupted her. “Christina, since there’s a relationship between Mary and your brother, and Keera is Mary’s close friend, there might be some misunderstanding. Let’s listen to your br and just let it go this time.” 
Christina tightened her jaw. 
Mr. Olsen also looked at her. “Yes, your big brother’s marriage is more important. The conflict between you young girls shouldn’t be blown out of proportion… Let’s just let bygones be bygones!” 
Ellis’ mother stood up. “Hey, I wonder if I can prepare 
||| 
that heirloom bracelet a bit earlier? Where did I put it? Dear, come help me look for it…” 
Mr. Olsen followed her lead, gesturing to Christina. “Christina, stay for dinner before going back… Honey, what do you think? How much dowry should we give to that Davis girl?” 
The two of them chatted as they went upstairs, looking
excited. 
Christina watched them leave, her eyes revealing a hint 
of malice. 
Look at that… 
After all, she’s an adopted daughter, not their own flesh and blood. She was beaten, yet her parents chose to let her yield! 
And they never call her Tina or some other nickname. Every time they addressed her, it was always 
Christina… 
Christina, Christina… It annoyed her so much! 
Would she be treated this way if she were their 
biological daughter? 
Furious, Christina turned and left the house. 
As soon as she reached the car, an assistant came up to her with a file. “Miss, here is Keera’s information… 
She has kept a low profile for so many years without many friends.”
Upon hearing this, Christina narrowed her eyes. 
She couldn’t touch Mary, but when it came to Keera, Christina had to regain her footing there. 
Otherwise, if word got out, how could she, the heiress, maintain her position in the Olsen family? Would just anyone be able to bully her? 
Christina carefully examined Keera’s personal information. Indeed, there was no blackmail mater 
on her. Suddenly, she saw something and a cold sm appeared on her face. 
Keira had just arrived at the South family villa. 
Lewis parked the car, and both of them got out. As they approached the entrance, they saw Lewis’s assistant holding a suitcase, standing at the door. 
Keira was slightly taken aback and looked at Lewis. 
“Are you going on a business trip?” 
“No,” came the deep, light reply from Lewis. 
Keira then asked, “Then what is this…” 
The assistant handed the suitcase to Lewis. “Mr. Horton, I’ve packed your daily necessities.” 
Lewis nodded, picked up the suitcase, and entered the villa.
Keira finally understood his intention and, with a mix of laughter and tears, followed him inside. “Hold on, are you seriously planning to live here from now on?” 
“Yes,” Lewis answered without hesitation. 
Keira shook her head ruefully and saw the housekeeper come out, looking at her with an indescribable expression. “Miss South…” 
Keira raised an eyebrow. “What is it?” 
The maid glanced upstairs. Before she could speak, Lewis’s assistant blurted out, “Mr. Horton, as per your 
instructions, I’ve already changed the master 
bedroom’s bed and bedding to brand new ones.” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She looked at Lewis doubtfully and heard the man explain lightly, “I don’t want to sleep in a bed that others have slept in.” 
Keira immediately understood. 
That was the bed Keera and Howard had shared. She too hadn’t been comfortable sleeping in it when she first arrived.
At that time, it hadn’t been convenient for her to make changes, so she just replaced it with a brand- new set of linens. This man, on the other hand, was more decisive. He switched out the entire bed. 
Keira and Lewis went upstairs to the bedroom to lo at the bed, and Lewis opened the suitcase and starte putting his things away in the closet. 
As he organized his clothes, he disdainfully threw out the garments that Howard had not worn, which were in the closet, and instructed his assistant, “Trash 
should stay in the trashcan.” 
Keira remained silent. 
When she divorced Howard, she’d already packed up 
and thrown out all of Howard’s belongings. The items here were just some unused men’s daily necessities… Could this man truly not even tolerate that? 
Keira shook her head. She found his behavior of marking territory childish but didn’t stop him. 
It was quite an accomplishment that Lewis had restrained himself from coming to see her for a month and hadn’t disrupted her plans. 
She let Lewis do as he pleased with the master bedroom; even if he tore it down and remodeled it, it would be fine. She could live in the study.
She picked up the diary she’d found under the tree yesterday and began to read through it. 
Upon seeing the contents on the first page, Keira’s pupils constricted! 
Indeed, this notebook contained Keera’s secrets! 
The date on the first page was from ten years ago, and 
the content read…. 
###Chapter 318
Keera’s diary wasn’t filled with many entries. 
Each sentence was loaded with copious amounts of information. 
Keira started from the first page, dating back ten years 
ago. 
“With how foolish I must have seemed, I must have been abandoned by them, right? Actually, living here peacefully with my foster parents, far away from their terrifying world, is quite nice, isn’t it?” 
Then, seven years ago. 
“Today, I went to Oceanion for a trip and saw a girl working her way through school who looked exactly like me. Her name is Keira, my biological younger sister. So, they aren’t my biological parents after all, no wonder they abandoned me so easily when they saw I 
was of no use…” 
And then from five years ago. 
“I finally uncovered the truth. It turns out that Mom had escaped from them… I can’t let them discover my 
11: 
sister and mom. They’ll kill my sister and take Mom away!” 
When Keira read this, she felt a chill run down her 
spine. 
Her mother was taken away, and the “younger sister” indeed was killed! 
She gradually sat up straight, her facial expression turning solemn and tense. 
It continued with an entry from three years ago. 
“It turns out they never truly gave up on me, still issuing me their first command. How ridiculous! They want me to use the most important person in my life…” 
Reading this, Keira thought of what Mary had once 
said. 
“Keera, didn’t you say you couldn’t even complete their first task? You said the first task involved someone 
very important to you, so you refused… The most important person in your life must be Howard because it’s definitely not me.” 
Mary’s shy and jealous voice seemed to linger in Keira’s ears, but in the next moment, she saw the 
579 
<
contents of Keera’s diary. 
“…How could I possibly use Mary? She has been my only friend since childhood! I would rather never contact her again than drag her into this mess!” 
Keira was stunned. 
For some reason, there were tears in her eyes. 
Ever since she disguised herself as Keera, she always felt that Keera was very unfair to Mary, thinking that Keera was so infatuated that she blocked her best 
friend for a guy… 
But that wasn’t true! 
Keera had never betrayed her friendship with Mary. 
A warm surge rose in her heart, and she gripped the diary a bit more tightly. 
Thinking of that sister she had only met once, and the tenderness and timidity in her eyes when she had seen 
her… 
It turns out her sister had such resilience in her bones! 
Keira closed her eyes, pushing back the tears, before continuing to read. 
The diary entry from three years ago. 
“I know Howard is using me, and his feelings aren’t sincere, but only by choosing him would they really think my weakness is incurable, right? Only this way can I truly escape from them… Being weak and useless has always been my camouflage; if I want a peaceful life, I cannot show any competence…” 
Keera’s marriage to Howard, was it all just a front? 
There was never any infatuation… 
Keira continued reading and reached the diary from 
two years ago. 
“I couldn’t help myself and went to Oceanion today, and I saw my sister again. Although her life is hard and she hasn’t recognized our mother, at least she’s safe, isn’t she? I just want my sister to live well, so I impersonated her and helped her get married to Lewis Horton. With the protection of the Horton family, even if one day my identity is revealed, she would have the means to fight back.” 
Then, a year ago, something must have happened to Keera, as the notes in the diary were very sloppy, written in a state of extreme fear. 
49 
“I was wrong. My knowledge of them was too superficial… They are everywhere! They are inescapable! Sooner or later, they’ll find my sister; I don’t know if the Horton family’s power can protect
her… I won’t go to Oceanion again; I can’t drag my sister and mother into this!” 
And then, from six months ago. 
“I feel so sad. They made me complete another task, and only after finishing the first task will they issue the second one. I don’t want life to be like clearing levels in a game, overcoming one after another, just to become one of them in the end to return to their ranks. I don’t want to drag my best friend into this and to let Amy experience the life I’ve lived from childho I should be a loser! Therefore, I pushed away my only friend and blocked all her means of contact, somethin I should have done four years ago when they asked me to use her. Mary, do you hate me? Will you forget me?” 
Then, from two months ago. 
“Sister, do not get divorced! Do not get divorced!” 
5191 
There wasn’t much content in the diary. 
Just by looking at these things, Keira couldn’t speculate what exactly Keera had gone through, but 
she still understood that all of Keera’s cowardice was a disguise. 
She was trying hard to protect everyone with her frail body. 
If it weren’t for her impending divorce from Lewis, Keera might not have gone to Oceanion to find her, wouldn’t have attracted those people’s attention, and their mother wouldn’t have been taken away…
Keira clenched the diary tightly. 
Who exactly were they, and what exactly were they doing? Why did they send Keera here… 
She had found a way to draw their attention, to have 
them come to her – that was to break Keera’s 
cowardice! 
Show them that Keera existed, that Keera was no longer a pawn… 
Then she could trace back the clues and rescue her mother. 
175 
Keira narrowed her eyes, tapping her fingers lightly on the tabletop. After a while, she locked the diary in the drawer and fell into deep thought. 
After an uncertain amount of time, there was a knocking at the door. 
She turned her head and saw Lewis standing there; looking at her with a profound gaze. 
He was always of few words and now, sensing something off about her mood, he walked over and 
asked in a low voice, “Isn’t it time to pick up Amy from school?” 
Keira glanced at the time, and without realizing it, it was already four in the afternoon.
She stood up. “Okay, let’s go! 
For now, her guilt toward her sister could only be made up for through Amy. 
Lewis changed into casual sportswear, which made him look completely different from his usual business suits. He drove the car, and soon he and Keira arrived at the daycare. 
Amy was only two years old and was attending an 
79 
early education class. 
Normally, school ended at half past four, but after all the two-year-olds were picked up by their parents, Amy was nowhere to be seen. 
As Keira was wondering, Amy came out crying, pushed by a teacher. 
The teacher said impatiently, “Hurry up!” 
Amy trembled and continued to cry silently. 
Seeing this, Keira’s anger surged up instantly. 
The teacher, upon seeing Keira, didn’t show any guilt; instead, she stated with a dark expression. “You’re Amy’s parent, right? Take your child home now, and don’t send her back tomorrow! She has been expelled from the school!”
A 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
###Chapter 319
After finishing these words, the teacher pushed Amy forcefully. 
The tiny figure stumbled and was about to fall. 
Keira hurried forward a step and picked up Amy, gently patting her back to soothe her. “Amy, don’t cry, don’t 
cry…” 
Amy clung to her neck. “Mommy, Amy is obedient, Amy is good. Did Amy do something wrong? Amy can apologize; Amy wants to go to school…” 
The child’s words made Keira’s heart ache. 
She looked directly at the teacher. “I need you to explain this to me!” 
Upon hearing this, the teacher glanced at the people around her and scoffed with a sneer. “Explain what? She’s been crying in school, disrupting the other children’s classes. I told her not to come tomorrow. Is 
there a problem?” 
Keira then asked, “Why is the child crying?” 
When Amy was mistreated by Howard’s mother, she 
18
was too scared to cry, and she wasn’t a crybaby in general, so how could she be crying all day today? The teacher sneered. “How would I know? That’s your child, not mine! I think she might have some illness. If so, get her to a hospital! Don’t hold back the school and others!” 
Keira frowned at once, her eyes turning sharp. 
Amy was only two years old and couldn’t articulate what had happened… Just as she was puzzled, a child’s voice rang out. “The teacher didn’t let Amy eat. That’s why she cried.” 
Following this voice, Keira saw a mother who had also come to pick up her child standing nearby. 
A little boy stood by her side. 
The boy was a year older than Amy and would be in kindergarten next year, so he spoke clearly and logically. “The teacher also scolded Amy, made her stand as punishment, and didn’t let her take a nap!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately glared at the teacher. 
The teacher’s eyes flickered, showing some guilt, but 
d 
218 
she still said, “That’s impossible! Brandon, don’t talk 
nonsense!”
The little boy named Brandon looked to his mother upon hearing this. 
The elegant lady immediately said, “My son never lies.” 
Keira also looked at Amy. “Is that so?” 
Amy nodded while crying. “Amy was hungry, but tried hard not to cry, also sleepy… not crying…” 
The teacher then glared at her. “What nonsense are you spouting? You’re telling lies at the drop of a hat! What a lowborn! Who can trust what these two- or three-year-olds say?!” 
The elegant lady, upon hearing this, looked slightly displeased. 
Keira frowned and said, “In that case, let’s check the surveillance.” 
The teacher was outrageously defiant. “You aren’t qualified to check the surveillance, and we don’t randomly show our school’s surveillance to others, to prevent invading the privacy of other children!” Keira was shocked. 
11.23 
She scoffed and picked up her phone. “I might not have the right, but the police certainly do, right? I’m calling them right now!” 
The teacher wasn’t scared at all. 
The police arrived quickly, and when they went to check the surveillance footage in the monitor room, they discovered that the camera in the classroom had 
vanished!
With her arms crossed, the teacher was extremely arrogant. “I apologize, I forgot to remind you that the surveillance was under maintenance today.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
No wonder the teacher was so arrogant. She had gone as far as to destroy the evidence. 
Keira scoffed, about to say something when a small voice came from beside her. “Officers, I can testify for 
Amy!” 
Brandon held up his hands and shouted loudly, “The teacher is abusing Amy!” 
As soon as these words came out, the teacher immediately frowned. 
The police then turned to Mrs. Jones, the boy’s 
mother. “May I ask if the child can cooperate with our investigation?” 
Mrs. Jones was about to speak when a voice came from the door. “Mrs. Jones, I advise you not to meddle in others’ business!” 
Everyone turned their heads and saw Christina walking in with a woman two or three years younger than herself. 
Keira let out a sneer.
She had thought it odd why Amy suddenly became a target, and as it turned out, it was Christina who was stirring up trouble! 
Mrs. Jones, hearing this, turned to look at the two women, slightly frowning. 
Christina had already walked up to her. “Mrs. Jones, your son must be very busy, right? He doesn’t have time to cooperate with the investigation, does he?” 
Mrs. Jones, seeing this and glancing at Keira, then looking at Amy she held in her arms, slowly said, “He’s not that busy.” 
68 
Christina was surprised. 
Her gaze sharpened instantly, and then she stepped forward, confronting Mrs. Jones. “Today’s matter doesn’t concern you. Are you sure you want to wade into this mess?” 
Mrs. Jones’s gaze swept over Keira again, and then she smiled. “I just can’t stand seeing a teacher abusing a child. I wouldn’t feel secure with such a teacher educating my son.” 
Christina immediately frowned. “If that’s the case, I can help your son transfer to another class.” 
“And what about this teacher?” 
Mrs. Jones didn’t back down. “She has abused a child and that’s it? Miss Olsen, you have a son too. If your son were mistreated, would you let it go so easily?”
Christina glared at her. “Of course not!” 
“So…” 
Mrs. Jones shrugged. “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. I empathize with this little girl’s plight. My son is friends with her, and I’ll respect my son’s choice.” 
6’8 
< 
“You’re doing this even at the risk of the Olsen family’s reprisal?!” 
Christina was frantic. “Are you really not afraid of offending us?!” 
Mrs. Jones sighed. “My family doesn’t have much business with the Olsen family…” 
“You!” 
Christina was so angry she was at a loss for words, but just then, the woman beside her stepped forward, smiling. “Mrs. Jones, I’ve heard your husband has been looking to partner with the Horton family that recently moved into Clance, right?” 
As soon as these words came out, Keira and Lewis exchanged a glance. 
When Mrs. Jones heard this, she indeed hesitated for moment. “That’s correct.”
At that, Christina immediately laughed. “So, having climbed up to the Horton family, you’re not afraid of the Olsen family anymore… but do you know that my sister is about to marry into the Horton family?!” 
Mrs. Jones was slightly taken aback by these words. 
718 
Christina pointed to the woman beside her, “This is my sister, Victoria. The Horton and Olsen families are preparing to join in matrimony. My sister is about to marry Lewis Horton, the family head. It’s true that you have no business cooperation with the Olsen family, but you still want the cooperation with the Horton family, right?!” 
1. 
Mrs. Jones frowned. 
Christina said, “Do you believe that with just one word from my sister, the cooperation between your family and the Horton family could be canceled?” 
At these words, Keira, who was listening on the side, said coldly, “That might be a bit difficult!” 
1 
A 
Swing loft to continue) 
3 
###Chapter 320
Keira glanced at Lewis, her eyebrows raising as she said, “She claims she wants to enter into a marriage alliance with Mr. Lewis Horton.” 
Lewis immediately looked at Victoria with disdain and said firmly, “That’s impossible!” 
Christina directed her scrutinizing gaze at Lewis, sizing him up from head to toe, and upon seeing his casual outfit, she couldn’t help but curl her lip dismissively. “Keera, I know you’re divorced. Is this your new gigolo?! I really don’t know where this confidence comes from… Do you even understand what a powerful family marriage alliance is?” 
Mrs. Jones then hesitated. “I haven’t heard about it 
either…” 
Christina immediately said, “The alliance between the Horton and Olsen families had been underway for many years, but it was discontinued because Mr. Horton married. However, now that Mr. Horton’s wife has passed away, the talks of marriage between the Horton and Olsen families have been brought up 
again!”
She turned to Victoria and said, “My sister is currently the only unwed daughter of the Olsen family, so it’s definitely her who will enter into the alliance. What’s so impossible about that?” 
Victoria demurely lowered her head and said, “Sister, this matter hasn’t yet been announced publicly…” 
“But it’s already a done deal!” 
Christina turned to Mrs. Jones. “My sister is set to be the future hostess of the Horton family. Are you sure you still want to testify for them?!” 
Mrs. Jones remained silent. 
Seeing this, Christina then turned to Keira. “See? N there’s no witness, so don’t make a scene here. This daycare is Clance’s best. There can’t possibly be any cases of teachers abusing children!” 
Keira furrowed her brows. 
Just as she was about to say something, Mrs. Jones’s voice rang out again. “Who says there are no 
witnesses? My son is a witness, and many other children in their class saw it too…” 
Keira was slightly surprised and looked toward Mrs. Jones again. 
Mrs. Jones smiled at her and then, holding Brandon’s hand, approached the police. “My son can cooperate with the investigation.” 
Christina’s eyes widened in shock. “Mrs. Jones, have you lost your mind?! Do you know what kind of consequences your meddling could bring?! Does your husband agree with you doing this?”
But Mrs. Jones merely glanced at her nonchalantly and said, “I’m well aware of what I’m doing.” 
Christina was dumbfounded. 
Without further ado, Mrs. Jones had her son speak privately with the police to give his statement. 
Seeing this, the teacher’s legs went weak… 
Keira was also taken aback by Mrs. Jones’s sense of 
justice. 
She stared at Mrs. Jones in astonishment, only to have Mrs. Jones suddenly turn to her and ask, “Do you really 
not remember me?” 
? 
Keira was perplexed. 
340 
. 
Mrs. Jones chuckled and said, “Four years ago, in the rivers of Oceanion, we went scuba diving together…” 
Upon hearing this, Keira gradually recalled the memory. “You’re the one… who, in order to dive deeper, tied a rock to yourself?”
Mrs. Jones immediately nodded. “Yes, that’s me!” 
Lewis, not one to engage in much conversation with other women, couldn’t help but interject. “A rock?” Mrs. Jones nodded and explained, “I always had trouble diving down, so I came up with a method of tying a rock to my back, and down I went – it worked superbly! However, when I tried to come back up, I found that I couldn’t, and with the rock dragging r kept sinking deeper… If this lady hadn’t rescued m the river would have been my grave.” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He had only just spoken out of shock to understand 
this! 
Who in their right mind scuba dives with a rock tied to 
them? 
Mrs. Jones took Keira’s hand. “The day you saved me, 
409 
you didn’t even leave your name. I’ve always wanted to thank you but couldn’t find you. I never expected to run into you here in Clance!” 
Keira didn’t take this matter to heart.
But Lewis frowned and looked at Keira, chiding her in a low voice. “The situation was dangerous at that time. Did you realize that going to rescue her was also very dangerous?!” 
His voice carried a sense of relief mixed with fear. 
All the divers were at the sea bottom, and Mrs. Jones, weighed down by a large rock, couldn’t ascend, which/ was enough to indicate how deep she had gone! 
In such a situation, Keira dared to rescue her. Was not concerned for her own life? 
Mrs. Jones also looked at her with gratitude, “Yes, th situation was perilous. By coming to rescue me, you tied your life to mine…” 
Her words were filled with emotion. 
Seeing this, Keira coughed and said, “Well, could it be that I had no choice but to rescue her?” 
Lewis and Mrs. Jones were both slightly taken aback. 
11-2 
||| 
Keira then said, “At that time, there was only me and her on the beach with no instructor. If she sank with that rock, and the police came to investigate, I might not be able to clear my name…” 
Lewis was speechless. 
Mrs. Jones didn’t know what to say.
Keira’s words were light-hearted, but everyone understood that she was just making a small joke to ease Lewis’s tension and fear. 
The police finished questioning the boy soon. Brandon was articulate, and his logic was sound. Coupled with Amy’s testimony, the police confirmed the teacher’s abuse of children and took her away immediately. 
Before she left, the teacher looked at Christina. “Mis Olsen, Miss Olsen, you must save me…” 
Christina glared at Mrs. Jones, her chest heaving with 
anger. 
Unfortunately, this was a public place, and she still remembered last time she was threatened by Keera. As an adopted daughter, she couldn’t be too outrageous, so in the end, she could only say through clenched 
tooth “Mrs Jones not wait for your 
—). 
cooperation with the Horton family to be canceled!” 
With that, she pulled Victoria and left. 
Mrs. Jones smiled, “How could the Horton family’s cooperation depend on the words of one individual?” Though she said this, her eyes were worried.
The fact was that her husband’s cooperation with the Horton family was still in the negotiation phase. 
As the Horton family was expanding into Clance, they needed channels and were selecting partners from among these smaller families; her husband had always wanted to secure this opportunity. 
Even if Victoria wouldn’t marry Mr. Horton, it was sa that Mr. Horton had a deep relationship with the Olse family. If Christina and Victoria said a few words, they might actually sabotage her husband’s prospects. 
After all, there were many potential partners for the Horton family to choose from, and their family was just one of them. 
Mrs. Jones thought this to herself, but her face still maintained ease. “Don’t worry, this will not affect me.” 
Keira nodded. “Don’t worry. There will definitely be no impact.” 
Mrs. Jones smiled. “I know. Well, now that Amy is fine, I’ll take Brandon home. We’ll make plans to meet some other time.” 
Leaving these words behind, she took her son’s hand and turned to leave. 
The moment she turned, the smile on her face seemed a bit forced, and her eyes revealed concern. 
Just then, she suddenly heard Lewis’s voice from behind, “Mrs. Jones…” 
Mrs. Jones paused slightly, turning back in puzzleme
Then she saw the man who stood behind Keera coming toward her. “Tell your husband to prepare the 
contract.” 
Mrs. Jones was perplexed. 
###Chapter 321
Mrs. Jones looked at Lewis in confusion, then glanced at Keira. feeling like she must have misheard. “What?” a Lewis didn’t want to say anything more. 
Keira just smiled and said, “Just listen to him, and have your husband take the contract to Horton Group first thing in the morning.” 
Mrs. Jones was perplexed. 
She couldn’t help but size up Lewis again, noticing the noble aura of a privileged young man. Despite his sports shirt, he didn’t seem like an ordinary person. 
Could he be a member of the Horton family? 
As Mrs. Jones thought about this, she saw Keira pick up Amy and sit in the back seat of the car, with Lewis behind the wheel. 
Mrs. Jones was speechless. 
This person seemed to be Keera’s driver, right? 
Or possibly Keera’s husband? 
She was really overthinking it. 
Mrs. Jones shook her head, bent down to pick up her son, and got into the car to return home. 
On the way home, Amy wrapped her arms tightly around Keira; the little girl felt no sense of security at that moment. 
In a weak voice, she asked, “Mom, did I cause trouble for our family?” 
Hearing this, Keira’s heart melted, and hugged the girl. “No, Amy is the best-behaved.” 
The little girl didn’t understand deceit and didn’t know her mother had changed, but she instinctively felt uneasy and clung onto Keira as she said, “Mom, will you abandon Amy?” 
“Of course not.” 
Keira gently patted her back, and Amy didn’t let go until they got home. 
So, that evening, Keira had an extra attachment to her body. 
During dinner, Amy insisted on sitting on her lap. 
29 
When Keira was dealing with company matters that night, Amy also needed to be there… 
When she had finished her work, it was already dark. Keira had just stood up when Lewis came over and stretched out his hand. “I’ll take Amy back to her 
room.”
Keira didn’t think much of it and handed Amy over to him. 
But perhaps sensing her mother’s scent, Amy immediately started squirming restlessly in Lewis’s arms as soon as she was in them, calling out with her eyes closed, “Mommy, mommy…” 
Keira, feeling helpless, had to reach out again and t the child back into her arms. 
She carried Amy to her bedroom and after placing he on the bed, the little girl still clung tightly to her sleeve, unwilling to let her leave. 
Keira lay down beside her. 
After an unknown amount of time, there was a noise at the door, and as Keira turned her head, she glimpsed 
Lewis standing there. 
173 
The bedroom lights were off, and the dim light from the hallway spilled over him. 
The man had just taken a shower, his hair still dripping with water. He wore a robe that was slightly open at the neckline, his dark eyes fixated on her. 
Though not a word was spoken, the invitation was clear. 
Keira blinked, pointed at the sleeve Amy was pulling on, and didn’t move.
Lewis seemed to understand and walked away. 
Keira thought he had got her message and found a comfortable position to lie down, ready to spend the night with Amy. 
But just as she was about to fall asleep, she heard a faint noise again. 
Slowly turning her head, Keira saw Lewis standing by the bed, bending over, doing something. 
Then, she heard a click, and the arm that Amy was 
pulling on suddenly felt lighter. 
Keira was perplexed. 
49 
Looking down, she suddenly realized that Lewis had taken a pair of scissors and cut open her pajamas and the place Amy was clutching! 
Keira was shocked. 
Just as she was about to say something, the man made a “shush” sound at her, and then a large hand enveloped her shoulders and legs. Before she knew it, she was being carried away. 
Lewis moved quietly, not disturbing Amy, and swiftly carried her out of the nursery and back to the master
bedroom. 
Keira asked, “What are you doing?” 
“I’m letting you try out the new bed.” 
Keira looked at him with a smile, “Really? Just trying out the new bed?” 
Both being adults, Keira understood all too well how starving for affection a man like Lewis, after 28 years of singleness, would be once he started indulging. 
Lewis’s face remained tense, yet his ears slowly turned 
a shade of red. 
He really couldn’t take a tease… 
519 
While Keira was thinking about this, she saw Lewis suddenly shed his night-robe. “And try out the person again.” 
Suddenly, the lights in the master bedroom were turned off, and rustling sounds filled the room. 
Keira thought she was quite fit, but she simply couldn’t keep up with the man… 
She didn’t remember when she fell asleep, only recalling the last moments of exhaustion, drifting off as Lewis asked in her ear, “Is the bed comfortable?”
She said, “It’s comfortable.” 
She was so close to passing out! 
Then she heard Lewis ask, “And what about me? 
Comfortable?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
While she had a good night’s sleep, Mrs. Jones was filled with concern the whole evening. 
Her husband, hoping to be seen favorably by the Horton Group, worked late into the night before he 
679 
< 
came home. 
Upon arriving home, he saw Mrs. Jones’s worried face and immediately asked what had happened. Mrs. Jones recounted the day’s events at the kindergarten and began apologetically. “I’m sorry. I might have hindered something important for you.” 
life. 
Mr. Jones was quite reasonable. “She saved your We can’t just watch her predicament without helping. What you did was right.”
Mrs. Jones felt a warmth in her chest and became even more apologetic. 
She nestled in her husband’s embrace. “What happens if we can’t secure the project?” 
Mr. Jones comforted her. “If we can’t get it, we’ll continue to be a second-rate wealthy family. What’s wrong? Isn’t the company earning enough for us?” 
Mrs. Jones chuckled. “But Keera and that man with her said you should take the contract and sign with the Horton Group tomorrow…” 
Mr. Jones couldn’t help but laugh. “How is that possible? I haven’t received any news from my side… Besides honestly, we might not have been chosen 
– 
719 
anyway, there’s another company with stronger capabilities that might be a better fit for the Horton Group.” 
Mr. Jones sighed, which was why he had to work urgently late into the night. 
Mrs. Jones simply nodded in response. 
After the two lay down, having only rested for three hours, Mrs. Jones sat up. “Why don’t you try going to the Horton Group? Miss Keera seemed quite certain, not like someone who would speak flippantly…”
Mr. Jones responded with a wry smile to her words. “Without a call from the Horton Group, what’s there to 
try?” 
Mrs. Jones pushed him. “Just take the contract and give it a try. What harm could it do? Just go and see!” 
Half an hour later. 
Mr. Jones stood at the Horton Group’s temporary office in Clance, chuckling at himself. 
He really was bewitched, why had he listened to his wife and come all the way here? 
Mr. Jones looked down at the contract and was about 
89 
nd leave whemadeave when Tom stepped out of the the 
office and immediatand immediately called out, “Mr. “Mr. es.right?” 
and for this chapters 
ity 
图 
图 
Send Gilt 
Terrible 
t today 
in a daze 
walked ou 
ight the deal ly asked, “What the receptionist,
###Chapter 322
Mr. Jones was slightly startled and turned around abruptly. 
There before him was Tom who, just yesterday, had been giving them the cold shoulder but now 
approached him with a full-faced smile, extending his hand. “Nice to meet you!” 
Mr. Jones looked at him in a daze, “Mr. Davis?” 
Tom said, “Did you bring the contract?” 
Mr. Jones said, “…Yes, I did.” 
“Good, let me take a look at the contract. If there’s nothing wrong, let’s sign the agreement today!” 
Mr. Jones followed Tom into the office in a daze and still felt like he was dreaming when he walked out with the signed contract. 
He returned home in a daze. 
Mrs. Jones saw his expression and thought the deal hadn’t gone through, so she immediately asked, “What happened? You weren’t chased out by the receptionist, 
were you?” 
11 
Mr. Jones handed over the contract to her. 
Mrs. Jones glanced at it and she, too, was stunned. 
Mr. Jones looked at her. “Tell me, what kind of person is your lifesaver from yesterday, exactly?” 
Mrs. Jones touched her chin, pondered for a moment, and couldn’t help looking at him. “Is it because I did a good deed, and this is my reward for being a good person?” 
Mr. Jones nearly rolled his eyes. “Do you believe that?” 
“No.” 
Mr. Jones then said, “Forget it. Whatever their background is, our dealings with them aren’t for personal gain anyway!” 
Mrs. Jones was also open-minded. “That’s right!” 
The next day, Keira didn’t take Amy to the early 
education class. 
Before, Keera had sent her there to avoid Howard’s mother, who was always scolding her at home, and later she also sent the child there as a trap for 
– 
279 
Howard’s mother.
Now that she and Howard were divorced and the house had quieted down, she simply withdrew Amy from that school. 
A two-year-old child, who lacked a sense of security so much, needed to stay close to her mother. 
Furthermore, since Christina’s scheme hadn’t worked out, she was afraid something else might come up, and she didn’t want Amy to always be aggrieved. 
Hearing that she didn’t have to go to school anymore, Amy’s face blossomed into a smile, and Keira stayed home to play with her for a while before receiving a video call from Mary. 
Mary placed her phone on the coffee table. “Amy, c give your godmother a kiss!” 
Amy then shyly smiled and buried her head into Keira’s 
embrace. 
Mary couldn’t help but complain. “Look, my goddaughter isn’t even close to me anymore. Keera, it’s all your fault for blocking me for half a year…” 
Keira wanted to make some excuses for her sister but 
wasn’t sure what to say when she heard Mary say, “But that’s okay, in the half-year you blocked me, I reflected on myself. I wasn’t considerate enough. Only a person starved of love could be deceived by that scum Howard.” 
Mary then looked at the phone. “In the future, I’ll love you even more!”
Keira suddenly laughed, feeling that the friendship between her sister and Mary wasn’t so easily fractured. She really didn’t need to explain anything. 
Keira wanted to speak but suddenly heard through Mary’s video call the sound of a door being kicked open with a “bang”… 
Immediately after, Mary’s parents rushed in. 
Mary was also stunned, and before she could end the 
video call, she turned her head just as a slap landed heavily on her face! 
“Slap!” 
This was from her mother. 
Mary covered her face, disbelief in her eyes as she 
– 
looked at them. “Mom, what are you doing?” 
Her mother’s face was livid, and upon hearing this, she immediately retorted, “What am I doing? Why don’t you tell us what you’ve done?!” 
After that, she threw a pregnancy test report in Mary’s 
face!
Upon seeing the report, Mary’s pupils constricted slightly, and she looked toward her mother, trying to explain, “I, I…” 
“Who’s the father of this bastard child?!” 
The angry voice came from her father. 
He took a step forward and glared at Mary intensel “Haven’t we taught you to respect and value yourse You cannot do such things! You got pregnant and messed around outside! How are you supposed to get 
married now?!” 
Mary’s mother began to cry. “That’s right. Are you not going on a blind date with Mr. Horton because of this man?! Are you 
confused?!” 
Mary looked at them and suddenly clenched her fists. “Dad, Mom, it’s foolish to date and get pregnant, but 
it’s not foolish to marry Lewis, an old widower?!” 
Keira, who was beginning to worry for Mary, was dumbfounded. 
She silently turned back and glanced at Lewis, who 
was quietly watching her and Amy. The “old widower’s” lips twitched.
That was indeed an unmerited disaster. 
Keira coughed and continued to watch the video. 
Mary had always had a strong presence at home, and her parents lived under her protection, so Keira didn’t think much of it at the time. 
But unexpectedly, after Mary said those words, Mar father took a step forward and slapped her again. “Ungrateful creature! Is Mr. Horton the same as ordinary people? If you are so capable, why don’t you sleep with Mr. Horton or Mr. Ellis and have them take responsibility for you?!” 
Mary was stunned. 
Her father continued to point at her and shouted, “Who will marry you now, looking like this?! If we can’t marry into a wealthy family, how will your mother and 
BAX 
I stay in this house in the future?! Even your grandmother will be driven out! She won’t be able to be buried with your grandfather! Mary, do you even understand?!” 
Upon hearing this, Mary suddenly laughed. “So, what am I in your eyes? A commodity to trade for glory and wealth?!” 
Mary’s mother’s expression froze. “How can you speak of me like that?” 
Mary’s father’s face darkened. “No matter what you say, this child must be aborted! And you mustn’t tell anyone about this, understand?”
Mary’s mother then took out an abortion pill from pocket. “We’ve already bought the medicine for you Take it now, Mary. Just do as you’re told. Once you take this medicine, in less than two hours, this 
creature will be gone. Then you’ll still be our pure and pristine girl…” 
Mary’s eyes widened. 
She couldn’t believe what she was seeing, just feeling chills run down her spine. 
She had never thought that her own parents would 
74 
treat her like this one day… 
Mary looked at them in shock, her hands 
subconsciously resting on her belly. “Mom, I won’t take it… I want this child!” 
Her mother frowned upon hearing this. “Why can’t you just obey?” 
Her father also stepped forward. The man who was always frightened by bodyguards and Mary’s uncle suddenly grasped Mary’s arm tightly. “Mary, don’t blame us. We have no choice. You must take this medicine… You have to marry into a wealthy family…” 
Mary, in terror, tried to break free from his grip, but how could a girl’s strength compare to a man’s?
Mary’s father held her fast, even prying her mouth open, not giving her a chance to speak again, while Mary’s mother opened the medicine and forced it into her mouth… 
Upon witnessing this, Keira panicked and screamed, “Uncle, Auntie! You can’t kill this baby!” 
Mary struggled, tears streaming down, but she 
couldn’t break free from her father’s restraint and her 
mother’s suppression… 
810 
Mary’s mother, hearing the voice from the phone, said sternly, “Keera, I know you and Mary are good friends, but you don’t understand. It’s a mistake one makes in youth out of impulsiveness, and you’ll regret it later! This bastard child cannot stay!” 
Keira saw the pill about to enter Mary’s mouth, wishing she could travel through the video call to get there, but it was already too late… 
She could only yell, “This child is Ellis’s!!” 
0 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10) 
> 
图 
Terrible
###Chapter 323
Chapter 322 
As soon as Keira shouted these words, the person on the other side immediately stopped their actions. 
Mary’s mother was stunned, looking at her phone with disbelief. “What did you say?!” 
Mary’s chin was grasped tightly, her body held down, forcibly seated in the chair, unable to speak. Tears rolled down from the corners of her eyes. 
Keira then said, “The child is Ellis’s. If you kill the baby, Ellis won’t let you off!” 
That was the only way to protect Mary at the moment. 
Mary’s mother threw away the medicine in her hand. 
Mary’s father also hurriedly let go of Mary, then, shocked, he looked at her belly and exclaimed with joy, “Is this true?!” 
Mary felt completely drained and collapsed on the bed. 
Her mother quickly stepped forward. “Mary, are you okay? Was your dad too rough? Did he hurt you? Does your stomach hurt?” 
0 
323 Chapter 322 
Mary’s father also nodded. “Right, right, the baby is okay, right?”
Mary, still terrified, clutched her belly and looked at the phony faces of her parents who were now expressing concern, and she found it utterly laughable! 
She clutched her belly and backed away a bit, putting some distance between herself and them. 
Seeing her reaction, her father immediately furrowed his brows. “Mary, don’t blame us. We were afraid you were going down the wrong path. With your looks and your family background, it would be a pity not to marry into a wealthy and influential family! Why didn’t you tell us earlier? If you had told us this was Mr. Ellis’s child, I definitely wouldn’t have treated you like that!” 
Mary’s mother was equally oblivious of her wrongdoing, nodding along. “Exactly, why didn’t you tell us the truth? When did this happen? Does Mr. Ellis 
know? What’s his current stance on this?” 
Mary’s father immediately said, “Does he not want to take responsibility? Mary, don’t be afraid. I’ll go to 
. 
||| 
J 
21 
323 Chapter 322 
your uncle right away and demand accountability from the Olsen family! We’ll make Mr. Ellis marry you!”
His hands rubbed together excitedly, as if glory and riches were already within his grasp. 
Mary’s mother was even more overjoyed. “Yes, yes, besides, we’ll demand an ample dowry from them. Our Mary is marrying Mr. Ellis… Indeed, Ellis is a better choice than Mr. Horton’s second marriage! Mary, you really do have great foresight!” 
Mary watched as her parents were about to leave and suddenly cried out in alarm. “You must not go to him!” 
Her parents were taken aback and turned their heads. 
to look at her. 
Mary was trembling, overcome with a sense of shame 
She could almost imagine Ellis hearing this news, the mocking smile on his lips, and that disdainful look in his eyes… 
How could she have such parents? 
Her eyes reddened as she looked at them. “If you dare to tell Ellis, I’ll immediately terminate the pregnancy!!” 
Her father immediately frowned. “What are you talking 
||| 
< 
323 Chapter 322
about, Mary?” 
Mary’s mother also said bluntly, “You’re not allowed to abort this child! How else will you marry Mr. Ellis?! Mary, do you have something wrong with your head?!” 
Mary felt there was no point in talking with them 
anymore. 
She glared angrily at both of them, feeling deeply powerless, and sat defeated on the bed, saying, “In any case, if anyone goes to Ellis, I’ll terminate the pregnancy immediately!” 
Mary’s mother was hesitant as she exchanged a look with Mary’s father, both of them asking with 
puzzlement, “What do you mean by this? Is it not Ellis’s baby?” 
Upon hearing this, Mary saw her mother glance again at the abortion pills, and Mary clenched her fists tight 
How ridiculous she felt now! 
All she wanted was to pick up the dignity she had once shed, piece by piece, to regain her self-respect in front of Ellis, but her parents were always pulling her deeper into the abyss. 
||| 
323 Chapter 322
She let out a bitter laugh and remained silent. 
She looked at them stubbornly. 
Keira, worried that Mary would be at a disadvantage, quickly said, “It is Ellis’s child. She’s still in the early months of pregnancy, and Ellis won’t acknowledge the baby. Even if you go to him, it’s no use. You’ll have to wait until she’s three months along before you can perform amniocentesis.” 
Mary’s parents immediately scowled, “Mr. Ellis doesn’t acknowledge it? This is troublesome… What did you do? How did you make Mr. Ellis not acknowledge it? Did you mess up?” 
Why wouldn’t he acknowledge the baby? 
Why did Ellis think she was a loose woman? Wasn’t it because to secure her parents’ status, she had to drin with men at the dinner table again and again to pull in projects… 
And now, here they were, questioning what she had done. 
Mary’s tears finally spilled from her eyes as she closed them in despair. “Get out, get out!!” 
||| 
323 Chapter 322 
Mary’s father was startled, “Don’t be agitated. It’s not good for the baby if you get agitated. I’m leaving now…” 
Mary’s mother also said, “Mary, even if Mr. Ellis doesn’t acknowledge the baby, it’s his, and he won’t be able to deny it. Don’t worry, and don’t get excited… I’m leaving
now.” 
Mary’s parents left her room and helped her close the door. 
Mary lowered her head and covered her face with her 
hands. 
Keira called out to her, “Mary, are you okay?” 
Mary buried her face in her knees, and her muffled 
voice came through. “I want to leave this place. I want to go to your home…” 
“Okay, I’ll come pick you up right now.” 
Keira stood up immediately and handed Amy over to the nanny. 
The clingy Amy was very sensible and knew by her expression that she was busy, so she didn’t cling to her. 
< 
323 Chapter 322 
Keira then put on her outerwear and went straight 
downstairs. 
Lewis followed her. “I’ll take you there.” 
He was worried about Keira driving as it could cause problems, especially since he had never seen her drive a car before.
But Keira suddenly stopped and hesitated for a moment before saying, “Can you… go?” 
Lewis clenched his jaw and pursed his lips. 
That place was the Davis residence, where his mother’s. family resided. Although Mary had moved out after splitting from the family, they still lived not far from each other. The Davis family’s ancestral home was right next to theirs. 
People from the old house would often come over… 
Worried that Lewis might feel uncomfortable seeing the Davis family, Keira opened the driver’s door. “I’ll go by myself.” 
But before she could get in, Lewis stopped her. 
He held her shoulders and took her away, seated her if the passenger seat, and only then did he briskly 
323 Chapter 322 
walk to the driver’s side and get into the car. 
Keira was about to say something when Lewis said, “I don’t feel safe with you driving.” 
Keira was taken aback for a moment before realizing that Lewis was afraid that those people would come after her again. No wonder he was acting like a bodyguard, staying by her side every day, and even neglecting his work.
She no longer opposed his kindness and nodded. 
The car started quickly and arrived at the Davis family’s home. 
At the entrance of the Davis family’s home, a graceful figure appeared. 
Mary’s parents stood up quickly when they saw the visitor and asked respectfully,” Shirley, why are you here?” 
Shirley was a person of Mary’s father’s generation, the legitimate daughter of the first branch who had married into the Horton family of Oceanion. The marriage was initially arranged as an alliance, but Nathan, that old man, had a secret child outside, and knowing this Shirley decisively had the 
323 Chapter 322 
seven-month-old child in her womb delivered by 
Cesarean section, abandoned the child at the Horton residence, and returned alone to the Davis family. 
She was Lewis’s mother! 
Her status in the first branch was exalted, and even Ken had great respect for his older sister. 
Upon hearing this, Shirley replied indifferently, “I heard Mary was unwell; I’ve come to see her.” 
Mary’s parents nodded and watched as Shirley climbed the stairs. 
Before she reached the upper floor, the sound of a car stopping suddenly came from outside, followed by Keira and Lewis getting out of the car. 
Shirley’s gaze swept over Keira and Lewis, and just she was about to look away, she froze, her eyes lock
onto Lewis! 
Keira had originally intended for Lewis to wait in the car, but Lewis had just witnessed the obstinacy of Mary’s parents, he worried that Keira might not be able to bring Mary out by herself, so he decided to accompany her inside. 
05-20 
323 Chapter 322 
As soon as they entered, they suddenly came face to face with Shirley. 
Her aloof aura was so distinctive that one couldn’t help but take a second look. 
Lewis’s gaze met hers unexpectedly and without 
warning… 
R 
10 
###Chapter 324
Lewis’s footsteps came to an abrupt halt as if he were spellbound. He stared in shock at the woman before 
him. 
She left soon after he was born. 
This was the first time that the mother and son had 
ever met since then… 
As a child, Lewis had longed for his mother and once secretly looked at her photos. Though he no longer needed her as he grew up, his exceptional memory 
hadn’t let him forget her. 
He recognized her at first glance. 
In that moment, Lewis felt as if the world was spinning, and a nameless gloom and ferocity sudder surged into his heart. His gaze fixed on her, filled wit 
resentment… 
But in the next instant… 
The woman he was staring at simply shifted her gaze indifferently and turned to go upstairs. 
Her attitude made Lewis feel a stifling sensation in his 
0020
chest, even more upsetting than before. 
She probably didn’t care about his persistent 
memories at all. 
Indeed, she didn’t care about her son at all. 
She didn’t care about his fragile body when he was born at seven months and heartlessly abandoned him at the Horton family. He almost died on the sick bed. 
The violence and gloom that imbued Lewis started to fade away, leaving only a profound silence. 
In this world, it seemed he was neither cherished by his father nor loved by his mother… 
Keira sensed the change in his emotions and was hesitating over why this was happening when Mary’s mother also sensed Lewis’s abnormality and ste forward, blocking his line of sight. 
Mary’s mother said, “Keera, is this your friend? Wh are you staring so intensely? You can’t look at peop like my sister-in-law in that way. She’s of such high standing…” 
Sister-in-law… 
Keira suddenly understood something and saw the 
< 
< 
lonely aura covering the man before her, a wave of pity and anger rising in her heart. 
She was angry that Shirley didn’t even recognize her 
own son… 
She felt sorry for how distressed Lewis must be feeling at this moment. 
Without regard for Keera’s public persona, she walked straight to Lewis and took his hand. 
Lewis was slightly startled and turned to look at her. 
Keira nodded at him. 
Lewis looked away, his voice hoarse. “I’m fine.” 
His restrained demeanor was hardly that of someone who was fine. 
After patting Lewis’s hand, Keera turned to Mar mother. “I’m going to find Mary.” 
Mary’s mother nodded. “Alright, Keera, you’re a go friend of Mary’s. Please go and persuade her so she doesn’t do anything rash. It would be foolish. This ch can help her marry Mr. Ellis, and her future will be bright!” 
Keira maintained a stern face upon hearing this and then turned to Lewis. “Wait here for me.” 
But Lewis stubbornly followed behind her, reiterating, “I’m fine.”
Keira had no choice but to take him upstairs. 
As soon as they arrived at Mary’s room, they heard Shirley’s cold voice come through. “Mary, if you don’t want to marry Ellis, then don’t keep the child. You can’t let a child tie down your life.” 
Right after she spoke, Keira heard a low snort of laughter beside her. 
She couldn’t help but feel a surge of pity for Lewis again. 
Then she knocked on the door, not looking a ley but speaking directly to Mary. “Mary, I’ve com 
you.” 
“Okay.” 
Mary had already packed a few clothes and came straight out upon hearing the words. 
Keira took her suitcase, about to carry it downstair when Lewis took the suitcase from her hands and 
||| 
< 
turned to go down. 
It was then that Shirley suddenly said, “Stop.”
Lewis stiffened. 
Shirley approached, her gaze sweeping over him once more, before settling on Keira. “Thank you for taking care of Mary.” 
“It’s no trouble. She’s my good friend.” Keira’s voice carried a hint of hostility. “I wouldn’t be so heartless as to leave Mary behind.” 
Her words carried an unspoken implication. 
Whether Shirley caught the hint or not, she merely nodded slightly. 
Keira then helped Mary downstairs. 
The three of them, each with their own thought the house without uttering a word. 
With Shirley present, Mary’s parents didn’t dare to make too much of a scene. Seeing that Mary was goi to move out, they didn’t do much to stop her; they jus looked a bit sheepish. 
Keira left with Mary, feeling relaxed, and they heade 
DU-21 
back to the South family residence. 
This small villa of the South family might only have 
three floors, but it had five bedrooms. 
After cleaning out one of the guest bedrooms, Mary moved straight in.
Looking at Mary, then at a downcast Lewis, Keira 
found herself at a loss for whom to comfort first. 
While she was still hesitating, Lewis suddenly said, “I’m fine.” 
He repeated “I’m fine” three times, making Keira feel that she had thought too much. 
She said to Mary, “Mary, you should get some good rest first.” 
Only then did she take Lewis back to the m bedroom. After closing the door, she went st his arms, attempting to drive away his loneline her warmth. 
Lewis held her, and from an angle Keira couldn’t the corners of his mouth slowly curved into a smil 
Seeing Shirley surely made him feel sad. 
nto 
6021 
< 
< 
But Lewis had always been someone who could control his emotions. He had been this way since childhood and was accustomed to that pain. Aside from some initial emotional turbulence, he had already calmed
down. 
There were already too many pitiable people in this 
house. 
First, there was Amy, and now Mary had arrived. 
If he didn’t act a bit more pitiable himself, where 
would she find the time for him? 
The completely clueless Keira…. 
Mary’s sadness came swiftly and left just as quickly. 
When she woke up the next day, she had most returned to normal and was even busy with wor 
said to Keira. “Today, the Davis family, the Olsen f and the South family signed their cooperation agreement. There’s a celebration banquet tonight th we need to attend, Miss South, is that okay with you? 
Keira said, “No problem.” 
She glanced subconsciously at Lewis, only to see hir 
||| 
slowly say, “I’ll go too… is that okay?” 
Mary didn’t know what to say. 
She couldn’t help but poke Keira. “Your little boyfriend here seems to be a bit too clingy.” 
Keira was caught between laughter and tears. 
In the evening, after handing Amy over to the nanny, the three of them got dressed up and attended the celebration banquet. 
Lewis didn’t bring a suit and was still dressed in his casual sportswear. They pulled up to the banquet, 
Keira and Mary got out of the car, and Lewis went to park. 
He was treated just like a driver. 
Yet he didn’t look the slightest bit offended. 
Keira and Mary waited at the entrance for a mom until Lewis parked the car and came over, then the three of them entered together. 
The celebration banquet was attended by people from the Olsen Group, the Davis family, and Keera 
Technology, so there was no requirement for evening 
gowns, and both women wore business attire. 
||| 
Upon entering, they needed to sign in with the staff. 
Keira wrote Keera’s name. 
Just then, a luxury car pulled up brashly at the entrance, and two uninvited guests emerged. They were Christina and Victoria. 
Dressed in fancy evening gowns, they instantly became the center of attention as soon as they stepped out of the car. 
Employees of the Olsen Group who hadn’t yet entered immediately surrounded them, exclaiming, “Miss Christina, Miss Victoria, long time no see!” 
Victoria responded with a slight smile. 
Mary whispered to Keira. “This Victoria was prously low-profile, but now she’s taken a high-rankin 
position in the Olsen Group. It’s amazing how fortunes can rise. I heard it’s because there was marriage contract between the Horton and Olsen families years ago. I bet she’ll eventually marry tha divorcee, Lewis.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She had just finished signing her name and stepped 
||| 
J
aside. 
Mary was still craning her neck, looking at the spectacle, when she said to Lewis, “Your turn to sign.” 
The “divorcee” Lewis gave her a cold glance and then quickly signed his name at the registration. 
Now it was Mary’s turn. 
She finally averted her gaze back to the registration area, casually scanning upward. 
She still didn’t know the name of Keera’s little boyfriend… 
But when she saw the signature above, she froze. 
@ 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
> 
图 
Terrible
###Chapter 325
What was that name? 
Why did it look so familiar? 
Was that “Divorcee”? 
Mary was stunned. 
What kind of nonsense was that?! 
Who would have such a name? 
It couldn’t be right, could it? The writing was so cursive, like some kind of artistic script. It was completely unrecognizable! 
Confused, Mary simply scrawled her own name below the messy signature and followed Keira and Lewis 
inside. 
Once the three of them entered, Lewis found a secluded corner to quietly observe the surroundings. 
After the incident where Keira was harmed last time, combined with the mysterious kidnapping of Jodie South, he was now very worried about Keira’s safety. 
He wished he could attach himself to Keira’s leg- 
|||
< 
wherever she went, he would follow! 
Thus, he was constantly observing the situation 
around Keira. 
Keira and Mary weren’t far apart; both holding champagne, they left the crowd to find a quiet place to 
stay. 
Christina and Victoria entered surrounded by a throng of people, their gazes landing on Mary and Keira. 
Christina said resentfully, “Do you see them? Those two, relying on some collaboration, act like they’re above everyone! And my brother tells me to tolerate it! A small company’s boss should be coming to us, right? Why should I hold back?” 
Victoria was younger, but she seemed more comp than Christina. She smiled and said, “I’ve inquired about this project. It turns out Keera Technology h indeed come up with advanced research that no one 
the scientific community has surpassed yet, which is why our brother is asking you not to offend them.” 
Christina was taken aback. “They’ve got some skills? Then what do I do? Just swallow my pride like that?” 
Victoria laughed. “If you don’t want to do that, there’s
100.21 
r 
actually another way.” 
“What way?” 
Taking a sip of red wine from her glass, Victoria suggested, “Keera Technology is indeed too small to fit 
big-time researcher, huh? If we could poach that 
research bigwig to Olsen Group or to your company, wouldn’t Keera Technology be nothing but an empty shell?” 
At that, Christina’s eyes lit up. “Right, why didn’t I think of that? How much salary can Keera Technology offer him? I’ll offer double… no, ten times!” 
After saying that, Christina asked, “Do you know how to contact their big-time researcher?” 
Victoria laughed. “I do.” 
She took out her phone immediately. “I looked at contract and took photos for you.” 
Christina’s excitement grew as she browsed through the photos, spotting the name of the research personnel: N. 
That must be a code name, right?
But there was also his email and phone number. 
||| 
Christina entered the phone number into her phone, thought for a moment, and sent a message. “Hello, I am from Olsen Group. Tonight is the signing banquet of Keera Technology, Olsen Group, and Davis Corporation. Are you here?” 
On the couch next to her, Keira’s cell phone vibrated slightly. 
She picked it up and saw the message. 
Not knowing who it was from, she replied, “Yes.” 
The reply was very concise. 
Christina saw it and her eyes immediately sparkled. She continued to send messages, “Are you N, the research personnel from Keera Technology? Th’s something I would like to discuss with you in p May I?” 
Keira quickly replied, “Regarding?” 
This research bigwig was indeed very aloof. 
Christina sent another message, “Do you have any thoughts about job-hopping? Talent like you is reall stifled at Keera Technology. Olsen Group welcomes you, and the compensation is negotiable.” 
r 
Keira was surprised. 
She looked at the message on her phone, slightly startled, and then felt that this probably wasn’t Ellis’s 
idea. 
She lightly raised her brow and replied, “I don’t have that plan.” 
Christina, seeing this, became anxious. “Then you can start thinking about it now. Come to Olsen Group. We can provide you with the best stage to showcase your talents. Whatever position you want, you can have. Keera Technology will only limit your development. Do you know? The research findings you produce are worth billions. How much salary can Keera pay you? How many shares? They’re even afraid to let you me into the spotlight, and on the contract, they just 
an ‘N’ to replace your name. Don’t you want to n name for yourself in your lifetime?” 
Keira was intrigued. 
She smiled. “I don’t mind.” 
Christina was shocked. 
She stared at the message, completely dumbfounde 
Then she suddenly glanced over at Keera in the distance and saw her lazily leaning against the wall, looking at her phone, and that makeup-free face was so dazzling under the light. 
What Christina hated was this attitude of hers. 
Even though Keera was just a middle-class woman, she dared to show authority in front of Christina, even hitting her… 
But Christina had to admit that Keera was indeed very pleasing to look at. 
Christina tightened her jaw and continued to send messages. “Are you unwilling to leave because of your boss, Keera? ” 
There was no reply from the other side. 
Christina continued to send messages. “She’s di and she’s even keeping a gigolo. She doesn’t care about you at all! Are you sure you want to continu this one-sided relationship?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She twitched the corner of her mouth, feeling quite impressed by the other party’s imagination, and sim 
replied, “Yes.” 
Christina was speechless. 
Was that man so in love with Keera?
Has the research bigwig’s brain gone bad? 
Christina decided to have a proper chat with the other party and sent another message. “Where are you? Let’s meet on the second-floor balcony and talk.” 
Seeing this message, Keira also raised her eyebrows, wanting to know who this shameless person trying to poach from her company was. After all, this was something that had to be settled with Olsen Group since it violated industry rules. 
So, she replied to the message. “Alright.” 
After sending the message, Keira handed the pho Mary. 
After Mary read the chat history, she was almost furious. “Come on, let’s go and see who has the nerve to be so shameless!” 
The two of them made their way to the second-floor balcony. 
Just as they got there, a voice suddenly called out from behind them. “I’m using this place, you go somewhere else.” 
Keira and Mary slowly turned around, only to see Christina bossily standing there. 
Keira frowned. 
Mary even chuckled. “This is a public space. What do you mean you’re using it? Besides, we got here first!” Upon hearing this, Christina sneered immediately. “This hotel belongs to Olsen Group. If I say I’m using it, then I am using it! I’ve arranged to meet someone here, so you better leave quickly!”
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately raised her eyebrows. “You’re the one who arranged a meeting 
Leave The first comment for this chapter 
10 
**Average 
###Chapter 326
Christina had no qualms about poaching talent, and she lifted her chin proudly, “Right, it was me who arranged the meeting. Want to know who I invited?” 
She crossed her arms and laughed, “I invited your research bigshot N. I just texted him, and he’s very interested in joining Olsen Group. So, we planned to 
have a chat here.” 
Christina’s plan was simple. 
No matter if N finally came or not, or how the talks went, just telling Keera about it would plant a thorn between her and N! 
By then, even if N didn’t come, Keera probably wouldn’t trust him anymore. 
In that case, N would have no choice but to come over 
She thought she was so clever. 
As Christina thought about this, she began to laugh. “Keera, you are so indifferent to N. Aren’t you too cold? Besides, he’s so loyal to you. After you finally got 
divorced, you didn’t reciprocate and instead found a college student. Are you really being fair to him?” 
Thinking she held a lot of powerful secrets, she looked down on Keira and accused her. “You should cherish
your talents. You don’t even disclose his name publicly, hogging all the credit to yourself and your company. With such a big event today, you don’t even give N a chance to show off himself. Aren’t you being too 
selfish?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She furrowed her brows, exchanged a glance with Mary, and couldn’t help but laugh. 
Mary said, “Christina, Keera Company’s affairs are none of your business, are they?” 
Christina put on an act of concern. “I just can’t st it. I think you’re oppressing those with talent too much. If you’re so afraid of talent being snatched a why don’t you treat them better? Olsen Group is different. We definitely provide better opportunities and a stage for talents.” 
Keira remained silent. 
She coughed and nodded. “Right. I see Olsen Groun 
indeed good at poaching talents.” 
“You…!” 
Christina became furious. She pointed at Keera and scolded, “What are you talking about? It’s all consensual. Don’t make it sound so ugly. But you wouldn’t hold them back, would you?” 
Keira was perplexed.
Christina immediately frowned. “Don’t tell me. You’re really planning on not letting him go? He could go for labor arbitration. Olsen Group will help him pay the breach of contract fee! Keera, this is really too much. It’s one thing for someone to work hard for you, but to not let them gain recognition? A company like yours is simply heartless!” 
While she was arguing, Victoria came over with a fe people. 
Just in time to hear the end of the conversation, 
Victoria sighed lightly and said, “Miss South, if what my sister says is true, I advise you to part on good terms. Such a research talent has boundless prospects; they can’t be confined by your small company. It’s better to let him go now rather than have 
unpleasantness later…” 
The people who had followed were starting to believe that Keira was oppressing N. Hearing Victoria’s words, they became indignant. 
“Yeah, Miss South, your company can’t treat 
researchers like that!” 
“Someone like N should be the star today, and yet no 
one knows who he is!” 
“Maliciously suppressing employees is something you 
can be sued for!”
Keira swept her gaze over the group and scoffed, “Who said I’m maliciously suppressing my employees?” 
Christina argued in a wronged tone, “If it’s not malicious suppression, then why doesn’t he even h authorship rights in the project report? There’s only code name. Surely it wasn’t his choice to remain 
anonymous?” 
The employees from Olsen Group came today, many o whom were researchers, and they frowned upon hearing this. 
Authorship rights were of great importance to them. 
60-24 
Being part of a project meant having one’s name on it. If they truly were part of such a big project, they’d want the whole world to know, rather than just being glossed over with a code name. 
Joined together, they believed it even more possible that Keira might indeed be suppressing someone! 
Thus, the crowd became increasingly righteous in their indignation. “Right, you can’t suppress someone like that. How can you treat researchers this way?!” 
“Actually, if you really want to know whether there’s suppression or not, why not just call N out, and we’ll find out?” 
“Is he here today? He’s not even been invited to the 
dinner, has he?”
“My God, that would be so pitiful!” 
“No way! I can’t stand this injustice! Miss Sou let N join this dinner!” 
Mary, hearing all of this, rolled her eyes. “You all babbling on and on here. Do you even understan real situation? The way I see you now is just laughable!” 
The crowd was perplexed. 
Christina frowned, immediately responding to Mary’s comment. “How can you speak like that? I’ll call N right 
now and let him come to explain everything to 
everyone!” 
No sooner had she finished speaking, Christina immediately took out her phone and dialed N’s number. 
The moment she made the call, Keira’s phone rang. 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
> 
图 
###Chapter 327
Everyone became quiet. 
They began to search for the direction of the ringing phone, and then one by one, their gazes fell on Keira… 
Christina was also stunned. 
They saw Keira slowly take out her phone. 
Christina said, “Your phone call is quite timely. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were N.” 
She sneered, just as Keira leisurely pressed the answer button and turned on the speakerphone. “Hello.” 
The same voice simultaneously came from Christina’s phone. “Hello.” 
Christina was bewildered. She stood frozen on the spot, looking at Keira in shock. She then looked incredulously at her own phone. “You, you…” 
Those two words also came from Keira’s phone… 
So, everyone began to look at her. 
It was Victoria who first snapped back to reality. “You are N?!” 
r 
Keira hung up and nodded. 
Mary snickered. “Of course, it’s Keera’s code name. She simply didn’t want to draw too much attention, so she just stayed low-key. Who would have thought you’d accuse someone of suppressing their own employees right from the start? Come on, Christina, will you please explain to me how Keera suppresses 
herself?” 
Christina was dumbfounded. 
She stood there stiff as a board, trembling with rage. 
Keira then said indifferently, “This way of poaching is considered malicious competition, right? The Olsen Group must give me an explanation today!” 
Christina was shocked, looking toward Victoria for 
help. 
Victoria’s expression didn’t change, but she stepped forward and said, “Miss South, there seems to be a misunderstanding here. My sister isn’t an employee of the Olsen Group, so there’s no issue with the Olsen Group stealing employees. I guess she just saw that N’s name wasn’t on the project proposal, so she came to voice her concerns…” 
21. 
Her words completely absolved Christina of responsibility.
Christina immediately nodded. “Exactly, that’s it! I just thought it was strange that N was being treated this way, so I misunderstood.” 
Victoria then sighed. “Sister, you start arguing without understanding the situation. You really must change this temperament of yours, otherwise, you’re going to 
suffer.” 
Christina hastily nodded. 
After that, the two turned to leave. 
“Stop.” 
Mary suddenly said. 
The two immediately looked toward her. 
Mary sneered. “When you do something wrong, don you know to apologize?” 
Christina immediately furrowed her brow. 
Victoria glanced at her and gave her a look. 
Making a scene today would be embarrassing, and Christina wouldn’t be able to explain it to the Olsen. 
wwwww 
< 
.
Group. 
Thinking about that, even though she was very unwilling, she still said in a low voice, “Miss South, I’m 
sorry.” 
Keira said, “What was that? I can’t hear you.” 
Christina was shocked. 
She puffed up with anger, resembling a blowfish, and shouted loudly, “I said, I’m sorry!” 
Keira was satisfied. “Well, don’t do it again next time.” 
Christina was speechless. 
She took another deep breath, suppressing the fury in her chest. 
The people nearby saw this and immediately flock Keira’s side, their attitudes completely changed. “M South, did you develop this project yourself? I had no idea you were so capable!” 
“Yeah, right, you’re so modest!” 
Someone, noting Keira’s beauty, couldn’t help but tease and ask, “Miss South, you’re so young and accomplished. Have you gotten married yet?” 
||| 
That question made the informed people present
somewhat stunned. 
Then everyone awkwardly chuckled. 
The person who asked the question seemed to realize something was amiss and immediately looked around hesitantly. 
Seeing this, Christina felt like she was finally about to turn the tables. She immediately laughed and said, “You’re really asking that question at the wrong time! Miss South hasn’t only gotten married, but she also just got divorced! It’s because of this project-her husband thought he’d be saddled with a penalty fee, so 
he abandoned her…” 
As she spoke, Christina laughed again. “Miss Sout speaking of which, you should pay more attention your family. If you’re focused solely on scientific research, your husband will run off with someone el 
won’t he?” 
The single men nearby suddenly lit up. 
Divorced? Didn’t that mean they still have a chance? 
Mary laughed scornfully in response. “Who cares 
nhout that irraananaihla saumhan? Rottor that he rat 
off! That way he won’t get a penny of our Keera’s money! And with Keera’s charm, she’s already got a new boyfriend!” 
As soon as those words came out, Christina looked toward Lewis in the corner. “Miss South, your boyfriend isn’t him, is he? A gigolo?” 
Mary immediately raised her chin, “Isn’t a gigolo a successful woman’s standard accessory? That just shows our Keera is charming!” 
Christina laughed again. “Right, charming… She’s only able to pretend to be a rich lady in front of these college students.” 
00 
She displayed a look of contempt. “But I think onger alliances are better, right? Otherwise, if one s dominant, the other side will have a hard time. example, Victoria will be marrying into the Hort family… Miss South, what’s your boyfriend’s background? Surely you didn’t really pick a gigolo no background, did you?!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She stroked her chin, how should she respond to th 
Just as she was nondering a voice came from the 
0022 
entrance, and everyone turned their heads to see Ellis and Ken walking in side by side, laughing and talking
amicably. 
Ken was asking, “I heard that your family had a 
marriage arrangement with the Horton family. Are you planning a marriage alliance?” 
Hearing this, Ellis paused. 
Keera and Keira are twins, which meant Keira was also his uncle’s daughter. 
So, actually… 
Ellis frowned. “The two families have already been joined by a marriage…” 
Even though Keira had passed away, she was still 
cousin! 
Thinking of Keira, Ellis couldn’t help but sigh inward 
Compared to Keera’s docile demeanor, he actually preferred Keira. He had been captivated by her graceful charms from the start; if only she were still alive, wouldn’t that be wonderful? 
As Ellis thought about this, he lifted his head to look toward the banquet hall. 
( 
There, Lewis, even sitting unassumingly, was the first 
person he spotted in the crowd!
There was no helping it! 
Years-long arch-rival! 
Ellis was momentarily stunned, convinced he must be seeing things! 
Why would he be here?! 
Upon hearing that the Olsen family and Horton family were already allied through marriage, everyone’s first reaction was to look at Victoria. 
Christina couldn’t help but ask, “Victoria, was the matter already decided? Why didn’t you tell me ” 
Victoria was also in a daze. 
She hadn’t heard about it either! 
She looked at Ellis but saw him excuse himself to 
and then stride toward the gigolo that Keera had brought over… 
###Chapter 328
At that moment, Ellis was intently staring at Lewis’s 
face. 
The man was dressed casually, looking several years younger than his actual age. People might even believe he was a college student. 
His handsome features, just like during his study abroad days, attracted the attention of the 
surrounding women. 
That guy had been in Clance all this time, and Ellis was 
aware of it. 
He had arranged several meetings, but Lewis had declined every time! 
Ellis had thought Lewis was still deep in heartache an couldn’t move on. How could he suddenly appear 
here? 
Hesitating, Ellis was just about to approach Lewis when Christina and Victoria came over. “Hi, Ellis.” 
Since the Olsen family’s third branch hadn’t split, they still considered one another brothers and sisters. 
<
Ellis was the eldest of their generation. 
He nodded at his two cousins. 
Although they weren’t as closely related as 
+67 
blood-related cousins, these two women had grown up with him after all, and Ellis was still fairly warm toward 
them. 
After nodding, he looked back at Lewis, ready to speak, when Christina asked, “Ellis, do you know him?” 
Christina pointed at Lewis sitting on the sofa. 
Ellis was about to nod when he saw Lewis imperceptibly shake his head. 
Was he…not planning to reveal his identity? 
Dressed like this, showing up here, and not who he was-what was he up to?! 
While Ellis was full of questions, Christina said Keera’s little boyfriend. I heard that Keera just g divorced and then turned to him for comfort. He seems to be a college student. Ellis, do you know 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
He stared at Lewis.
ling 
What had he just heard?! 
Lewis, the man who had an air of unapproachable arrogance at school, who was lawless and had an air of “leave me alone”, had actually fabricated his identity, 
pretending to be a university student to become Keera’s gigolo?! 
Ellis followed Christina’s pointed direction. 
His gaze first landed on Mary, but he quickly diverted his eyes, then looked toward Keira. 
Ellis then looked back at Lewis and twitched the 
corner of his mouth. 
No, it couldn’t be, right? 
Lewis, who always seemed so respectable, was wilder than him in private? Was he engaging in 
stand-in literature here?! 
No wonder when Keira just passed away, he looke utterly devastated, but today, his eyes seemed brig 
Had he found Keira’s stand-in?! 
Suddenly, Ellis imagined an entire fiction plot in his head, and his gaze toward Lewis became complicate
09.22 
lly 
He felt a mix of feelings-betrayed, dismal, sorrowful, 
and angry. 
He felt betrayed on behalf of Keira. 
How could he have found someone else here just over 
a month after her death?! 
He felt dismal and sorrowful for Lewis. 
His wife had been dead for over a month, and he 
hadn’t moved on. He was only able to find a stand-in as his emotional crutch. He must be struggling inside, right? Did he also feel pain and regret but was unable to extricate himself from his obsession because he 
could see Keera’s face that resembled Keira’s? 
Last, he felt angry for Keera. 
Keera, with her love-struck brain-it was no wond she decisively divorced her husband, but had she already had a backup plan? Did she realize that the gigolo she deeply loved, the man who lured her out o her painful marriage, only saw her as a stand-in?!
For a moment, Ellis’s mind was in complete disarray. 
Looking at Lewis, he almost couldn’t face him 
anymore. 
(09:22 
This was such a self-tormenting, heart-wrenching 
storyline! 
1 
Unbelievable! 
Ellis coughed and then heard Christina ask, “Ellis, you haven’t answered me yet. Do you know him?” 
“Uh.” 
Ellis covered for Lewis. “No, I don’t.” 
Christina breathed a sigh of relief. 
She knew it! 
How could an ordinary college student, a gigolo, possibly know her brother? 
Christina immediately turned to Victoria and void the question that was on her mind. “Ellis, you just mentioned that the Horton and Olsen families are entering into a marriage alliance… Has Mr. Horton come to Clance? When can you arrange a meeting
with him?” 
Ellis subconsciously looked at Lewis. “Lewis? Arrange meeting for what?” 
Christina laughed. “Of course, to meet with Victoria.. 
< 
to meet with us. After all, we’ll be related by marriage 
in the future!” 
Victoria immediately lowered her head, acting coy and shy. 
Ellis frowned. “Is that even necessary?” 
Christina and Victoria were slightly startled. 
Was there no need to meet before the wedding? 
Were the two families aiming for a marriage in the dark? 
But even so… 
Even if they met, what if they found each other unsuitable? What then? 
The alliance would still go ahead… 
Christina then reassured Victoria with a glance. “It’s fine if we don’t meet. But do you have a photo of Mr. Horton? Let us have a look.”
Ellis was perplexed. 
He did have one. 
But he couldn’t show it! 
00 22 
? 
He cleared his throat. “No, why would a man keep another man’s photo?” 
Victoria felt disappointed once again. 
Christina asked, “Then what does Mr. Horton actually look like? Is he very old? He shouldn’t be. All members of the rich families maintain themselves well, and I’ve heard Mr. Horton is handsome… Ellis, what does Mr. Horton really look like?” 
Ellis, bothered by her nagging, pointed directly at Lewis. “Lewis looks just like him!” 
A 
10 
> 
图 
Send Gif
###Chapter 329
The words stunned Christina and Victoria. 
Both turned in unison to look at Lewis. 
Yet, despite being stared at and pointed out like this, the college student remained calm and collected. He sat there with his eyes fixed straight on the tea in front of him, without sparing them a glance. 
Christina’s eyes lit up as she couldn’t help but turn to Victoria, “Victoria, although he’s just a common guy, he’s quite good-looking. If Lewis looks anything like him, then he must be decent in both character and appearance! You’ve really gotten lucky this time!” 
Victoria also showed a look of satisfaction. 
Just then, someone retched in the distance. 
The two turned their heads only to see Mary’s complexion suddenly change. She covered her chest and retched before rushing toward the restroom. 
The two of them pursed their lips in distaste and, turning back, found that Ellis had disappeared. 
Mary suddenly felt unwell, and her early pregnancy symptoms caught Keira and Mary off guard. 
Up until just now, Mary hadn’t felt anything at all. 
It wasn’t until the waiter brought a plate of pan-fried fish that the strong seafood smell hit her, making her unable to hold back any longer.
Keira held Mary’s arm and hurried into the restroom 
beside them. 
Mary, facing the sink, retched for a while before pushing Keira away. “Keera, I’m fine. You go out first. I’ll stay here for a bit.” 
Keira thought about it and decided not to insist. 
After all, Lewis was still sitting outside, and the visi today included the Davis family… 
Just now, the Davis family head, Ken, glanced at Lewi and seemed to have taken a few steps toward him. Sh couldn’t help but grow more anxious, so she nodded, “Call me if you need anything.” 
Keira exited the restroom and looked again toward Lewis. Sure enough, she saw Ken standing in front of 
him. 
Keira tightened her jaw and quickened her steps, just in time to hear Ken speaking, “What’s your name? Have we met before? Why do you look so familiar?” 
Lewis, who had always resented the Davis family, didn’t really respond to him but shifted his gaze away. 
The young man beside Ken was his son Chad, who immediately frowned and scolded, “Hey, do you know who my father is? My father is speaking to you. Why are you ignoring him? Don’t you know any manners?”
Lewis stood up abruptly. 
As he did so, his presence somehow grew, making Chad take a step back. 
Then, Lewis looked straight at Ken. 
Ken also frowned. 
He could sense the hostility emanating from the man in front of him but couldn’t understand why, so he continued to probe with a smile. “Young man, what’s the matter? Do we know each other?” 
“No, we don’t.” 
Lewis looked at his uncle and turned to leave. 
329 
Chapter 328 
Seeing this, Chad’s frown deepened, “If you don’t 
know, you don’t know. What’s with that attitude? Hey, didn’t your mother teach you how to speak to your elders? How can you be so rude!” 
At these words, Lewis halted abruptly, and his piercing gaze, filled with killing intent, shot straight at Chad. 
Keira, hearing this, felt like she was about to explode with anger! 
How could this man be so annoying?!
She blurted out, “Shut up!” 
Abandoning her image of being a pushover, Keira quickly got in front of Lewis, her stance protective like a mother hen ready for battle. 
Her eyes focused on Chad. “With that foul mouth, perhaps you should rinse it out before you speak and save everyone from the stench!” 
Chad instinctively covered his mouth, then realizing he was being insulted, his rage flared, and he blurted out, “You…” 
“You what? Didn’t your mother teach you not to involve elders when you speak?” 
C 
< 
Keira, her demeanor fierce, stepped forward and 
swatted away his pointing finger. “Before you criticize others, you should take a good look at yourself first!” 
Chad was speechless. 
Ken was also bewildered, looking at Keira with some confusion. “Miss South, it was just a few harsh words. Chad, aren’t you going to apologize to this gentleman right now?” 
Ken wasn’t frightened by Keira; after all, the
collaboration was just a project worth a few hundred million. He didn’t need to bow down to a young woman over this bit of money. 
He just felt that as an elder, he didn’t need to bothe 
with them. 
Chad snorted and then turned to look at Lewis. “Fine take back what I just said. I’ve offended your mom, an I apologize to her.” 
Did he just bring up Lewis’s mother again? 
Keira felt the anger in her chest flare up once more. She rolled up her sleeves and was ready to teach Chad a lesson, only to be held back by Lewis. 
 
Lewis looked down with subdued eyes and said indifferently, “There’s no need to apologize, after all…” 
A glint of ice flashed through his eyes. “I don’t have a 
mother.” 
Chad was startled by Keira’s aggressive demeanor, but after hearing Lewis’s words, he realized his earlier 
remark had hit a sore spot. 
Embarrassed, he scratched his head. “Has your mom passed away? Sorry, I really didn’t know about that…”
Lewis didn’t offer any explanation for the 
misunderstanding but instead, took hold of Keira’s hand and walked away. 
Even after they had left, Ken’s gaze lingered on the 
Chad then said, “Really, I spoke without knowing the situation. Dad, look at this Keera. Isn’t she said to ha a weak character? Where is there any sign of 
weakness? She’s fierce as death! With her 
temperament, could she really be so bullied by her ex-husband that she couldn’t raise her head? Just 
rumors…” 
Yet Ken furrowed his brows. “Why do I feel like I’ve 
coon him hafara2″ 
< 
“What?” Chad did not hear clearly. 
“Never mind.” Ken gave his son a disapproving glance. “Mind your tongue in the future.” 
Ken didn’t say anything else after that. 
Even though they had walked some distance, Keira was still fuming, her cheeks puffed up like a blowfish’s.
She muttered angrily, “The Davis family is so annoying. If they can’t speak decently, what’s the use of having a mouth? Gosh, I should think of something else to insult 
them.” 
After finishing her rant, she looked at Lewis and suddenly smiled. “I remember you’re pretty good at cursing. Could you do it for me?” 
Lewis was perplexed. 
Help her curse others on her behalf? 
This woman’s thought process was indeed unique. 
However… he was rather good at cursing… 
This reminded him suddenly of when they had just met, and Keira had posted on social media, where he had joined in cursing in the comments under her post 
111 
r 
Those moments were as clear as if they had happened 
just yesterday…
Seeing that his expression was lost in thought, Keira sighed in relief. She had successfully distracted him. 
Then she glanced toward the restroom. 
She wondered how Mary was doing now. 
At this very moment, Mary was doubled over, vomiting violently. 
Everything in her stomach had been thrown up, and now she was even retching up bile, feeling terribly 
uncomfortable. 
How could pregnancy be so painful? 
She felt as though she had no strength left in her b Her eyes and nose were reddened from the strain, 
her forehead was even beaded with cold sweat. 
At last feeling a bit better, she supported herself on the sink, her hand instinctively reaching for the tissue box to pull out a tissue and wipe her mouth. 
After fumbling for quite a while, unable to find a tissu a hand suddenly passed her the tissue box. 
DU:22 
Hastily, Mary wiped her mouth, then turned her head to say, “Thank…” 
But the word of thanks got stuck in her throat because the person standing in front of her was Ellis.
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
###Chapter 330
Mary paused immediately when she saw Ellis. 
She threw the tissue into the trash can nearby and then stood up straight, tidying the messy hair that had fallen over her face as she had been looking down. 
Then, she finally said, “Mr. Olsen, this is the ladies’ restroom, I believe.” 
“I know,” he said languidly, leaning against the wall. “I just came to see your pitiful state. What’s the matter? Is your pregnancy making you feel so awful? Wouldn’t it be easier to just terminate it?” 
Hearing those words, Mary trembled. 
She clenched her fingers and said, “This is a private matter, and it’s not your concern.” 
Seeing her like this, Ellis sneered. “Then I apologize for meddling! But as an unmarried woman, once your pregnancy becomes public, it won’t reflect well on you, 
will it?” 
Mary tensed her jaw, not wanting to speak, and walked directly past him. 
330 Chapter 320 
Ellis followed her. “What? Struck a nerve, have I? I really don’t understand why you’re so insistent on keeping the child. Are you planning on having the baby to claim some benefits from the father?” 
Mary’s chest heaved with agitation at his words.
Once she left the restroom, she stopped abruptly and turned to face Ellis. “Think whatever you want!” 
Ellis frowned, feeling irked, “Who exactly is the father of your child?” 
Mary stared at him. “I’ve told you before. It’s you.” 
Ellis scoffed. “And I’ve told you, it can’t be me. Mary, don’t overestimate your allure, thinking that a man would be willing to wear a cuckold’s horns for you!” 
Mary was infuriated by his words and clenched her fists tightly. “In three months, I’ll get an amniocentesis, 
and we’ll test the DNA!” 
“Still clinging to hope, I see. Fine, who’s afraid?” 
Ellis, finding her impervious to reason, turned and left. 
The two walked in opposite directions, conveying a sense of parting ways for good. 
218 
In the restroom, Victoria and Christina suddenly emerged from a stall. 
They had overheard the conversation in the restroom but missed what Ellis and Mary said after they left. However, the dialogue was already explosive enough! 
Mary was pregnant?
And an unplanned pregnancy! 
Her reputation in the circle wasn’t great before, and now with this, who would dare to marry her in the 
future? 
Christina thought about the slap she got from Keera that day, the way Mary stood in front of Keera defending her, and then how Mary had just helped Keera retort against her. A smile suddenly curled on her lips. 
She grabbed Victoria’s arm. “Victoria, let’s go. There’s a good show to watch outside!” 
The two left and headed toward where Mary was. 
Mary, being beautiful and a member of the Davis family, naturally had many admirers. 
A few executives from Olsen Group were there and 
went up to her with glasses in hand. 
“Director Davis, congratulations on your promotion to Head of the Investment Department! Let’s have a toast to your future success!” 
After saying his piece, the man emptied his glass and then gestured for Mary to do the same. 
Seeing this, Mary instinctively covered her stomach. 
She suddenly smiled. “I apologize, but my stomach is a bit upset today. I’ll have to drink tea instead of alcohol.” She reached out and picked up the teacup next to her.
Just as she was about to drink, Christina’s voice came through. “Director Davis, isn’t that somewhat disrespectful?” 
As Christina said, she already walked up to Mary. 
Her face was all smiles, showing no sign of her previous hostility. She picked up a wine glass and said, “Director Davis, I was being petty before and targeted you. Let me offer a drink as an apology. You have to at least drink this glass, right?” 
After she finished speaking, she put a glass of 
bu 23 
champagne in Mary’s hand and then picked up another glass of champagne and downed it in one go. 
Her hearty demeanor drew sidelong glances from the people around, and they all mentally gave her a thumbs-up. 
Christina then looked at Mary. “I know you’re not feeling well today, so a symbolic sip will do. The champagne isn’t that strong. 
But Mary furrowed her brows. 
Being pregnant, she shouldn’t drink alcohol, and now, with her heightened sensitivity to smells, how could she possibly drink it? 
She said, “Sorry, but today…” 
Before she could finish, Christina said, “Director Davi everyone here knows you can hold your liquor very well. You wouldn’t refuse to drink today, would you?” 
Mary clenched her jaw tighter, “Indeed, it is not appropriate for me to drink today.”
“Why is it not appropriate? I remember a quote of yours that circulates in our circle, “There is no liquor that can’t be drunk, only a heart that lacks sincerity.’ 
— )) 
So, are you saying you lack sincerity towards me and everyone else? Or is it because you’ve just been promoted that you look down on people now?” 
The person who had just come to toast Mary was also one of the executives of the Davis Corporation. 
He happened to be in charge of the investment department, essentially Mary’s superior. 
Toasting was simply a gesture of respect and esteem. If Mary didn’t drink, it could indeed come off as disrespectful. Hearing this, even his face changed 
color. 
Mary’s brow furrowed even more. 
Christina pushed the wine glass toward her and said, “Director Davis, if I were you, I would definitely drink that. Otherwise, it wouldn’t look good for anyone.” 
The glass of wine was placed right under Mary’s nose. 
The scent of the alcohol hit her full on, immediately causing another cramp in her stomach and making her suddenly cover her mouth, turning to run toward the 
restroom.
But her arm was suddenly grabbed by Christina. 
09.23 
68 
“Director Davis, are you feeling unwell? Surely, you’re not pretending just to avoid drinking?” 
Victoria said, “Director Davis, if you don’t want to drink, you can just say soy. There’s no need to pretend… we all understand.” 
The executive who had just come to offer the toast turned even darker in the face. 
He scoffed and said, “Director Davis, if you don’t want to drink, then forget it. I was the one who didn’t understand my place!” 
He turned and was ready to leave. 
The rest of the executives from Davis Corporation also showed contemptuous expressions. 
They had previously thought Mary to be hard-working and promising, which was why they came to bond with 
her, but could it be that she now felt she was above them since she was part of the Davis family? 
Mary, seeing this, understood she needed to make a 
choice!
On one side was the relationship with her colleagues, which could easily lead to misunderstandings if not 
(00:23: 
718 
clarified. 
On the other was her pregnancy…. 
She didn’t think being pregnant was something she couldn’t talk about. After all, marriage was a free choice, and so was pregnancy for a woman. 
Seeing that the executive was about to leave, Mary forcefully held back the churning in her stomach, turned around, and called out anxiously, “Sorry, it’s not that I won’t drink, but that I can’t drink because… I am 
pregnant!” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
:
Ch.33 
Terrible
###Chapter 331
The moment these words were spoken, the executive, who was about to leave, suddenly froze.” 
The rest of the Davis Corporation employees nearby also turned their gaze toward Mary. 
Christina feigned surprise. “Director Davis, what did you say?” 
Overwhelmed by emotion, Mary suppressed her nausea and repeated, “I said I’m pregnant, so I’m feeling unwell and can’t drink, sorry.” 
The executive was stunned as well. “I see, it’s okay, it’s okay… You definitely can’t drink if you’re pregnant. I didn’t know… so you… take good care of yourself…” 
Mary breathed a sigh of relief, and just as she was about to leave, Christina said, “Director Davis, I 
remember you aren’t married, are you? How could you be pregnant?” 
Her words cast a deadly silence over the crowd. 
Everyone’s eyes were on Mary, then they glanced at 
her stomach… 
GU:23 
117 
< 
Victoria chimed in. “Christina, how can you ask such a question? Since Director Davis has announced her pregnancy, it must be good news, right? May I ask who the father is?” 
The others immediately turned their attention to 
Mary. 
Mary clenched her jaw and took a deep breath. “Sorry, that’s my privacy.” 
Victoria went straight to the point. “Privacy? In 
families like ours, marriages are to be made public. Is 
Director Davis’s fiancé a secret?” 
Christina immediately scoffed. “Don’t tell me you don’t know who it is. I’ve heard that Director Davis’s personal life is quite controversial…” 
As soon as she said this, the employees from both Davis Corporation and Olsen Group started whispering and pointing at Mary. 
“She’s pregnant before she’s married?” 
“Although the Davis family has separated, won’t this really affect the reputation of the Davis family’s 
women?” 
09.23 
217 
“Mary has always been quite liberal with her social life, drinking with countless people for the sake of projects, but I heard she still has some boundaries!” 
“Boundaries? She’s pregnant now, where are the boundaries?” 
“Considering her status, wouldn’t the man take responsibility if she’s really pregnant? How come there isn’t even a fiancé?” 
“Maybe Christina is right. Mary has messed around with so many men that she doesn’t know who the father is. I’ve heard that in the circles of the wealthy, some live very wild lives, there are even those events…” 
“What? Where did you hear such gossip? Tell me, what happened?” 
“Don’t you know? I just heard about it, I’ve never see it… I heard that some people have very chaotic private lives, they like to gather a group of women and men, then everyone gets undressed, forms a circle, and the men stand still while the women rotate and pause for a 
minute…” 
“My God, I’ve really learned something new. If one were to get pregnant like that, you really wouldn’t 
377 
know who the father of the child is… You can only wait for the child to be born, then test all the men present 
that day…
“No way, would anyone dare to keep such a child?” 
“I heard the Davis family has good morals, nothing like this has ever happened before, could there be some misunderstanding?” 
Π 
Hearing all this, Mary was stunned; she had never expected gossip to shape into such a scenario. 
But she didn’t know how to explain, so she clenched her fists and turned to leave. 
Just then, Chad also heard the surrounding chatter and hurried over. When he heard that people were questioning the Davis family’s upbringing, his face darkened drastically. 
There were still several unmarried women in his 
family. 
If this scandal broke, would the other Davis family’s women still be able to get married?! 
His expression turned ugly as he stared at Mary, who 
had clenched fists. He quickly stepped forward to 
block her path. “Where are you going? Tell everyone who the father is!” 
Upon seeing this, Mary subconsciously looked toward 
Ellis. 
Ellis leaned against the wine table, a glass of
champagne in hand, gently swirling it. Although he had heard the commotion, he only watched it in silence as if the champagne was some kind of rare treasure that could be played with all night long. 
He showed no intention of coming forward to help her. 
Mary couldn’t help but let out a bitter smile. 
That was it. 
In his eyes, her child belonged to another man. She had messed around with others; how could he possib come forward to speak up for her? 
She lowered her gaze. “Chad…” 
“Don’t talk to me!” Furious, Chad stared at her and asked, “Just tell me, what’s the deal with this baby?!” 
Mary clenched her jaw, looking at him. “It’s what it is.” 
She looked at the people around her, with sharp eyes and a cold smile. “The country has laws that allow unmarried women to get pregnant and have children, don’t we? Are you all not allowing it? Or are you still living in the Medieval times? This is the 21st century! Don’t tell me everyone’s still holding onto those archaic ideas!” 
“You!” 
Seeing her so unabashed, Chad felt anger well up from
within him. 
Christina covered her mouth. “Miss Davis, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize that the Davis family was so lenient. In the Olsen family, we must be home at night, and any movements after ten o’clock must be reported to 
parents…” 
These words caused Mary’s complexion to change 
slightly. 
Just as she was about to speak, the scene in front of her darkened, followed by a “smack”! Chad’s palm struck hard against her face! 
As the elder cousin, Chad had the right to discipline his siblings, and what Mary had said here severely 
617 
impacted the Davis family’s reputation. 
Mary looked at him incredulously, “Chad?” 
Although Chad was strict toward them, she was, after all, a woman from another branch of the family. Chad had never laid hands on her before. 
Chad stared at her. “This slap is for your lack of self-respect! Mary, tell me now, who is that bastard man?”
At a distance, Ellis saw what was happening, and his brows furrowed immediately. His fingers tightened around the glass. 
R 
R 
10 
09 23 
> 
图 
###Chapter 332
Ellis subconsciously took two steps toward Mary, and then he saw Keera and Lewis rushing into the crowd, which made him pause slightly. 
He let out a sneer and continued to look down at the wine glass in his hand. 
Keira hadn’t expected Mary to encounter such an incident either; she hurried over upon hearing the commotion and had just gotten close when she heard the crisp sound of a slap. 
She immediately pushed through the crowd and charged in, positioning Mary behind herself, and then turned to Chad. “What gives you the right to hit people?!” 
Chad fixed his gaze on her. “On the grounds of the Davis family’s ancestral teachings! I am her elder brother! If she doesn’t respect or love herself, I have every right to teach her a lesson!” 
Keira countered. “That’s domestic abuse!” 
Chad circumvented her and turned to Mary, “Mary, 
19 
come and tell us. Do my hitting you count as domestic violence?!” 
Mary’s face had already begun to swell up. 
She was holding her head down, covering her face with her hands.
Keira argued. “Getting pregnant before marriage is her right! Chad, you’re infringing on her personal freedom by doing this!” 
Chad was already pointing at her, berating loudly. “Sure, getting pregnant before marriage is her right, but did she ever consider, after getting pregnant, what kind of impact that would have on the women of the Davis family? Did you not just hear? What have the Davis family’s women been reduced to in people’s imaginations? If I don’t discipline her? Who would dare marry any woman from the Davis family in the future?!” 
The rumors about the wealthy second-generation were already quite messy out there. 
The five major families put a premium on face and honor, hence they manage both boys and girls quite 
strictly. 
09.23- 
< 
In such matters, it’s often the girls who were at a disadvantage, so they were governed even more strictly. 
Under the deliberate guidance of Christina and Victoria just now, everyone had already formed a bad impression of the Davis family’s women. 
Chad’s words were spot on; if this matter passed without clarity, the reputation of the Davis family’s women would suffer, and marrying off would be difficult-doubt would be cast upon their honor!
Upon hearing this, Keira’s brow furrowed. She was about to speak when suddenly Mary pushed her arm away from behind. “Keera, this has nothing to do with 
you.” 
Mary emerged from behind Keira and came in front of 
Chad. 
She looked directly at Chad, then turned her head to the crowd. “My personal behavior has nothing to do with the Davis family.” 
Chad was about to retort, but Mary looked at him 
again. “Brother, since I’ve made a mistake, and as a woman of the Davis family, I should accept 
C 
punishment. Let’s go with the family law!” 
At these words, Chad’s eyes widened in disbelief, 
“You…” 
Mary said, “Let’s carry out the punishment right here, so everyone can see how strict the Davis family rules are! Don’t let my actions tarnish the Davis family’s reputation.” 
Chad was startled by her demeanor.
Even Christina couldn’t help but exclaim, “Family rules? My god, I’ve heard the Davis family’s punishment is flogging, and their whips have barbs… Those barbs would peel away a layer of skin… This girl hasn’t been chaste. How many lashes will she get?” 
Chad was stumped for a moment and didn’t answ 
Mary answered for him, “Five lashes!” 
Christina then exclaimed in shock. “Heavens, after fiv lashes, won’t her back be left without good skin? Mary, are you sure about this? You could just say who your boyfriend is, and have Uncle Davis advocate for you and arrange an engagement, couldn’t you? Why go to such lengths?” 
09.23 
Chad couldn’t bear to whip Mary either and quietly urged her, “Mary, please tell us! Father and I will take care of you! Who on earth is the father of the child? Just tell us who the child’s father is, and we can talk 
about what to do next. There’s no need to resort to 
flogging!” 
The whip was still coated with salt water and chili water, causing unbearable pain when it lashed the 
skin. 
When Chad was a child, his love for play was intense. Once he lied and underwent the family discipline invoked by his father, feeling as if his soul was nearly
torn out with each lash. 
Therefore, he couldn’t bear to see Mary suffer the 
same way. 
Yet, Mary clenched her fists tightly and kept her mouth firmly closed, adamantly refusing to speak. 
She couldn’t speak, because even if she did, Ellis would 
never admit it. 
Why should she humiliate herself? 
Mary lowered her head, saying nothing. 
Seeing this, Chad, frustrated with her obstinacy, blurted out, “Mary, why are you so stubborn! Even if the father of your child is a commoner, the Davis family can accept it! Why won’t you speak? Is it true what Christina said, that you don’t know who the father of your child is?!” 
His words were met with Mary’s continued silence. 
Chad, exasperated, couldn’t help but look around and say, “Is that man here? Look, Mary, he hasn’t come forward to protect you yet. Is he worth all this?” 
Mary remained silent. 
Chad was on the verge of madness, seeing no end to the dragging issue, he had no choice but to infor he family head, Ken.
Ken rushed over in haste and, seeing Mary’s condi and the crowd around, along with some journalists who had been specifically invited… 
He knew that they had to provide some explanation today. 
Otherwise, tomorrow the scandal would be all over the place, shaming the Davis family. 
679 
He turned to Mary. “Mary, I’m giving you one last chance, are you sure you won’t talk?” 
Mary shook her head. 
Ken took a deep breath and then looked around. “Isn’t there anyone who will come forward to admit it? Nowadays, free love is acceptable. As long as you step forward, the Davis family won’t do anything to you… we could even prepare a generous dowry for Mary!” 
Unfortunately, no one in the surrounding crowd spoke 
1. 
Keira immediately looked toward Ellis, glaring fiercely at him. Seeing his completely unmoved demeanor filled her with both anger and anxiety, her gaze suddenly shifted to Lewis. 
As she was about to say something, Lewis said indifferently, “I won’t help with that kind of favor.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say.
Asking Lewis to acknowledge the child was indeed asking too much. 
But she really couldn’t bear to watch Mary suffer like 
this! 
She wanted to rush over, but her arm was held by Lewis, who spoke in a voice that was not loud, yet it carried clearly to Ellis, “For Mary to have done such a thing, it indeed brings shame to the Davis family, and not being disciplined is no way to provide an 
explanation. Five lashes, considering she is pregnant and can’t take medicine, who knows if the wounds can 
even heal…” 
Keira immediately became even more anxious. “Then 
what should we do?” 
In the midst of the scene. 
Seeing that no one came forward and Mary remained silent, Ken sighed quietly and then said, “Bring me my whip!” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
10 
09.25 – 
E 
Terrible 
###Chapter 333
As Ken spoke, everyone was shocked. 
No one had expected that the head of the Davis family would carry out punishment in front of such a large audience. 
Even Christina was taken aback, and she exchanged a glance with Victoria. 
Although it was the 21st century, with a well-established legal system, families as entrenched as theirs still had their own family laws. 
These were in place to punish those who didn’t break the law but smeared the family’s reputation. 
Those outside the family weren’t privy to such matters; no family would enforce its laws in front of outsiders. Large families cared about face they wouldn’t broadcast the disciplining of their own, preferring to handle it privately. 
Today’s mention of family law was simply meant to pressure the Davis family into punishing Mary upon returning home, 
Chad was also confused. “Dad, maybe we should go home and carry this out….” 
Once they were back home, the enforcement would be less severe, and the prescribed five lashes might not all be carried out. 
But Ken was stubborn. “Since we’ve already made a spectacle, of course, we should do it here and show everyone how strict the Davis family is in managing its affairs!” 
Chad was bewildered.
Something seemed off to him. 
His father, the family head, was actually quite lenient with those beneath him, resorting to family law only for serious transgressions. 
Since Mary had already been given her own residence, effectively distancing her from the main lineage; there was no need to go this far. 
Even Mary herself was puzzled. 
When she mentioned family law, it was to protect the reputation of the women in the family and to salvage some honor for the Davis family. Yet she knew that Ken wouldn’t really flog her.. 
But if the flogging was carried out in public… how could Ken possibly spare her? 
Mary couldn’t figure out why, but her hand had already moved to her abdomen. 
She couldn’t possibly miscarry from a few lashes, could she? 
A look of worry crossed her face. 
Keira frowned, stepping forward. “Mr. Davis, are you going to publicly use capital punishment? After all, that would be illegal, wouldn’t it?!” 
Ken turned to look at her. “I’m disciplining a junior member of my own family. Will someone call the police? Or perhaps you, Mary, will call the police?” 
Knowing she was at fault for today’s matter, Mary simply closed her mouth and said nothing
Chad wanted to say more, but Ken rebuked him, “Just go if I tell you to go! Where did all th nonsense come from!” 
Chad had always obeyed his father, and with a sigh, he could do nothing but turn and exit the room. The hotel wasn’t far from the Davis residence, but it would still take at least half an hour to go back and forth… 
After Chad left, Ken found a place to sit down. 
Mary stood there, lost and unsure of what to do. She looked down at her abdomen, never once raising her head to look toward Ellis, who wasn’t far away. 
Keira wanted to rush over and take her away. 
But Lewis held her arm. 
Keira turned and frowned at him, only to hear him explain, “If the Davis family uses capital punishment in public, do you think the public opinion will be favorable?” 
Keira shook her head, “Of course not, so has Ken lost his mind?” 
As soon as she said this, she saw Lewis look at her intently. “Think again.” 
His voice was steady, calming Keira’s restless heart. 
As she looked again toward the distance, she muttered to herself, “Ken wouldn’t have reached his position today if he were foolish. I’ve interacted with him; he’s quite open-minded. He even promoted Mary beyond the usual protocols because he saw potential in her. He wouldn’t damage both parties in this manner, so….”
Keira’s eyes suddenly widened with disbelief as she looked at Lewis. “He knows that the child’s father is Ellis?”” 
Lewis lowered his gaze. “If she knows it, how could Ken possibly be unaware?” 
The “she” referred to Shirley. 
Keira immediately thought back to the day when she went to pick up Mary when Shirley urged Mary to get rid of the child. At that time, Mary was locked in a room and couldn’t possibly have informed Shirley. 
It must have been Mary’s parents who spoke of it. 
Considering the kind of people her parents were, and given Mary was pregnant with Ellis’s child, they certainly would have told Ken to gain some advantage! 
So… Ken really knew? 
Was this whole farce to lure Ellis’s benefit?! 
Ken was uncertain whether Ellis actually fancied the distant niece of the Olsen family. After all, the feedback from the arranged meeting was that he wasn’t interested. 
A niece managed to force Ellis to marry her just by getting pregnant, which could offend Ellis, and it might also put the Davis family in a disadvantageous position. 
So, Ken did this on purpose! 
He intentionally acted this way to force Ellis to make a choice! 
Keira realized this and immediately looked at Ellis, only to see his brows slightly furrowed
stared at Mary in the distance, with a hint of annoyance flashing across his eyes. 
Keira instantly felt an itch in her hands. 
Why wouldn’t this guy trust Mary?! 
Although Mary was forced by her Uncle Ken and father to go to all those drinking parties, the Davis family rules were strict, and she had never slept around! 
Keira wanted to go over and teach him a lesson but was stopped by Lewis, who grabbed her arm. “It’s useless to say anything. Ellis’s biggest trait is confidence.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Ellis was too confident in himself, which was why he refused to trust others. 
Thinking about it, wasn’t this characteristic of him? 
She was anxious. “So what do we do? I can’t just watch Mary get hit!” 
Lewis looked at her and saw her eyes were brimming with worry. He suddenly felt a bit 
uncomfortable. 
Concern led to chaos. 
Keira had always been a person of calm and restraint. When she herself was abused by Poppy Hill and cursed by Isla Olsen, she always remained calm, but now she was agitated because of Mary….. 
And for some inexplicable reason, his heart felt a bit sour. 
Lewis coughed to suppress that sour feeling, “If she really gets beaten, we’ll address it then.
Keira, hearing these words, nodded, “We can only do that.” 
Time passed quickly. 
When Chad walked over with the whip, both Christina and Victoria’s eyes lit up, and they subconsciously walked to Ellis’s side, whispering to each other. 
“I heard from Chad that this whip is really powerful… 
“Who knows whose bastard she’s carrying; one lash from this whip and the child might be gone. 
“If it’s gone, then it’s gone. Who asked her to do such an ugly 
“But I think Mary cares quite a bit about the child, and if the child is gone, she won’t get any more crazy ideas, right? 
The two giggled and spoke thoughtlessly, not noticing that Ellis’s expression was growing darker by 
the moment. 
Suddenly, Chad handed the whip over to Ken. 
Ken took it and swung it on the leather couch, instantly peeling away a layer of leather and sending out stuffing. 
The people around were shocked. 
Could Mary really endure such a whipping?! 
Mary also shuddered all over. 
She looked at the mark on the couch and fearfully turned her gaze to Ken.
“Kneel!” 
Ken roared at her. 
rl 
Mary bit her lip, pleading, “Uncle Ken, can we wait until after I give birth to carry out the 
punishment? I’m worried…” 
“The rules of the Davis family don’t give you the right to bargain!” 
Ken angrily interrupted her. “Reveal the father of the child. If you can’t, you can’t escape these five lashes!” 
Upon hearing this, Mary closed her eyes in despair. 
Ellis didn’t believe her, how could he possibly stand up for her. 
She looked at Ken, clenched her fists tightly, and slowly knelt. 
Seeing this, Ken immediately raised the whip! 
Just at that moment! 
“Stop!”
###Chapter 334
Keira was indeed panicking, terrified that the whip might even slightly touch Mary. 
As she watched Ken lift the whip in his hand, ready to bring it down, she could no longer hold back and stepped forward with large strides. Just as she was about to speak, a voice came through 
“Stop!” 
It was Ellis! 
Keira halted in her tracks and immediately turned toward him. 
Even Ken was trembling, feeling that if Ellis didn’t show up, he wouldn’t know how to end the scene! He immediately dropped the whip, looked at Ellis, and continued acting “Ellis, what are you doing? The Davis family is executing family law, surely you’re not going to stop us?” 
Ellis understood the insinuation in his words and coughed. “The child is mine” 
As soon as these words fell, a chorus of sharp intakes of breath filled the surroundings! 
Even Christina and Victoria, who had been enjoying the spectacle, stared at Ellis in astonishment. 
“Ellis, what nonsense are you talking about? How could Mary’s child be yours?” 
“Yeah, Ellis, don’t get yourself into that mess. 
Ellis didn’t care about these two and instead looked at Mary. 
Mary, who was kneeling on the ground, was now overwhelmed with shock and joy as she looked earnestly at Ellis.
Was he finally willing to acknowledge the child? 
In a moment, Mary found her eyes reddening, feeling like her sincere devotion wasn’t in vain. 
Ken pretended to be surprised. “What? It’s yours? Mary, is this true? When did you and Ellis get together?” 
Mary bit her lip and remained silent. 
Ellis then said, “During our last matchmaking meeting, it was love at first sight. We didn’t have the chance to inform you yet…” 
“I see!” 
Ken immediately dropped the whip, went forward to help Mary up, and then looked at Ellis. “You ty are really something. You’ve scared an old man like me. To think you’d keep such wonderful news. hidden; by the way, Ellis, when do you plan to get engaged?” 
Mary tensed slightly as she turned to look at Ellis. 
But Ellis was watching her without a hint of joy on his face, and that demeanor made Mary’s heart. sink. 
What did he mean? 
While contemplating, Ellis said, “As soon as possible. I’ll discuss it with my parents at home” 
Ken said, “Good, then I’ll be waiting at home for the happy news!” 
Leaving this remark, Ken turned to Chad. “What are you doing standing around? Hurry up and put away the whip, lest we become a laughingstock again!”
Chad was speechless. 
Ken then glanced at Mary before laughing. “Alright, I’ve shown my face. This sort of occasion should be left to you young people to enjoy, I’ll be leaving now.” 
With those words, Ken took Chad and departed. 
After the two had left, Mary wanted to say something to Ellis, but the people around them had already closed in, coming forth to congratulate them. 
“Mr. Olsen, congratulations!” 
“Director Davis, this truly is a double blessing for you!” 
“Congratulations, congratulations…” 
“I wish you both a lifelong union and hearts forever entwined!” 
Seeing the crowd envelop the pair, Keira gave a wry smile, feeling relieved. She turned to Lewis and said, “What do you say? Do you think Ellis really believes the child is his or not?” 
If he did, that would be very strange. 
But if he didn’t… wouldn’t that mean Mary was seen as a liar in his eyes? Why would he stand up for her then? 
Could it be…. 
Keira’s eyes lit up, and she immediately looked at Lewis. “Do you think Ellis might actually like Mary…” 
The rest of her words stopped short upon seeing Lewis’s expression.
Because she realized that Lewis was staring at the doorway, where the backs of Ken and Chad were visible. 
With that look, he must be thinking about his biological mother again, right? 
His own uncle was right in front of him, but he didn’t recognize Lewis…. 
Even if there was no real contact, would looking at a photo be so difficult? But it was clear they had never paid attention, which meant the Davis family really didn’t care about their nephew, Lewis. 
Seeing him like this, Keira immediately felt a twinge of heartache. 
She took her focus off Mary and put all her attention on Lewis. 
She clasped his hand. “It’s okay, I’m still by your side.” 
Lewis seemed to come to his senses then, lowering his head and sighing quietly. He tightened the grip on her hand. “Keira, don’t ever leave me.” 
“Okay.” 
“Keira, everyone else has someone to love them, but I only have you and Grandma. And Grandma’s health isn’t good…. She’s recuperating in Oceanion, and now, I only have you” 
“I know, I understand” 
Keira hugged him, always feeling like something was not quite right. 
As she pondered, his large hand tightly encircled her waist, “Keira”
Keira immediately stopped her wild thoughts. Tm here: 
The banquet ended with the good news of Mary and Ellis’s impending engagement. 
After everyone dispersed. 
Mary finally had the chance to speak alone with Ellis. 
She followed him into his car, Ellis was going to drive her home himself. 
In the car. 
Mary still found it unbelievable. 
Was she really together with Ellis? 
Her youthful fondness had turned into current joy. 
While she was still basking in happiness, the cold voice of the man next to her suddenly came through. “Find a time to get rid of the child.” 
Upon hearing these words, Mary stiffened instantly. 
She looked at Ellis in disbelief. “What… did you just say?” 
Ellis irritably loosened his tie. “Mary, what are you still pretending for? This act you and your uncle are putting on, isn’t it just to force me? Fine. I’ll accept you as a person, but that doesn’t mean I’m ready to happily be a father, does it?!” 
What Lewis could see, Ellis could see as well. 
Ken was clearly putting on an act.
But Mary only felt a chill rush from the top of her head to the soles of her feet, drenching her, as she looked at Ellis in shock. “You still don’t believe this child is yours?” 
Ellis suddenly tugged at his tie again, “I told you I have a low sperm count!” 
Ever since he learned about this condition, he consulted several doctors and even tried traditional 
medicine, but nothing worked. 
fate. 
The doctors all suggested that he relax and leave it to fa 
But they also told him to prepare to be childless for life…. that maybe he could adopt a few children. 
So, how could he possibly have a child?! 
Had Mary created a medical miracle for him? 
Mary looked at him in shock. “If you don’t trust me, why did you still stand up for me?!” 
Why? 
Ellis was stunned. 
He didn’t know why 
ther. He only knew that at that moment, the only thought in his head was that 
he didn’t want to see Mary get hurt.
Elsewhere. 
Lewis was driving, taking Keira back to the South household. 
On the way, Keira was still carefully observing his expression, to see if he was still upset, but his brow remained furrowed, his expression somber and troubled. 
Keira was about to comfort him when her phone suddenly rang. 
Picking it up, she glanced at it and saw that the caller ID displayed no number! 
She answered with a frown, and an electronic voice came through from the other side. “Keera, Mary and Ellis are about to be engaged, and you’ve finally completed the first task. 
Keira’s heart skipped a beat, and her pupils suddenly contracted. She wanted to ask who they were, but she understood that Keera wouldn’t ask such a question. 
She lowered her gaze and spoke softly, “I want to go back. Can I do that?” 
“Heh, you want to come home now? Is it because your biological mother, Jodie South, has been caught and brought back?” 
Keira immediately clenched her fingers. “How is she? I want to see her.” 
“It’s not impossible.” 
The other side laughed. “I can show you the wayhome.” 
###Chapter 335
Keira Olsen heard these words, but there was no joy on her face. Instead, she asked, “What’s the condition?” 1 
“Complete the task I’ve set.” 
Keira Olsen scoffed. 
She knew that the other party wouldn’t tell her easily. 
She asked straightforwardly, “What if I can’t complete it?” 
The other side laughed, “Nange, you should know that your mother is a traitor to the South Family, right? What do you think happens to traitors caught by the South Family?” 
Keira Olsen’s heart tightened, and her words trembled, “What happens?” 
“Solitary confinement is the least of it. For someone like your mom, she’d be living in the Water Prison, given only a little bit of sustenance each day. Some might even be subjected to public protests and floggings… The most severe would be the cangue drowning, killed by submersion.” 
The other party’s threatening words made Keira Olsen feel as if she were in a daze. 
She even looked around for a moment, feeling like she had stepped back into ancient times. Isn’t this the 21st century?! 
How could there be places that operate their own private torture chambers?! 
But Keira Olsen wasn’t naive.
Crera’s system is based on equality, where everyone could enjoy fair treatment. But the world is too vast, and there are still places with slavery. 
And there are regions where women can’t show their faces in public… 
Maybe, in underdeveloped areas, people hadn’t completely evolved to a civilized society… there were even places consumed by constant warfare…. 
So the place the person mentioned could indeed exist. 
But Keira Olsen wasn’t intimidated. The more the other side said this, the more it showed that Jodie 
South was safe for now. 
Indeed, the other party spoke up, “Your mom is currently in our care, nothing like that has happened to her yet, but if you’re not obedient, that could change.” 
Keira Olsen lowered her eyes, speaking hastily, “Haven’t I been obedient already? The business with Ye Min and Xu Chimo is done.”> 
“Hahaha, yes, you’re done, Nange. It seems the pressure we’ve put on you in the past was too insignificant. I didn’t expect that for all these years I was overlooking a great deception, you’ve been hiding your true strength… You’ve really brought me a great surprise. Since that’s the case, then show your full power! Let’s see if you really have the qualifications to come home!” 
After finishing these words, the other party said, “Getting Ye Min and Xu Chimo to marry is the first 
task. Today the news of their engagement has spread; I suppose you should be able to complete that quickly. The second task, I will send to your mobile phone in a couple of days” 
After this, the other party hung up the call. 
Keira Olsen looked at her phone, her brows furrowed. 
Lewis Horton was driving the car, which was silent throughout the call. Now that she had hung up, he finally spoke up, “What is it?” 
Keira Olsen relayed the other party’s words to Lewis Horton. 
Then Lewis Horton responded, “It seems this place must not be in Crera. Nan Ge, don’t worry, I’ll have people search the entire world.” 
… But the world is so vast; her mother could be hidden anywhere, even on an undiscovered deserted 
Island. 
No wonder the immense power of both the Olsen and Horton families couldn’t find her. 
Keira Olsen lowered her eyes, understanding that there was only one path left for her to take. 
That was to complete the task. 
In Xu Chimo’s car. 
Xu Chimo irritably adjusted his tie and then turned to her, “Look, if you want to keep the child, I’m not going to agree to marry you. Ye Min, it’s up to you!” 
Ye Min heard this and let out a bitter smile.
She turned her head to look at the scenery outside the window and said, “Don’t worry, intention of clinging to you.” 
Her demeanor made Xu Chimo feel even more frustrated. 
I have no 
The two of them didn’t speak for the rest of the journey and soon arrived back at the South family 
villa. 
Noticing the address outside, Xu Chimo finally realized something. “You’re not staying at the Davis family’s?” 
“Mmm, I’ve been staying here with Nange for the last couple of days.” 
Ye Min pushed the car door open, not looking at him, “Thanks for the ride home, goodbye” 
She walked straight through the entrance of the Nan family villa. 
No sooner had she entered than she leaned against the door, pressing her hand to her heart. 
Then, Ye Min clenched her jaw tightly, and her eyes slowly reddened. 
That Xu Chimo, he really knew how to make hurtful remarks. 
She did like him, but she was not a masochist. Having dodged this bullet today, she would tell her parents tomorrow that she wanted to go abroad, and then leave the country. 
She was going to take her child and never return to this heartbreaking place. 
Suddenly, her phone vibrated. 
She opened it and saw that it was a WhatsApp message from Ye Kal: “Minmin, Xu Chimo’s parents have contacted me and will come over to propose marriage tomorrow. Remember to come back for a 
visit.” 
Ye Min clenched her fists tightly upon reading this message. 
She replied, “Uncle, there’s no need to bother, I’m not suitable for Xu Chimo,” 
After replying to the message, she stepped forward, preparing to head towards the living room. 
But as she approached, she suddenly heard a conversation between Nange and the gigolo from inside 
a room. 
Nange said in a low voice, “Why do you think the first task they assigned me was to get Minmin and Xu Chimo married?” 
Hearing this, Ye Min felt like she was struck by lightning, freezing on the spot. 
She wasn’t misunderstanding, she suddenly remembered that Nange had once vaguely mentioned the first task… to get her married to Xu Chimo? 
It suddenly occurred to her that when Nange had been in a panic, scared after receiving the “task” they assigned her, she was absent-minded. Later, when she inquired, Nange had answered, “They asked me to scheme against the most important person to me, and I refused.” 
Back then, she thought the most important person was Zhang Hao. 
But actually, the most important person was herself?!
And then she thought about what happened later… 
Nange’s personality was always very soft, towards Zhang Hao as well as towards herself. They had shared twenty years of friendship, yet Nange blocked her because of a word from Zhang Hao… 
Was that also a way of protecting her?! 
Ye Min was not foolish, and she had a natural trust in Nange. 
She knew Nange wouldn’t scheme against her, and the relationship that developed between her and Xu Chimo had naturally evolved, and it had nothing to do with her. 
Sure enough, she heard the gigolo say, “I’m not sure, but this first task was a shot in the dark for you, and it was unexpected that they’d end up together.” 
Then Nange spoke up, “That scumbag Xu Chimo, if he dares to mistreat Minmin, I definitely will not let them get married! When Minmin gets back, I’ll ask her properly.” 
Ye Min’s eyes reddened. 
She just knew… 
But then she heard the gigolo say, “What about your mother? If you don’t complete the task, you won’t be able to save her.” 
Ye Min’s pupils shrank instantly. 
Save her mother? 
Ye Min could feel that Nange had been troubled recently, becoming much more somber, as if suddenly weighed down by more responsibilities. 
She had been wanting to find an opportunity to ask what was going on. 
But she had never imagined it was something this serious! 
Nange had mentioned knowing where her biological parents were-was her mother captured by 
“them”? 
No wonder Nange had recently needed to complete tasks! 
Just as she had this thought, she heard Nange continue, “No matter what, Minmin’s happiness cannot be sacrificed.” 
Ye Min’s eyes teared up. 
Nange had always considered her wellbeing… 
Ye Min suddenly clenched her fists, turned around, and quietly left the living room, approaching the front door, not hearing Kiera Olsen’s following words: “Ye Min is my most important friend, my sister would never use her, nor will I.” 
Ye Min quietly opened the door and left the Nan family villa, standing outside. 
Her phone vibrated again, she picked it up and saw it was another message from Ye Kai: “Good child, are you having a quarrel with Xu Chimo?” 
There were also several messages from her parents:
“Minmin, stop being stubborn, hurry back home, okay? Marrying Young Master Xu is the glory of your life! Your reputation is already ruined, who else would you marry if not him?” 
Looking at this WhatsApp message, Ye Min suddenly lowered her gaze and smiled. 
Her refusal to marry Xu Chimo was always her self-righteous pride. Her desire to leave was also just her self-righteousness. 
So… 
Ye Min replied to the message: “Come pick me up.”
###Chapter 336
Mary moved back home. 
When Keira received her video call, she was slightly taken aback, “Why so sudden? What about your parents…” 
In the video, Mary smiled faintly. “I’m now Ellis’s fiancée. They couldn’t wait to hold me up high, how dare they lay a finger on me now? Don’t worry! I’m the Davis family’s princess now!” 
Keira stared into her eyes. “Mary, tell me the truth. Does Ellis believe that this child is his?” 
Mary nodded, “Yeah, he does! That’s why we’re marrying because of the child!” 
Having said that, she sighed. “But he’s naturally promiscuous; if not for this child, I’m afraid he wouldn’t have married me.” 
Keira immediately said, “Then don’t get married! We can’t let a child trap your entire life.” 
“Don’t be silly.” 
Mary winked at her. “It’s such a great opportunity. Of course, I’m going to seize it! I’m not after him as a person; I’m after the status of Mrs. Ellis! Once I marry him, I want to see how Victoria and Christina can still act so high and mighty in front of us!” 
Keira wanted to talk her out of it, but Mary suddenly became serious. “Keera, I’m not like you. I was born into a large family; I have a mission to fulfill with this arranged marriage. If I don’t marry him, not only will my reputation be ruined, but I’ll probably be sold off by my uncle. So, after much consideration, this is the best outcome.
Keira still looked at her with concern, “Are you sure you have thought this through?” 
“Yes.” 
Mary beamed. “His parents are here; we’re about to discuss the wedding. I’ll stop chatting now” 
As she said that, she turned the camera around, and just then, several luxury cars drove in. Keira 
nodded. 
After hanging up, she looked at Lewis stepping out, frowning slightly. “I always feel there’s something off about Mary’s emotions, and Ellis has come around that quickly?” 
Lewis replied, “For Mary, he even accepted the child that he believed not to be his. What else is there to think through? 
Keira tilted her head. “Is that so?” 
Of course, it wasn’t! 
Ellis was at that moment staring at Mary, his eyes blazing with fury. 
Mary said yesterday that she wouldn’t agree to the marriage. 
So today when Ellis‘ parents came to propose, he wanted to come along to see if she had changed her mind. He didn’t expect that she would agree! 
Ellis‘ mother was holding Mary’s hand, praising her. “Good child! Ellis is a spoiled kid. If he doesn’t 
treat you well in the future, just come to me! I’ll back you up
“Okay” 
Mary nodded. 
Ellis‘ mother then took off her bracelet and handed it to her. “This is our family heirloom, and from now on, it’s yours! When the child is born, if it’s a girl, give it to her. If it’s a boy, give it to his wife? 
Ellis‘ mother looked at Mary, unable to contain her smile. “You’re so beautiful. My darling grandchild will definitely be gorgeous too!!” 
Mr. Olsen was also staring at Mary’s belly. It was impolite, but despite trying to look away, as soon as he thought about his dear grandchild, he couldn’t shift his gaze. 
For so many years, the company’s affairs had been managed by his younger brother, the future was handed over to his son, bypassing himself, the moderately capable eldest brother. 
As a result, he had been slacking off at home. 
If this child were born, he would be able to look after his grandchild! 
As a child, he relied on his father. 
As he grew up, he depended on his younger brother. 
He was approaching fifty–five, and he relied on his son. 
Once he turned eighty, he would rely on his grandchild! 
Everything was just perfect! 
Both were extremely satisfied with Mary as their future daughter–in–law!
Ellis watched them, his gaze falling on Mary, his expression changing several times, looking incredibly upset. 
Then the two families began to discuss the wedding date. 
Ellis casually said, “There’s no hurry, right? After all, she’s still pregnant!” 
Ellis‘ mother immediately said, “What are you talking about? It’s precisely because she’s pregnant that we need to hurry! We can’t wait until her belly is too big, can we? That wouldn’t look good. Right, Mary?” 
Mary hung her head and nodded, “Auntie’s right.” 
“I think it’s best to do it within three months!” 
Ellis‘ mother said, “Otherwise, let’s pick a date in the middle of next month!” 
It was only the beginning of the month…. 
Thinking about the task Keera had mentioned, the sooner they got married, the better, Mary said. “Auntic, maybe that’s not a good idea.” 
Ellis sneered internally, glad that the woman still had a shred of decency. 
Just as he was thinking about this, Mary said, “I want to do it this month 
330 Chapter 335 
Ellis was dumbfounded.
Ellis‘ mother and Mr. Olsen were also taken aback, and even Mary’s parents and Ken started coughing and giving her meaningful glances. 
A woman shouldn’t be too eager to get married! 
But Mary seemed to have not noticed their looks and just looked at Ellis‘ mother. “Is that okay?” Ellis‘ mother nodded, “That’s fine, but it’s so rushed. The wedding dress and the hotel might not be up to par…. 
Mary hurriedly said, “Just getting a certificate is fine; it’s also okay if we don’t have a ceremony” 
“How can that be possible?” Ellis‘ mother held her hand. “You are our daughter–in–law–to–be whom we’ve approved. We can’t let you be ill–treated! So, this month it is! With the financial power of the Olsen and Davis families, I don’t believe we can’t prepare a wedding in a few days!” 
Mary nodded. “Okay” 
Ellis didn’t know what to say. 
Once the parents from both sides had chosen the date, Mary picked one that was particularly soon, almost just a week away. 
Then the parents on both sides started discussing the wedding details, asking Mary to take Ellis up t her room to sit for a while. 
Mary obediently nodded and led Ellis upstairs. As soon as the two entered the room, Ellis grabbed. Mary and pinched her chin, making her look up at him. 
Ellis said fiercely, “What? Have you decided to have an abortion? You want to hold the wedding in a week. Do you think you have enough time for a medical abortion now?”
Mary immediately grabbed his hand. “Ellis, this child is yours. Three months will pass quickly, and then I’ll have an amniocentesis with you. If it’s not yours, I will abort it right away, alright?” 
Ellis stared at her, then suddenly sneered. “Now I understand why you’re so desperate to marry me. Is it because you know that after three months, I can get it tested, and you want to marry me before the three months are up?!” 
Mary’s face turned pale. 
Ellis glared at her. “What do you think will happen if I go down right now and tell them the child isn’t mine?” 
Mary immediately became anxious. “Don’t!” 
“Don’t?” Ellis suddenly laughed, looking at her with a frivolous gaze. “If you want me to endure this humiliation, then shouldn’t you do something about it?” 
Mary was startled. “What?” 
Ellis suddenly began to rip open her clothes. “Of course, you need to do something that makes me feel pleased… 
11.4
###Chapter 337
Mary immediately struggled. “Don’t!” 
She pushed Ellis away, then held her shoulders and pleaded. “The baby is just over a month old, we can’t… otherwise, I may have a miscarriage!” 
“Is that so?” 
Ellis sneered. “Wouldn’t it be better if that happens? Then you would no longer have any leverage 
over me.” 
Mary’s eyes teared up instantly. “Ellis, this is your child too!” 
“I said, it’s not mine!” 
Ellis yelled and said furiously, “Is this child that important to you? Why are you so unwilling to have an abortion?!” 
Seeing his attitude, Mary knew that anything she said would be useless. 
She closed her eyes. 
Seeing her like this, the anger in Ellis’s heart grew even fiercer. Suddenly, he let go of her and sat down on the sofa, spreading his legs indifferently. 
Then, he spoke to her in the most malicious and frivolous tone imaginable. “Actually, even if you’re pregnant, you can still satisfy me, can’t you?!” 
Mary didn’t understand at first and looked at him, puzzled.
Ellis sneered. “What are you pretending to be innocent for?! You’ve entertained so many bosses. I don’t believe you haven’t done this kind of thing! What? Can’t let go in front of me?!” 
Mary was an adult and suddenly understood what he meant. Immediately, her face turned as paper! 
s pale as 
Seeing she understood but just stood there staring blankly at him, the irritation in Ellis’s heart grew deeper. 
He had agreed to marry her, yet she still insisted on giving birth to another man’s child… 
In her eyes, was he really such a fool?! 
He stood up abruptly and strode out. “Since you are unwilling, then let’s call off this engagement!“ 
But as he made it to the door, Mary suddenly grabbed his arm. 
Ellis turned back coldly, only to see Mary’s teary eyes as she looked at him, “…Okay.” 
Her eyes were bloodshot, and she bit her lip hard, her hands trembling as she unfastened his belt.…….. 
One hour later. 
May and Ellis came downstairs. 
Ellis’s face was dark, but his body seemed relaxed. 
Mary looked stunned, her eyes slightly red, and the area around her lips felt numb.
Downstairs, their parents had already finished discussing their matters and had scheduled the wedding for one week later. Seeing the two of them, Ellis‘ mother immediately smiled. “Alright, now that everything’s settled, we’ll leave you alone. I’ll personally deliver the betrothal gifts tomorrow!” 
Ken also smiled. “The dowry from our family will also be ready; don’t worry!” 
The two of them exchanged a knowing smile and then turned to look at Mary. 
Ellis‘ mother suddenly paused, then glared at Ellis. 
Until they left, Ellis remained silent, bringing great relief to Mary. 
Inside the Olsen family car. 
Ellis‘ mother pinched Ellis hard. 
Ellis exclaimed in surprise. “Mom, what are you doing?!” 
“What am I doing? Mary is pregnant, and I won’t allow you to mess around!” 
Ellis’s face immediately turned red, “I, I didn’t…” 
Ellis‘ mother stared at him. “You think I don’t know what you young people are up to?” 
Ellis stiffened, and his mother said resentfully, “Control yourself. You can’t do that kind of thing in the first month of pregnancy. Don’t Mary all the time! Her lips are swollen from all the kissing“” 
Ellis relaxed. 
He thought about the unspeakable things he had just done in the girl’s cozy pink room and suddenly said, “Mom, let’s repaint my room at home.”
His mother nodded. “Okay” 
Ellis also thought about the height of that sofa, which was just right for Mary to kneel on the ground…. 
He swallowed and then said, “And get a new sofa.” 
Keira had no idea what had happened at the Davis residence. 
At the moment, she was out having lunch with Lewis. 
Upon receiving a message from Mary about getting married in a week, Keira suddenly panicked. She gave Lewis a look and quickly found a secluded place to call Mary. 
Meanwhile. 
At the entrance of the restaurant, Frankie and Rebecca appeared. 
Frankie immediately said, “This restaurant is newly opened and has good taste, so I brought you here to try it out.” 
Reber a nodded indifferently. 
The spiritless girl had become so thin that she was nothing but skin and bones. Her eyes were lifeless, and she looked like a walking corpse. 
273 
Seeing Rebecca like this, Frankie couldn’t help but sigh.
Ever since Keira passed away, Rebecca had been in this state. 
He knew that after being betrayed by a scumbag and a wicked mother–in–law, she had lost all hope in life. Her parents and brother had been on her opposing side before, so she couldn’t trust them. 
Thus, when she was recuperating in Oceanion, Keira was almost like her light. 
Rebecca felt motivated when she saw Keira. 
But then… Keira died. 
Without her light, she was like a flower that lost the sun, slowly withering away. 
It had been several days since Rebecca had eaten properly. 
Frankie and his parents racked their brains every day to find ways to get her to eat. Frankie, who was crazy about doting on his sister, searched all over Clance for food to entice her. 
The two of them entered and sat down as Frankie ordered several signature dishes. 
Rebecca responded with a slight nod. 
She slowly lifted her head, attempting to look across, then suddenly, she saw a familiar figure!!
###Chapter 338
Rebecca’s eyes suddenly lit up. 
She had spotted Lewis! 
It was as if she saw a fellow traveler in the darkness, and her eyes suddenly teared up, “Frankie, why is Mr. Horton here?!” 
Frankie was also startled and turned his head to see Lewis as well. 
But the Lewis before them seemed different from the one they used to know. 
He was dressed in casual sportswear, appearing several years younger, with a face that bore a gentle expression, completely devoid of the past’s decadence. 
Did he look like someone who had just lost his wife? 
Frankie was puzzled but still explained, “Horton Group’s projects have expanded to Clance, and Lewis has been here for over a month now.” 
Upon hearing this, Rebecca frowned. “Why isn’t he in Oceanion to accompany Miss Keira? Shouldn’t he be there for the first month of her mourning periods?” 
Frankie thought carefully and realized that Rebecca was right… 
Seeing how agitated Rebecca was, he couldn’t help but say, “That’s hard to say. After all, the journey between the two places is only six hours. Maybe he goes back from time to time? This is, after all, someone else’s private matter, and it’s not right for me to pry.” 
Rebecca’s jaw tensed. “Why does he not look sad at all?”
Frankie coughed and said earnestly, “Rebecca, not everyone shows their pain outwardly. Most men keep their sorrow deep inside, and someone with a strong mentality like Lewis even more so.” 
“Really?” 
Rebecca stared intently at Lewis. “But I don’t see a trace of sadness on his face!” 
“That’s exactly what shows his inner strength. Besides being Keira’s husband, he’s also old Mrs. Horton’s grandson. If he can’t move on, who will take care of old Mrs. Horton? Rebecca, you should do the same. Try to forget Keira, okay? It would also worry our parents less.” 
At the mention of this, Rebecca’s eyes immediately moistened. “I won’t!” 
Her tears streamed down. “The true death of a person isn’t the disappearance of their physical form. but when no one remembers her anymore. Frankie, no one in Oceanion remembers her, and no one around will remember her. The only one who could remember her is her mother, and she’s nowhere to be found. If I forget her too, then she truly dies!” 
Hearing this, Frankie fell silent, and after a long pause, he finally said, “Rebecca, I’ll remember her 
too. 
“I know. 
Rebecca wiped her tears. “This past month, though you haven’t said it, you’ve lost ten pounds. 
Frankie, I know, you were a little in love with her, weren’t you?” 
Frankie didn’t speak.
Rebecca then said, “So, you just had a crush on her, and you’ve lost ten pounds. But look at Lewis; he hasn’t lost any weight at all!” 
Had Lewis not lost weight? It was just that Keira had seen his checks becoming hollow and had found a way to help him gain it back over the past week! 
Keira was so good at cooking, the food she made was not only nutritious but also delicious. 
Lewis had been nourished to look lively and spirited, his smile so composed and confident. 
He looked nothing like the disoriented man at the funeral back then. 
So, Rebecca could tell at a glance that he wasn’t sad. 
Frankie didn’t know what to say… 
This was, after all, someone else’s private matter, he couldn’t just rush up to ask Lewis, “Why haven’t you lost weight?” after Rebecca’s few words. 
He coughed, intending to say something in defense of Lewis, but then he saw the silhouette of a woman, with her back to them, sitting in front of Lewis. 
Frankie paused slightly and instinctively glanced at Rebecca. 
Indeed, he saw Rebecca with eyes wide open in astonishment, looking at them in disbelief. 
Before Frankie could speak, Rebecca was already trembling with anger. “No wonder he came out so quickly. He has found a new love! Frankie, do you see? Miss Keira has been dead for just over a month, and he has already found someone new… it’s simply outrageous!” 
Frankie was speechless.
His jaw tensed as he tried to soothe her. “Perhaps this is just a facade of his?” 
“What facade! Stop making excuses for him! Actions speak louder than words!” Rebecca’s eyes brimming with tears as she exclaimed, “Miss Keira was so kind to him while she was alive, and she helped the Horton Group so much! How could he do this to her?!” 
Rebecca’s chest heaved with anger, and her face turned deathly pale. “Look how happy he is laughing! Frankie, he’s clearly fallen for someone else!* 
“Rebecca!” 
Frankie also raised his voice. “This is someone else’s freedom, and you shouldn’t be accusing him! Even if Keira were still alive, he would still have the freedom to stray!” 
“No way!” 
Rebecca’s tears spilled over. “He can’t cheat on her! How heartbroken would Miss Keira be?! I won’t allow it! 
Rebecca cried inconsolably. “Frankie, I won’t allow him to cheat. Whether he’s busy with work or engrossed in other things, he just can’t cheat on her, Frankle! How can Miss Keira rest in peace like 
this!” 
214 
Listening to all this, Frankie suddenly sighed quietly.
He reached out his hand and took hold of Rebecca’s. “Rebecca, everyone has to walk their own path in life, and you should learn from him, to move on as soon as possible… 
“I won’t!” Rebecca shook her head. “I don’t want to move on. I want to remember Miss Keira. She was so good; she deserves to be remembered by everyone in this world!” 
After saying this, Rebecca stood up abruptly. “He can’t cheat on her! He doesn’t deserve it!” Frankie swiftly stood up as well, following her toward the table where Lewis and Keira were seated. Unfortunately, after only a couple of steps, the two people had finished their meal. 
Lewis, having regained Keira, would only notice her. He had already wrapped his arms around her waist, and the two of them, with their backs to Rebecca, left together, heading for the parking lot. 
Rebecca hurried after them. 
Regrettably, Lewis and Keira were both in a rush, and they walked rapidly. Rebecca was unable to catch up with them. 
Breathless, she arrived at the underground parking lot, only to find no sign of them. 
Disappointed, she lowered her gaze and bent over, resting her hands on her knees, gasping for breath. Behind her, Frankie came along and steadied her. “You haven’t been eating properly these past few days. Stop running! You’re going hypoglycemic, aren’t you?!” 
Rebecca didn’t respond, still searching the surroundings. 
At that moment, a car up ahead turned on its lights, then the engine started, and it began to slowly drive past them. 
Rebecca immediately recognized the person in the driver’s seat – it was Lewis!!
She hurriedly took a few steps forward, and then she saw the woman’s face seated in the 
passenger 
seat… 
Rebecca was stunned. 
2
###Chapter 339
Rebecca couldn’t believe the face she was looking at. 
She felt as though she had suddenly fallen into a dream. 
The familiar face that had haunted her dreams for the past month was so clear that she wondered if her eyes were deceiving her. 
She widened her eyes, daring not to blink for fear that the person in front of her would disappear if she did. 
It wasn’t until the car turned a corner and vanished from sight that Rebecca came back to her senses. 
d you see that? That 
She turned her head back toward Frankie hurriedly. “Frankie, did you see that? Did you was Miss Keira. Did I see it wrong?” 
She was so excited she was almost in tears. 
Frankie was grabbed by her, and he responded with a wry smile, “I saw it…” 
Rebecca immediately said, “Frankie, hurry and chase after them! Take me to her!” 
Frankie nodded. “Okay” 
The two quickly walked to a nearby car, got in, and gave chase. 
Meanwhile, Keira was completely unaware that Frankie and Rebecca were following her.
Sitting in the passenger seat, she wore a worried expression, “I still feel something is off with Mary. The video call just now revealed nothing” 
Lewis was driving. “Then stop worrying needlessly. Their marriage is a good thing for you.” 
Keira sighed. “While that might be true, I still want her to be happy” 
Lewis remained silent. 
Keira was about to speak again when her phone suddenly vibrated. 
She glanced down and instantly sat up straighter. 
Lewis saw her reaction and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
“The second task has arrived.” 
Keira stared at the text message. 
The message was from an international number, with its origin already erased, untraceable even by hackers. The content was simple. 
“Congratulations. You’re about to complete the first task, which is a collaboration between the Davis family and the Olsen family. The second task is to achieve collaborations with the other three of the five great families of Clance as soon as possible. 
Upon reading this message, Keira was stupefied. 
She read the message to Lewis and then furrowed her brows. “This doesn’t sound like a task. It’s more like they want me to build a business empire! Everyone knows that in Clance, the five great families 
Tm Chapter 11t
check and balance each other, and no single enterprise can collaborate with all five at once 
Lewis glanced at her. “You seem rather well–informed about the current situation in Clance” 
Kela touched her nose. “Did you think I was a housewife last month at the South residence? I’ve already figured out everything about the five great families of the Clance 
Apart from the Olsen and the Davis familles, there were also the Allen family, the Gill family, and the Freeman family. 
Keera Technology Co., Ltd. had already completed collaborations with the Olsen and Davis families; the remaining task was to collaborate with the other three. 
As for Frankie’s family, 
That shouldn’t be a problem… right? 
After all, it was Rebecca’s family. 
If all else fails, she could let Lewis pull some strings, or even ask Samuel to help bridge a connection, considering Dr. South’s company had previously bought materials from the Allen family! 
That part shouldn’t be difficult. 
She never considered revealing her identity. 
“They were too dangerous; the fewer people knew she was Keira, the less danger she faced. 
She now lived not only as herself, but more importantly, she needed to save her mother, Jodie South…. 
What about collaborations with the Gill and Freeman families… How was she going to manage that?!
While Keira was lost in her thoughts, the car arrived at the South residence. 
The gates of the South home opened, the car entered the garage, and she and Lewis went upstairs. 
Keira continued to ponder about the collaborations as she entered the study, turned on the computer, and began reviewing the collaborative areas of the Gill and Freeman families to see if there were any projects she could work with. 
Lewis, left at the doorway by her abrupt entrance, wasn’t upset. He simply brought his computer into the study, sat down on the sofa facing her, and began his work. 
However, in the midst of working, Lewis suddenly paused. 
He couldn’t help but look up 
at Keira. 
He remembered Keira always struggled terribly during her monthly period and needed to take iron supplements. 
But somehow, it didn’t seem like she had her period this month. 
Considering the time…. 
Indeed, it was that time of the month, but Keira showed no signs of it. 
And just last night, they slept together, and she showed no signs of menstruation! 
Could such things be delayed? 
Lewis suddenly opened a web page, turned to a search engine, and typed in: What happens when a woman’s period is late? 
The first line was about menstrual irregularities, saying it was normal for periods to be late. 
Lewis looked thoughtful for a moment. 
Reading further, he suddenly caught sight of an explanation stating if it was more than ten days overdue, it could be a sign of pregnancy. 
Pregnancy.. 
Lewis shot up from his seat, staring in disbelief at his computer. 
This sudden movement startled Keira, who looked up at him and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
“No, it’s nothing” Lewis replied, stammering slightly as he swallowed hard. He glanced at his computer once more, then put it down and walked over to Keira. 
Keira refocused on her work. 
He stood there quietly next to her, staring at her stomach for a long time. 
As the housemaid was mopping outside, she passed by and saw this scene, shaking her head to herself. The mistress had found herself a gigolo who wasn’t only talkative and diligent but also quite handsome. The only problem was that he was too clingy! 
He was like an aloof cat, always jumping onto the desk or your shoulder, seeking attention. 
With these thoughts, the maid continued mopping away into the distance.
Outside the South residence. 
Frankie’s car was also stopped at the entrance. 
Rebecca stared at the villa for a long time. 
Just now, she watched Keira and Lewis Horton’s car drive in. 
So, were they living here? 
This small three–story villa was located in the suburbs and looked too small compared to the Horton family manor… It was certainly not a place for the head of the Horton Group to live in… 
After a while, she got out of the car and walked up to the front gate, about to knock on the door.
###Chapter 340
The nanny, hearing the sound of the doorbell, hurried out and opened the front door, only to find no one there. 
She was slightly taken aback but didn’t think much of it and went back to the room. 
Elsewhere, in the car. 
Rebecca looked at Frankie angrily. “Why wouldn’t you let me go in to find Miss Keira?” 
Frankie touched his forehead and sighed. “I’ve just had someone investigate and clarify the information about the homeowner.” 
Given the Allen family’s influence in Clance, of course, they could figure out all the information about Keera Technology within such a short time. 
Frankie handed his phone to Rebecca. 
Rebecca immediately started reading. 
The list chronicled Keera’s life story from her childhood: where she went to kindergarten, primary school, secondary school, and college. After graduating, she didn’t do much but marry Howard, only to divorce him recently. 
The photos ranged from her childhood up to the present day. 
Rebecca looked at the face that was the spitting image of Miss Keira and was completely dumbfounded, “How come, except for the mole by the eye, she looks exactly like Miss Keira?” 
Frankie clenched his jaw. “I’m guessing they might be twins”
Rebecca nodded. “It must be the case.” 
Frankie then glanced toward the South residence. 
This data couldn’t be faked; it was clear that there was a person who resembled Keira in the world. Moreover, the person they just saw didn’t have a mole by her eye, and her demeanor was far from Keira’s confident appearance. 
So, the person inside the villa wasn’t Keira but Keera. 
He felt a slight disappointment, but turning back, he saw Rebecca with tears all over her face. 
He was startled and immediately asked, “Rebecca, what’s wrong? 
Rebecca was crying silently, and just as she was about to speak upon hearing his question, she started sobbing, breathing so hard in her weeping that one might worry she would stop breathing the next second. 
Frankie was taken aback. 
His sister was so frail now. 
He started patting her back lightly, trying to help her catch her breath while thinking about what made her so upset when he heard Rebecca suddenly cry out loud. 
340 Chapter 330 
While crying, she said through sobs, “Is she a stand–in? Is she the reason why Lewis isn’t sad? Because he found a replacement for Miss Kelta?” 
Frankie was taken aback.
Rebecca resumed 
“How could he do this? How can he be worthy of Miss Keira this way? Frankie, I don’t need you to like this stand–in. In this world, no one can replace Miss Keira!” 
Frankie immediately nodded. “Alright, alright, I won’t like her. Rebecca, can you calm down, please?” 
“I can’t calm down! I can’t do it! 
Rebecca covered her head. “Every time I think that in this world, there’s someone who looks exactly like Miss Keira, living a life of happiness that should belong to Miss Keira, I just can’t calm down! Frankie, how can Lewis do this? How?!” 
Frankie, helpless, continued patting her back and after a while, suddenly said, “Keera has always had a timid and weak demeanor, but the things she’s been doing recently are somewhat surprising” 
Rebecca’s crying paused slightly. 
Frankie pointed to the content on his phone and looked at her. “Keera Technology recently talked about cooperation with Davis Corporation and Olsen Group regarding new energy. I heard that she personally came forward with a piece of cutting–edge research.” 
Rebecca was stunned. “Keera didn’t specialize in new energy in college; how could she have produced new energy research results herself?” 
Frankie nodded. “Right, how could she?” 
He pondered for a moment, then said, “I recall that Keira’s company was working on new energy, they even bought raw materials from us. Later, I also learned that she was Dr. South, the highly 
sought–after research scientist in the new energy field.”
After hearing this, Rebecca’s eyes lit up slightly. “Frankie, you mean to say… 
Was Keera actually Keira? 
But… 
“How is that possible?” Rebecca looked at the information in her hands. “Keera grew up in Clance, and 
it seems like she’s never been to Oceanion, and besides… we’ve verified the DNA of Miss Keira’s body 
several times… 
Her expression grew dim. 
Frankie then said, “Let’s go home first and talk about it after we figure things out.” 
“Okay.” 
The two drove back to the Allen residence in Clance. 
Rebecca looked dispirited and listless.. 
Just as she entered the house, she heard someone say that a guest had arrived at the house to see Frankic. 
Rebecca paid it no mind. 
340 Chapter 330 
She followed Frankie into the living room, and as he proceeded to the parlor, Rebecca was planning to go to her bedroom, which required passing through the parlor.
Hankie entered the parlor while Rebecca was about to leave when she suddenly heard a familiar voice from inside. “Mr. Allen, long time no see!” 
That voice…. was it Samuch?! 
Rebecca immediately halted and turned around to enter the parlor. 
She had long known that Samuel was under Miss Keira’s command, saying that he managed Dr. South’s company, but in reality, he was helping Miss Keira manage her company. 
Why had he come? 
Naturally, Samuel had come to discuss cooperation on behalf of Keira! 
After Keira received the second task, she contacted Samuel. 
Samuel just happened to be on standby in Clance recently, ready to protect her at any moment, so upon receiving the news, he took the opportunity and came here. 
He got straight to the point with Frankie. “I’m here for this reason: I wanted to help Keera Technology negotiate a deal with Allen Group regarding the purchase of raw materials…” 
He pulled out a contract and handed it to Frankie. “The same as with our company before, Keera Technology is now working on new energy and needs these raw materials. Mr. Allen, considering our long–standing cooperation, I thought it best to come. 
Upon hearing this, Frankie furrowed his brow and glanced over the contract. 
Before he could say anything. Rebecca suddenly rushed in, looking at Samuel, and asked with shining eyes, “Why are you here to negotiate cooperation on behalf of Keera Technology? Is it because. Keera is Miss Keira?”
Her heart racing with uncertainty, she finished her sentence and stared intently at Samuel. 
341 Chapter 340
###Chapter 341
Why did Keera suddenly have knowledge of new energy? 
She even brought out the latest scientific research technology in new energy. 
There was only one explanation that made sense! 
Rebecca felt she had seen the truth… 
Feeling Rebecca’s intense gaze, Samuel was somewhat at a loss, “Miss Allen, what are you.. 
Yet Rebecca stepped closer, seizing his hand. “Samuel, tell me, is it true?” 
Samuel’s mouth twitched, and then he replied, “Of course.. 
Rebecca’s eyes suddenly shone even brighter. 
But what she heard next was: “It’s not true!” 
Rebecca was taken aback. 
Samuel coughed and began, “Miss Allen, since you’ve asked, I’ll just tell you straight. The boss of Keera Technology, Keera, is actually Keira’s twin sister” 
Rebecca paused slightly when she heard this. 
Samuel sighed. “After my boss passed away, her company should have gone to her direct relatives by rights, but Mrs. Olsen was nowhere to be found, and my boss only had this one sister left… 
Rebecca understood. “So, Miss Keira’s company is now Keera’s company?”
Samuel scratched his head. “Right.” 
That was the explanation he had thought of for the public. 
His own company was about to merge with Keera Technology anyway, and it would make it easier for him to help his boss; this explanation seemed flawless. 
Samuel knew that his boss’s identity couldn’t be revealed now. 
Although Keira had never mentioned it, there was an unspoken understanding between them. 
Seeing the expression on Rebecca’s face, he knew she believed his story. He cleared his throat when he heard Rebecca speak. 
“So, you’ve become Keera’s subordinate, and Lewis, Miss Keira’s husband, has also become Keera’s man. Have you all started treating Keera as Miss Keira?” 
Samuel scratched his head, not understanding why she sounded so sad when she said this but nodded anyway. “What? Lewis has become my boss’s man?” 
What was this nonsense? 
He had no idea about this! 
But his words only made Rebecca more devastated. “Your boss? That was what you used to call Miss Keira, and now you address Keera in the same way?!” 
Samuel immediately realized his slip of the tongue and quickly added, “Well… I meant my employer! My employer has now become Keera, so… sorry, it just slipped out..“ 
Rebecca, incredulous, stepped back. “How could you let it ‘slip out“?” 
Samuel looked at her, confused. 
Rebecca immediately shouted, “How could you let it ‘slip out? Samuel, you traitor! Lewis is a traitor. all of you are traitors!!” 
She was screaming, with tears streaming down her face. 
Then she grabbed Frankie’s arm. “Frankie, cancel all cooperation with them! Kick him out!!” 
Samuel was dumbfounded. “Wait, Miss Allen, you…” 
Frankie immediately stepped between Samuel and Rebecca, pointing to the door. “Mr. Morgan, from now on, the Allen family will no longer cooperate with your company or Keera Technology. Please leave.” 
Samuel was dumbfounded. 
He opened his mouth, wanting to say something, but Rebecca’s piercing scream had already reached him. “Go! Just go!” 
She was obviously not herself, and Samuel could only wave his hands quickly. “Hey, okay, I’m leaving. Don’t get excited, alright…” 
Samuel left the Allen residence with a dejected expression. 
After he had left, Rebecca finally cried out, “Frankie, why? In this world, no one can replace Miss
Keira!TM 
Leaving behind only those words, her eyes rolled back, and she fainted. 
Frankie immediately picked her up, tense but not panicked because recently, Rebecca had been heartbroken and fainting had become a frequent occurrence. 
Carrying Rebecca upstairs, he just happened to run into their parents, who, hearing the commotion downstairs, were hurrying over. 
Seeing Rebecca’s state, Mrs. Allen was shocked. “What happened?” 
Mr. Allen also scolded, “Frankie, weren’t you supposed to take your sister out to relax? How is this relaxing?!” 
With no other choice, Frankie briefly explained the day’s events. 
Mr. and Mrs. Allen were stunned, then both let out a sigh in unison. 
Mr. Allen, feeling sorry for his daughter, said, “Cancel the collaboration. Don’t upset Rebecca 
anymore.” 
Frankie nodded. “Okay” 
Mrs. Allen had tears in her eyes. “How did things get so messed up? How could Keira have a twin sister? But what Lewis did was really too much. It’s not just Rebecca. It makes me uncomfortable too!” Mr. Allen and Frankie exchanged looks, neither man foolish enough to speak up for Lewis. 
“Kicked out?
Keira found the voice on the phone somewhat unbelievable. 
Samuel said, “Yeah, I didn’t expect it either. You’ve only been gone for so long, and they have no regard for your reputation!” 
Keira pressed her lips together. “Don’t talk nonsense. There must be some misunderstanding. Rebecca isn’t like that.” 
But Samuel snorted. “I think she’s acting a little crazy right now. You haven’t seen her when she’s unreasonable… 
Keira cut him off, “That’s enough.” 
Immediately, Samuel said, “Alright, I’ll stop talking badly about her, okay? But what should we do now? Boss, do you have to collaborate with the Allen family?” 
“Yes.” 
Keira said calmly, Tll think of another way.” 
With that, she hung up. 
Suddenly, there was an additional voice beside her, “The Allen family won’t collaborate? Let me help 
with that” 
Keira jumped in fright, turning around to realize that at some point, Lewis had moved from the opposite sofa to her side. 
He had been there so quietly that she didn’t even know how long he had been standing by.
She furrowed her brows, hesitantly saying, “Never mind. I’ll think of something else.” 
Because of the Davis family’s relationship, Lewis had always had a poor attitude towards the Allen family, considering Mrs. Allen was the daughter of the Davis family. Asking him to mediate probably wouldn’t sit well with him. 
Just as she was considering this, Lewis said indifferently, “I’ll have Tom speak to them. Don’t worry. You’re overthinking it.” 
Keira thought about it, then didn’t . “Alright then.” 
If they could reach an agreement sooner, it would be best. 
She was about to continue working when Lewis suddenly held her arm. “Stand up and walk around a bit. Sitting too long isn’t good for your health.” 
He glanced at the mobile phone screen displaying tips for pregnant women. 
Keira stretched. “Alright.” 
Then she stood up and immediately felt a warm large hand around her waist. She was startled, turning to see Lewis looking awkward. “Be careful, don’t hurt your back.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She was confused. “What’s wrong with you? Have I got some incurable disease?” 
342 Chapter 341
###Chapter 342
Lewis immediately said, “No, don’t jinx yourself,” (D)) 
Keira was perplexed. 
She stared at Lewis. Then what’s wrong with me?” 
As soon as she said this, she yawned! 
Lewis’s eyes lit up again! 
Among the early signs of pregnancy, there was another one: drowsiness. He immediately helped Keira to the bedroom. “TII handle the Allen family for you. You’re sleepy now, right? Go to bed.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Although she felt Lewis was being quite inexplicable, she indeed hadn’t had enough sleep due to this man’s passion in the past few days, so she went into the bedroom. 
Lewis gently covered her with the blanket, then stepped out quietly. “Don’t worry. When you wake up. I will have taken care of the Allen family for you.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
After Lewis left, she picked up her phone and saw a message from Samuel. “Boss, isn’t the day for your iron transfusion delayed this month?” 
Keira replied to the message. “Yes, I caught a cold after falling into the water last time, so my period has been delayed. I haven’t felt it yet. I’ll let you know when I do!
Whenever her period was about to start, she would feel abdominal pain and weakness, which was when it was time for an iron transfusion. 
But last time, after falling into the ocean and soaking for a long time, she caught a cold. 
A few days ago when her period didn’t come, she was afraid she might be pregnant, so she went to the hospital for a check–up and found out it was just menstrual irregularity. 
She couldn’t afford to get pregnant with her current situation. 
She didn’t yet know what she would be facing in the future… 
Thinking about this, Keira tossed her phone aside and closed her eyes. 
She slept very comfortably, and when she woke up, it was already dark outside. 
Amy was lying next to her, playing with a toy. Seeing her wake up, she immediately trotted over. clinging to the bed and trying to climb up. 
Soon after clambering up, she dove straight into Keira’s arms. 
Lewis stepped out for a moment and when he gently opened the door, he saw this scene and was startled, quickly rushing over to pick up Amy. “Amy, you can’t bother Mommy now! 
Amy was perplexed. 
Amy immediately pursed her lips, not speaking, just looking at Keira with tearful eyes. 
Keira, unable to resist such a pitiful look, immediately said, “I’m awake now, it’s okay. Amy isn’t bothering me. Give her to me
Lewis was very conflicted but ultimately handed Amy to her. He then sat down beside them. 
As Keira played with Amy, she suddenly went to tickle her underarms. 
Amy laughed out loud, so excited that her little legs kicked and flailed, and the next moment, a large hand reached out, seizing those two chubby legs. 
Keira was perplexed. 
So was Amy. 
Both turned their heads in unison, only to see Lewis staring tensely at Amy’s legs and Keira’s belly. 
Seeing that Amy hadn’t kicked Keira’s belly, Lewis finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
But then his gaze met Keira’s inquisitive eyes. 
Lewis immediately coughed and averted his eyes. 
nanny 
Keira raised an eyebrow and played with Amy for a while longer before letting the take her away to sleep, then she turned to Lewis. “You wouldn’t happen to think that I’m pregnant, would you?” 
Lewis’s expression stiffened. 
Seeing his reaction, Keira understood and couldn’t help but feel a mix of amusement and incredulity. “No, I just had a blood test a few days ago. 
“Is that so?” 
Lewis showed a hint of disappointment.
Keira moved closer. “Are you disappointed?” 
“No.” 
Lewis denied it quickly. 
However, Keira laughed and then took his hand. “I don’t want to have children anytime soon.” 
Lewis nodded. “I know.” 
That was why he hadn’t told Keira his suspicion, fearing that if she really was pregnant, she might give it up, as now was indeed not the right time. 
But if she really had a child, he didn’t want to give up just like that. 
Now that he was sure there wasn’t one, he felt relieved. 
As the two of them talked openly, they relaxed a lot. 
Keira looked at him. “How are things going with the Allen family?” 
At her words, Lewis paused slightly. 
Keira was startled, “What’s wrong?” 
Lewis cleared his throat. “The Allen family said they were fine with cooperating with Keera Technology, but they want me to agree to one condition.” 
“What condition?
Lewis was silent for a while before saying in a puzzled tone, “Frankie said Rebecca wanted to marry 
me.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She looked at Lewis, puzzled. 
After a while, she hesitantly asked, “Does Rebecca like you? I didn’t notice when we were in Oceanion… 
Lewis was also baffled. 
The Allen family. 
Frankie looked at Rebecca in resignation. “If you don’t like him, why do this?” 
Rebecca stared at him. “I have to protect Lewis for Miss Keira and prevent him from finding another stand–in!” 
Frankie didn’t know what to say. 
The cooperation with the Allen family seemed to be at an impasse. 
Samuel tried to mend things a few times but didn’t get through the door. 
On Lewis’s side, Tom personally visited the family, and Frankie did let him in out of respect for Lewis. but the condition still hadn’t changed. 
Lewis even made a phone call to Frankie.
The two men, both of few words, were silent for a long time after the call connected, until Lewis finally broke the silence. “What’s going on?” 
Frankie said, “This is my sister’s idea. Anyway, you two are both unmarried now, which seems you’re both available. Why not just agree?” 
Lewis hung up immediately with a cold face. 
Keira watched his sullen face and almost laughed. “There must be a misunderstanding. Rebecca’s isn’t 
like that” 
Lewis frowned. “Let’s hope so.” 
Keira then frowned. “Forget it, neither of you can handle it, so it seems I have to make a visit personally.” 
Keira did as she said, immediately having Lewis drive her to the Allen residence. 
At the doorstep, Lewis announced his arrival. 
Upon hearing it, the butler immediately sent someone running inside, “Mr. Allen, Mr. Horton has come personally!!” 
This time, of course, no one dared to stop them, and the butler personally led Lewis and Keira to the drawing room, then said, “Mr. Allen and Miss Allen are both at home. I’ll get them for you now.” 
Upstairs, when Rebecca heard from the butler that Lewis had brought Reera, the seemingly frail
woman suddenly became as revitalized as if she was injected with adrenaline. She was full of fighting spirit. 
She immediately changed her clothes and looked at Frankle. “Let’s go downIST 
Frankle sighed. “That’s Mr. Horton. Don’t do anything rash 
Rebecca clenched her fists. “I won’t. I just want to ask Keera if she knows that she’s just a replacement!” 
343 Chapter 342
###Chapter 343
Keira and Lewis were seated in the reception room, surveying their surroundings. “I didn’t expect Rebecca’s home to have such décor. It’s quite cozy. 
Lewis frowned, looking displeased. “Don’t you feel even a hint of danger?” 
Keira, puzzled, looked at him, “What danger?” 
Lewis coughed, then lowered his voice.” Rebecca covets a friend’s husband so openly. You should keep your distance.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She smiled faintly. “There must be some misunderstanding” 
Lewis sighed and said nothing. 
Over the years, whether during school or after returning to the country, many women had thrown themselves at him relentlessly, otherwise he wouldn’t have mistaken Keira, who came to him with a printout of the marriage certificate, as trying to hit on him. 
But he could never have imagined that the obedient girl who always listened to Keira, filled with admiration in her eyes, would also take a fancy to him. 
If Rebecca were only Frankie’s sister, he certainly wouldn’t be amicable. 
But since Rebecca was also Keira’s friend and bestie, with whom she had a good relationship in Oceanion, he couldn’t be too harsh. 
After all, a bestie’s pillow talk could be deadly!
Lewis coughed, and then messed up his neatly arranged hair a bit, and adjusted his sports jacket. 
Seeing him like this, Keira asked, “What are you doing?” 
“Making myself look uglier.” 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth, grabbing his hand. “Stop messing around. No matter what you do, you can’t hide your handsome features.” 
At her words, Lewis indeed stopped his actions, but his ears gradually turned red. 
Keira noticed he blushed easily, so she deliberately stared at him. 
Sure enough, it wasn’t long before he cleared his throat to remind her. “Hold back a bit. Wait until we’re home tonight. 
Keira laughed. 
At that moment, there were sounds from the doorway, and then Frankie walked in with Rebecca. 
Frankie had lost some weight since their first meeting. As soon as he entered, his gaze fell on Keira’s face, a shadow flickering in his eyes. 
Lewis immediately stepped forward, blocking his 
gaze. 
Frankie looked at Lewis with a frown.
Keira didn’t notice the subtle actions between the two men, instead, she turned to look at Rebecca, only to see Rebecca lifting her chin slightly, lacking the gentleness and timidity she had shown in Oceanion, her manner now carrying a hint of haughtiness. 
As soon as she entered, she stared blatantly at Keira, her eyes filled with hostility. 
What was going on…? 
While Keira was contemplating, Rebecca approached her and extended her hand. “Hello, I’m Rebecca.” 
As Keira reached out her hand, about to touch hers, Rebecca withdrew her hand, feigning nonchalance as she touched her hair, then stared at Keira, “Keera, right? You really resemble a friend of mine.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Rebecca continued to stare at her. “Do you want to know who my friend is? Oddly enough, it’s Mr. Horton’s deceased wife… Did you know about this?” 
Confused, Keira nodded. 
Seeing this, Rebecca immediately furrowed her brows, her voice becoming somewhat shrill, “You knew?” 
Keira nodded again. 
Rebecca immediately clenched her fists, then let out a scoff. “You’re happy to be someone’s replacement?” 
This time, Keira sensed something was wrong, and before she could speak, Lewis stepped in front of her, giving Rebecca a warning look. “Miss Allen, please mind your manners.”
“Are you defending her already?” 
Rebecca’s attitude was harsh. She stepped forward, staring intently at Lewis. “Mr. Horton, since you’re here, it’s time I made some things clear.” 
Her eyes were bright as she spoke. “Actually, I fancied you when I met Miss Keira. I just restrained myself because of her presence. Now that she’s gone, how about our families join in marriage?” 
Lewis was perplexed. 
His expression turned dark as he stared at Rebecca. He then looked back at Keira with a look that said, “See, this is your good friend!” 
Keira hadn’t expected Rebecca to say such a thing and immediately said, “Miss Allen, you can’t talk nonsense like that. 
But Rebecca looked straight at her. “I’m not talking nonsense. I want him. If you want to cooperate with our family, give him to me, or forget the cooperation!” 
With that, she walked out. 
Rebecca could leave, but Frankie didn’t want to fall out with Lewis. Their families still had to work 
714 
together, so he stayed, looking helplessly at Lewis. “Mr. Horton, you heard what my sister said, right? 
Lewis suppressed the anger and stared at him. “Do you always indulge her like this?”
Frankie shrugged. “There’s no helping it. She’s the only daughter of my parents, and she’s my only sister who has gone through such an ordeal. From now on, she can only be coddled.” 
Lewis didn’t know what to say. 
He looked helplessly at Keira. 
But Keira stepped forward and addressed Frankie. “Mr. Allen, if the cooperation between our families is so frivolous, then let’s call it off. However, Miss Allen doesn’t seem quite right. Maybe you should take her to a psychiatrist?” 
Frankle was startled. 
Ever since Rebecca was brought home, she had become increasingly paranoid. 
Her demands were now even more outrageous. 
The family had thought it was due to experiencing a failed marriage and Keira’s death, so they hadn’t thought much about it. 
But Keira had spotted the problem at a glance. 
Was Rebecca having mental issues? 
Frankie pondered for a moment, then nodded. “Thank you for the reminder, Miss South. I’ll take her to see a doctor.” 
Keira turned and left with Lewis. 
Frankie watched them leave and noticed that Lewis, when with Keera, still walked half a step behind her, just as he did in Oceanion when with Keira.
That was something that had shocked Frankie before. 
It 
t clearly showed how much Lewis valued Keira. 
And now, he was doing the same with Keera. 
Recalling the tone and manner in which Keera had just spoken to him… It was very similar to Keira’s. quite unlike the submissive Keera they had investigated. 
This made him start to doubt again, could it be… 
A suspicion suddenly took root in Frankie’s heart, and he found it hard to believe his own speculation, so he followed them out. 
Just as he stepped outside, he saw Keera and Lewis walking toward the parking lot, about to get into a car when Frankie hurriedly took a few steps forward and called out, “Miss Olsen!” 
Keira subconsciously halted a little.
###Chapter 344
Keira was currently thinking about Rebecca’s situation, so she was somewhat distracted. 
When Frankie called out to her, she subconsciously stopped in her tracks. 
Luckily, Lewis was quick to react, blocking Frankie’s line of sight swiftly, but by the time he had done so, he became acutely aware that the act of concealing itself revealed something. 
Lewis cast a glance toward Frankic, and sure enough, he saw deep suspicion in his eyes. 
Keira realized that something was amiss and, without turning her head, she went directly to the car. 
Lewis sat in the driver’s seat, started the car, and as they drove past Frankie, Keira glanced at him. 
After the car had left the Allen residence, Keira looked toward Lewis and said, “Do you think he noticed something?” 
Lewis said indifferently, “He probably suspects something, but without evidence, he definitely can’t accuse you.” 
Keira frowned, about to speak, but Lewis understood her thoughts. “Don’t worry. Frankie is a smart man. Even if he has discovered something, he won’t make a big fuss about it.” 
Keira then nodded. 
The two of them didn’t return to the South residence, but instead went to the Davis family. 
Today, Mary was trying on wedding dresses. 
As her best friend, Keira went to help her choose.
The car stopped in the parking lot, but Lewis remained seated in the driver’s seat. “You go ahead. Til wait for you here while I handle some work–related matters.” 
He didn’t want to confront the Davis family again. 
Thinking of the last time when Shirley stood before him, unable to recognize her son, Keira understood and nodded. 
She got out of the car and entered the Davis residence. 
Mary was now the most prized daughter of the Davis family, and naturally, Keira faced no obstruction upon entering, proceeding directly to the banquet hall. 
This banquet hall was large, yet now it was filled with wedding dresses, with brand managers standing by their respective stations, waiting for Mary to come and make her pick. 
It was as if a bridal shop had been moved into their home. 
Keira was startled by the scene and looked toward Mary. 
Mary also tugged at the corner of her mouth. “Uncle Ken and the Olsen family arranged this. They said since I’m pregnant, I shouldn’t overexert myself, so they asked the brands to send over their top wedding dresses…” 
Keira asked, “Isn’t that a bit too extravagant?” 
Mary let out a soft sigh. 
Extravagant?
It was the power of a prestigious family. 
When she was young, while her grandfather was still alive, the children in the family would often buy clothes this way. But after the principal lineage split off, they no longer enjoyed such treatment. 
How could Mary’s parents and grandmother, who were accustomed to enjoying such privileges, stand their current cold reception? 
That was why they saw her as a key to re–entering a top–tier wealthy family. 
She was about to marry Ellis, and her parents‘ status within the Davis family had risen, once again enjoying the treatment reserved for the principal lineage. 
Yet Mary felt no joy, only a strong sense of helplessness and sadness. 
Keira, sensing her lack of enthusiasm, helped her choose among the wedding dresses. “Bride–to–be, how about trying this one? Your neck is slender, and I think this dress suits you!” 
However, Mary was disinterested. “No need, this one is fine. 
She settled on one dress right away, sent the other brand managers home, and then looked at the sales clerk, pointing to Keira. “Help my friend choose a bridesmaid dress.” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She lowered her voice. “I’m married with a child… Isn’t that inappropriate?” 
Mary immediately said, “Aren’t you divorced? Divorced means single. Of course, it’s appropriate! Keera, we had an agreement back in the day, that we would be each other’s bridesmaids…” 
Hearing this, Keira paused for a moment, then nodded. “Okay.”
The sales clerk had the bridesmaid dresses ready, so Keira also casually picked out a white gown. was understated, which wouldn’t steal the bride’s thunder. 
In less than ten minutes, they had chosen the dresses. 
that 
Just as the two were about to leave, Mary’s parents rushed over in a hurry, “Is that the choice? Isn’t that too casual?” 
Mary said indifferently, “Anyway, whatever I wear will look the same” 
Her mother wanted to say something else, but her father quickly interjected, “Right, our daughter is so beautiful, and all these wedding dresses are signature pieces from big brands; indeed, anything she wears will look good.” 
After that, Mary’s father looked toward the door, “Mr. Ellis was supposed to come today to choose with you, how come he’s not here yet?” 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately looked at Mary. 
But Mary lowered her gaze, “Well, he just sent me a message, saying he’s busy with something and won’t come today. Just have the sales clerk match the clothes to his size, and send them to the Olsen 
214 
family.”
At these words, her parents exchanged a glance immediately. 
Her mother wanted to speak but ultimately remained silent. 
Keira walked Mary back to the room, then suddenly asked in a low voice, “Mary, are you happy?” 
Mary looked at her, suddenly feeling like crying. 
Since her marriage to Ellis was decided, her family had been busy preparing for their wedding, but no one had ever asked her if she was happy. 
Everyone thought that she was reaching above her station by marrying Ellis… 
Only Keera genuinely cared about her. 
But Keera needed her to marry Ellis. 
Seeing her like this, Keira immediately said, “Mary, if Ellis can’t even make it for such an important day, don’t marry him.” 
Mary quickly grabbed her hand. “What nonsense are you talking about? I agreed to this marriage. 
Keira was about to speak when the door was suddenly pushed open, and Mary’s mother walked in. 
As she entered, she saw Keira and immediately said with a smile, “Mary, among the dresses the manager just left, there’s one for Keera as a bridesmaid.” 
Mary raised her eyebrows at her, remaining silent. 
Mary’s mother chuckled awkwardly. “Here’s the thing, even though your wedding to Mr. Ellis is being arranged hastily, the whole town is watching. The marriage between the Davis and Olsen families is a
big event, and the Olsens are planning to have Victoria serve as your bridesmaid…” 
Hearing this, Mary nodded. “Sure, the bridesmaid group can have six people anyway… If she wants to 
come, then let her.” 
Her mother hesitated, then glanced at Keira again. 
“Just now, your Uncle Ken said he would let his daughter be one of your bridesmaids, and the Allen family will send someone too…. You remember your aunt’s daughter Rebecca? She’ll also be your bridesmaid. With this lineup, Keera’s status seems somewhat insufficient…” 
She seemed uneasy and looked at Mary. Seeing that Mary said nothing, she immediately turned to Keira. “Keera, you and Mary have been close friends since childhood, and I know that. So, regarding this matter… Mary is quite troubled…” 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately raised her eyebrows. 
Was Mary’s mother trying to get her to back off gracefully and bow out?
###Chapter 345
Keira snorted coldly. Before she could speak, Mary slammed her glass onto the table, producing a loud “bang“: 
She looked at her mother and said, “Keera and I agreed to be each other’s bridesmaids at our weddings, Mom. If you won’t let her be my bridesmaid, fine, then I won’t be a bride either.” 
These words startled her mother instantly. “Mary, you… that’s not what I mean… I just think that maybe Keera doesn’t want to do it anymore. After all, in the bridesmaids group, her status is a bit awkward… What if it causes unpleasant emotions later? What do we do?” 
She muttered, “I don’t have any other intentions; I’m just thinking of your best interests. Besides, Mary, you think you’re doing Keera a favor, but is it really good for her? You want her to stand alongside the legitimate daughters of the five major families as your bridesmaid. Do you really think she’d be comfortable?” 
Upon hearing this, Mary subconsciously looked toward Keira. 
Keera had always been timid from a young age. Back then, when she tried to pull Keera into the circle of wealthy families to socialize, she refused because she wasn’t used to it. 
Mary understood then that people from different circles shouldn’t be forced to mingle. 
There was no need for Keera to grovel and curry favor with anyone… 
So even though her mother’s words had ulterior motives, Mary still started to worry. 
The next moment, they heard Keera say indifferently, “Auntie, you’re overthinking it. How could I not be comfortable to be Mary’s bridesmaid?”
That made Mary burst into laughter instantly. 
Seeing her so oblivious, Mary’s mother also smiled awkwardly. “Well, that’s fine then. I’m just worried about you. As long as everything is okay, just remember to bear with it if those legitimate daughters give you a hard time at the wedding. After all, it’s Mary’s wedding. Let’s not have any trouble.” 
Keira’s reply was cheerful and full of laughter, “Okay. 
Feeling snubbed, Mary’s mother turned and left. 
When she was out the door, her husband saw her and asked, “How did it go?” 
Mary’s mother sneered. “She’s got such a commoner’s air about her! I bet she just wants to use the role to network with more people! Mary is actually indulging her.” 
Mary’s father frowned. “Isn’t she overestimating herself? Being with so many high–status individuals, isn’t she afraid she won’t be able to hold her own?” 
Mary’s mother huffed. “I’ve warned her, but your precious daughter won’t listen. She’s too protective!” Mary’s father sighed, “Well then, let it be. If she wants to go, she can go. Just hope she doesn’t make a scene and disgrace us!” 
With that, the two of them left, discussing. 
114 
Time soon arrived at the day of Mary and Ellis’s wedding. 
Keira had stayed the night at the Davis residence, sharing a bed with Mary. They chatted until late before falling asleep. At five in the morning, they were woken up to prepare and do their makeup.
After washing up, Keira went out. 
She saw a well–known makeup team enter the Davis residence, and the entire villa came alive at that moment, with servants bustling about. 
The guards opened the big gates, and bridesmaids from other families came early. 
From the window, she saw Victoria get out of a car, surrounded by household servants, arriving upstairs. 
One by one, the bridesmaids continued to arrive. 
Keira immediately spotted Rebecca, who was personally sent over by Frankle. Rebecca almost stumbled as she stepped out of the car. 
Outside. 
Mary, already in a long dress, was called by the makeup artists to the neighboring room for her makeup. Before leaving, she said to the head makeup artist, “The others haven’t arrived yet, so have your team start doing makeup for my friend Keera first. 
“Of course, Miss Davis.” 
With a makeup team, there was certainly more than one artist. Today, they sent over half a dozen. Six bridesmaids and one bride–seven people in total. Each person had their own makeup artist, and no one would interrupt another. 
Therefore, Mary didn’t give it much thought and reminded Keira to remember her makeup appointment before she left with the makeup artist to the next room.
The bride’s makeup was, of course, the most important task of the day, which was expected to take two and a half hours. 
After they had left, a makeup artist approached Keira. “Miss South, right? Let me do your 
“Sure.” 
Keira followed her to another reception room. 
your makeup. 
Before long. Victoria also arrived, and upon seeing Keira, she immediately curled her lip in disdain. 
The unmarried daughters of the Davis family’s main branch had also come, and as they gathered to greet each other, someone glanced at Keira and whispered. 
“What is Mary think With our status, we’re here to be bridesmaids to elevate her position, and 
now she’s brought in such a low–status bridesmaid to insult us?” 
Victoria put on a fake, scheming smile. “I heard that Miss South and Miss Mary get along very 
well… 
“Get along? I think she’s just a schemer, she’s got Mary so wrapped up that Mary can’t tell north from: south. Didn’t Mary recently invest in a project because of her? Mary almost got dragged down with it, 
and she still hasn’t seen the light!”
“I truly don’t understand what charm this woman has. What tricks she’s used to have Mary so utterly fooled that she’d do something so foolish!” 
While they were talking, Rebecca appeared at the doorway. 
As soon as she appeared, everyone immediately turned to look at her and quickly surrounded her. 
“Rebecca, you’re here!” 
“How are you feeling?” 
“Can you make it through today? If you feel unwell, let us know,” 
They all knew that Frankie had a sister complex and that Rebecca was doted on in the Allen family. 
The Davis family wasn’t short of daughters, so they treated the daughters quite indifferently. 
Although Victoria was a daughter of the Olsen family, her status was naturally lower due to being adopted. 
Moreover, with Frankie being unmarried, Rebecca naturally became the center of attention as soon as she arrived. 
Rebecca had never liked this kind of social interaction, and she still didn’t. 
She nodded, intending to find a quiet place to sit by herself, but when she turned her head, she caught sight of a familiar figure and immediately halted. 
Then, she cried out, “Keera? What are you doing here?!” 
Keira immediately frowned.
She pursed her lips and sighed softly, looking at her. “Miss Allen…” 
Rebecca’s eyes instantly reddened, fixing a deathly stare on Keira. 
Why was this woman lingering like a bad spirit? 
Was she trying to take all the attention from Miss Keira? 
No! 
Rebecca absolutely would not allow it!! 
The people around her became aware that something was off. 
“Miss Allen must feel that being a bridesmaid with her is beneath her status, right?” 
“Exactly, some people just don’t recognize their own standing. To think they are fit to be with us…” 
“Miss South, I see Miss Allen has some ions to you; perhaps you should leave first?” 
As Keira listened to these words, she raised an eyebrow but remained in her seat. 
Tina, the legitimate daughter from the Davis family’s first branch, then approached Keira. “Miss South, as you can see, no one here welcomes you. Perhaps you should leave first.”
###Chapter 346
Keira narrowed her eyes but didn’t move. 
Tina frowned and continued, “Are you worried about not knowing how to explain it to Mary? Don’t worry. I’ll just say you had something to do and left first.” 
Keira sneered. “But I don’t have anything to do.” 
Tina was dumbfounded. 
She didn’t speak, and several of her female cousins started talking. 
“Hey, how can you talk like that?” 
“None of us welcome you here, can’t you see? You’re sticking around shamelessly. You really don’t care about your dignity!” 
Keira looked up slightly, and she suddenly stood up, then with a forceful kick, she broke a wooden chair next to her, causing a loud crashing sound. 
The few cousins immediately retreated, their faces losing color. 
Only then did Keira blink and look at them. “Oh dear, I’m sorry. I must have used too much strength by accident. What were you saying just now?” 
Just as the Davis family’s women were about to speak, Keira said, “Didn’t you all take two steps back, further away from me, to avoid getting any splinters accidentally?” 
The crowd was speechless.
Those people instantly retreated a few more steps. 
Tina looked at her. “Miss South, do you dare to commit violence in the Davis residence?” 
Keira said, “Isn’t that what I did? What do you want to do about it? Call security to kick me out? Miss Davis, today is the marriage alliance between the Davis and Olsen families, and there are lots of journalists outside. You wouldn’t want to make a big scene, right?” 
Tina was instantly choked up. “You…” 
Keira let out a sneer, then pulled another chair over, sat down, and calmly looked into the mirror. 
Tina huffed in anger and after a while waved her hand. “Forget it.” 
The rest of the girls distanced themselves from Keira and sat in another corner of the room. 
Victoria looked at Keira and suddenly said, “Let’s hurry up with the makeup too, so we don’t run out 
of time later.” 
This made Tina’s eyes light up, and she shouted at the makeup artist working on Keira. “Hey, come over here and do Miss Olsen’s makeup!” 
The makeup artist hesitated, “Miss Davis, why don’t you let my colleagues help Miss Olsen with her makeup? I’ve just started on Miss South’s makeup. 
“What does it matter if you just started? Who’s more important, her or Miss Olsen? Can’t you see? 
Although Miss Olsen is an adopted daughter, she’s currently the only daughter of the Olsen family who’s not yet married! She is the Olsen family’s pride and joy! Are you looking down on Miss Olsen?” Upon hearing the words “adopted daughter, Victoria’s face stiffened. 
But Tina, unaware that she had said anything wrong, continued in her usual arrogant manner. “Do you believe that I could get you fired with just one word?” 
The makeup artist was so anxious she was almost in tears. 
Seeing this, Keira gently patted the back of her hand. “Go ahead.” 
The makeup artist gratefully looked at Keira, packed up her makeup, and went over. 
Seeing this, the other makeup artists didn’t dare to come forward. 
Over half a dozen makeup artists gathered around the other five bridesmaids, doing their makeup. 
Keira looked at herself in the mirror, she had only applied a simple lipstick and didn’t mind it. However, Rebecca looked at her several times. 
She felt their behavior was a bit too much… 
After finishing her makeup, Rebecca lowered her eyes and said, “Go and do her makeup.” 
The makeup artist nodded immediately and went over. 
The others looked toward Rebecca at once. 
Rebecca clenched her jaw, speaking indifferently, “I just don’t want to put my cousin in a difficult position.”
If only 
yone out of the six bridesmaids had no makeup, she would stand out, and it wouldn’t look good. 
The others exchanged glances and then laughed. “Even if she puts on makeup, it’s useless. Later, when the groom’s party comes to fetch the bride, we’ll walk with the groomsmen. With her kind of status, which groomsman would invite her?” 
During the fetching of the bride, everyone was to be taken to the hotel. 
The bride would be picked up by the groom, and the bridesmaids by the groomsmen… Of course, if no groomsman invited Keira for a ride, the Davis family would arrange something for her. 
But after all, it would look pretty bad. 
Keira listened to their conversation and raised her eyebrows slightly. 
Indeed, Lewis’s status could match that of Ellis’s groomsman, but Lewis didn’t want to visit the Davis family, nor did he wish to reveal his identity, and he intended to act as Keira’s personal bodyguard, so he wasn’t her today. 
So, if no groomsman wanted to pick her up later, she could just drive over there, right? 
What was the big deal? 
Time quickly passed, and after the six bridesmaids‘ makeup was done, another half hour passed before Mary’s bridal makeup was ready. 
< 
The six bridesmaids returned to Mary’s bridal room, and as soon as Keira entered, she saw Mary giving her a worried look. 
She immediately smiled to show that everything was fine, which made Mary breathe a sigh of relief. 
The following proceedings proceeded much more smoothly. 
Keira found that these well–bred young ladies might not be so decent in private, but in public, they behaved very appropriately and gracefully. 
Apart from Rebecca, none of the others bothered her again. 
But even Rebecca just glared at her a few times, knowing that it wasn’t the right occasion to stir up trouble. 
Soon, it was time for the groom to arrive and fetch the bride. 
Yet there was no movement outside. 
Tina couldn’t help but whisper, “Why hasn’t he come yet?” 
Mary glanced at the clock on the wall, her mind flashing back to yesterday with Ellis at the courthouse… 
Going for the marriage certificate a day before the wedding was an arrangement between the two families. 
She had arrived at the courthouse early and waited a long time. When the office was about to close, Ellis finally arrived. 
Without any explanation, he processed the registration with her, holding their ID cards.
Clutching her freshly minted marriage certificate, Mary felt somewhat bewildered at the time. 
She had never dared to hope that she could marry the man she secretly loved… 
As she was lost in thought, Ellis suddenly turned to her, his voice tinged with anger and frost, “Mary, now that we have the marriage certificate, you should finally tell me who the father of this child is, right? At least let me know whose cuckold I’ve been made to wear!” 
Mary was taken aback by his words, and after a pause, she earnestly replied, “It’s yours.” 
Ellis scoffed. “And you still deny it now?” 
Mary lowered her eyes, “Whether you believe me or not, I’ll explain one last time: you were my first, and the only man I’ve been with. I’m certain the child is yours!” 
At that moment, Ellis froze. “What did you say? That night with me was your first time? Didn’t you say before… it wasn’t your first time?” 
It was because of that one statement from Mary that Ellis regarded her as an easy woman. 
Mary clenched her fists and smiled bitterly. “You asked me, ‘It’s not your first time, right? What was I supposed to say?” 
Ellis was stunned.
###Chapter 347
Ellis was initially stunned. 
But he quickly let out a low laugh. 
“Fine, fine! You really are stubborn!” 
Right away, Ellis took out a medical report and threw it in her face. “Take a good look. I believed your lies and thought that this child might have that one–in–a–million chance of being mine, so I went for another test. The result is nothing but a self–inflicted humiliation!” 
Ellis’s eyes were red. 
He clenched his fists. 
When he was at the Davis family, he felt he had been wronged and took it out on Mary, but afterward, he didn’t feel any relief. 
On one hand, he despised himself for bullying a woman. 
On the other, he couldn’t help but remember Mary’s words and went to the hospital for another test. 
The doctor who had always treated him presented a result this time, which was azoospermia. 
The doctor held his report and sighed. “Mr. Ellis, there truly is no medical cure for this condition. You should try to accept it.” 
Azoospermia… 
With oligospermia, there was still a slim chance, but with azoospermia, how could there possibly be a
child? 
Ellis, with bloodshot eyes, glared at her. He stepped forward and firmly grasped her shoulders. “You insisted I acknowledge this child, and I did publicly. You wanted to get married, so I married you. You wanted to keep this child, and I’m letting you keep it for now. What I want to know now is who the real father of the child is. You’re protecting him so fiercely!” 
Mary looked at the report and was also puzzled, not understanding what was going on. 
Her silence, however, made Ellis let out a low laugh and let go of her. “Mary, you won’t talk, right? Fine, I won’t attend the wedding tomorrow. I’ll see who you’ll marry!!” 
He dropped these words and left. 
Mary glanced at the time on the wall; it was already the best time to pick up the bride, but there was still no movement outside… 
Mary’s parents had already run out to check multiple times. Her mother couldn’t help but urge her. “Mary, why hasn’t Mr. Ellis arrived yet? If he doesn’t come soon, you’ll miss the best time to leave! Call him and ask!” 
Mary looked down and stared at her phone. 
She obediently dialed Ellis’s number, but it only rang twice before being hastily hung up. 
Mary couldn’t help but bitterly laugh to herself. Ellis really wasn’t going to come, was he? 
347 Chapter 340 
A wedding without a groom… 
After today, she might become the biggest joke in Clance.
Seeing her make the call, her mother went out again while Rebecca and Tina stood by, watching show, Keira was beside Mary, asking. “What’s going on?” 
Mary let out a low laugh. “It’s nothing 
Keira immediately took out her phone and dialed Ellis’s number. 
But Ellis’s phone still rang only twice before being promptly hung up. 
Keira stood up. “I’ll go find him.” 
But her arm was grabbed by Mary. “No need to.” 
Keira turned to look at her, and Mary slowly said, “The time has come. If he doesn’t show up, we’ll go to the wedding venue by ourselves.” 
Her words caused an uproar at the scene. 
The people guarding her weren’t just bridesmaids but also various relatives and friends who had come to send her off. Hearing this, they immediately began whispering among themselves. 
“What’s going on?“ 
“Is Mr. Ellis backing out? Has he changed his mind about Mary?” 
“It can’t be that bad, can it? Mary is so beautiful, and even though her family background can’t match the first branch of the family, she is, after all, the daughter who has just left the Davis family to start her own. That should count for something, right?” 
“No, haven’t you heard? Ever since they split from the main house, the second branch has been treating Mary as a tool. I heard she often has to accompany clients for drinks…
“What? It can’t be! The second branch would let their own daughter do such a thing? That’s a real drop in status!” 
“Once they’re split off, they’re not the main branch anymore, are they? Life isn’t going to be easy from now on, especially since the Davis family has so many descendants, and not every household can be wealthy.. 
“Do you think the child in her belly might not be Mr. Ellis’s?” 
“Mr. Ellis isn’t stupid. If the child isn’t his, would he acknowledge it? But I heard that Mr. Ellis has always been quite reluctant. I heard that at the recognition ceremony at the last celebration banquet, he was forced by that cunning Ken and had no choice but to acknowledge the child.” 
“This is a real–life ‘marriage because of pregnancy‘ situation!” 
“Speaking of which, Mary really has some skills. After mixing in these circles for so many years, she actually ended up with Mr. Ellis, the ultimate fallback guy…..” 
The conversation was getting increasingly unpleasant. 
Mary clenched her fingers tightly, her fingernails digging deep into her flesh, seemingly numb to the 
20% 
347 Chapter 346 
pain… 
A feeling of unprecedented humiliation rushed to her heart, causing her eyes to redden uncontrollably. 
She realized that her preparations were still not enough.
She knew he wouldn’t come today, and she knew she would encounter this situation. She had long told herself not to listen to the nonsense of those around her, but once those words passed through her ears, the hurt lingered in her heart no matter what. 
It turned out that ignoring the opinions of those around her and disregarding their words was very difficult… 
Within the group of bridesmaids, Tina couldn’t help but turn to look at Victoria. “Miss Olsen, what’s going on? Your cousin isn’t really not coming, is he?” 
Victoria frowned and said, “I’m not sure about this, but I did see my brother go out for drinks last night… Maybe he drank too much and hasn’t gotten up yet?” 
Immediately, someone asked, “Today he’s supposed to come for the bridal procession early in the morning. Why was he out drinking late at night?” 
Victoria seemed to realize that she had said something wrong and quickly waved her hands. “I’m not too clear on this… My brother should come. After all, they’ve already taken the marriage certificate. He can’t divorce now, can he?” 
The word “divorce immediately sparked everyone’s interest. 
“Could Mr. Ellis be having regrets? He’s not really planning to divorce, is he?” 
“To be divorced the day after getting married… the bride is so pitiful. 
The crowd began to sigh as if Mary had already been divorced. 
Keira hurriedly looked at Mary, asking. “Mary, you… 
But Mary held her hand. “Keera, I’m fine.”
Though she said she was fine, her voice choked up. 
She suddenly stood up and said, “No need to wait any longer. Let’s go to the wedding venue!” 
She straightened her spine, picked up her skirt, lifted her chin slightly, and tried to maintain her last shred of pride with this proper demeanor. 
Then, she walked out of the room, one step at a time, and down the stairs. 
Seeing Mary, her father abruptly stood up, rushed in front of her, and scolded, “Did you upset Mr. Ellis? Why hasn’t he come?!” 
Mary didn’t speak. 
“To face such a disgrace on your wedding day, why did I end up with a daughter like you?!” 
He was so angry that he raised his hand as if trying to regain the face he had lost today by hitting Mary! 
But just then, a commotion erupted at the door! 
WA 
348 Chapter 347 
348 Chapter 347 
arriving for the wedding procession, stopping 
Everyone turned their heads and saw a line of cars at the entrance.
The door of the lead car was opened, and Ellis, dressed in a suit, got out with a dark expression on his face. 
Upon seeing him, Mary blinked in disbelief and screamed inwardly. 
She thought he wasn’t coming. 
Ellis walked up to her, ignoring the people around him. 
Mary’s father’s hand froze midair before he hurriedly lowered it, and then he smiled ingratiatingly. “Mr. Ellis, was there a traffic jam on the way?” 
He was making an excuse for Ellis. 
But Ellis just sneered, saying flatly, “I woke up late.” 
There was indeed a look of fatigue on his face as if he hadn’t slept all night. He seemed somewhat haggard. Anyone with eyes could see his displeasure with the marriage. 
Still, he had come after all. 
Mary’s father laughed awkwardly. “It’s not late at all. I’m so glad you could come.” 
Then, turning his head, he tried to welcome Ellis into the room. “We’ve prepared tea and…” 
“Don’t bother. Any further delay and the auspicious hour will pass.” 
He looked directly at Mary. “Are you coming or not?” 
Mary’s eyes welled up slightly, and she lowered her head. “I am.” 
Ellis didn’t pick her up but turned around and walked briskly ahead, reaching the car door.
Mary immediately followed, trailing her wedding dress behind her as she got into the car with Ellis. Then, suddenly remembering Keira, she turned back to look for her. 
But the car was already surrounded by people, and it was impossible to see the situation around them. 
By now, the other groomsmen had stepped forward, beginning to arrange for the bridesmaids‘ rides. 
Most of the young ladies from the Davis family’s main branch, Victoria, Rebecca, and the bridesmaids. who had come for the procession had been friends since childhood. 
So, they were quickly escorted and got into vehicles. 
the 
group of 
It happened that someone had seen Keira, who was unmistakably eye–catching among bridesmaids, but just as that person was about to approach her, he was stopped by Victoria, “Miss South offended Rebecca. It’s best you don’t poke your nose into this.” 
Rebecca was the Allen family’s precious treasure. 
Who, after all, would want to attract unnecessary trouble by challenging someone like Ellis, known 
348 Chapter 347 
for his devil–may–care attitude? 
Therefore, hearing Victoria’s words, no other groomsmen dared to come forward.
For a moment, Keira stood there, becoming the center of attention. 
Anyone else would have felt extremely awkward. 
But she seemed perfectly at ease, not caring in the slightest about the people around her, even glancing into the convoy to see if there was an empty car she could get in. 
As she was surveying the surroundings, Rebecca suddenly stood beside her and said, “Miss South, it’s quite awkward, isn’t it?” 
Keira looked at her. 
She didn’t quite understand how Rebecca had changed so much; in that moment, she even felt estranged from the Rebecca she knew. 
Where had the kind, gentle, and slightly timid girl gone? 
Keira didn’t say anything, and Rebecca continued. “I can spare you this embarrassment. I could have my brother invite you into the car, and I could also agree to a partnership between the Allen family and Keera Technology 
She lowered her voice suddenly. “As long as you give up Lewis Horton to me!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She stared at Rebecca and then firmly declared, “That’s impossible. 
Rebecca’s expression sharpened instantly. “Miss South, have you thought this through? Although Lewis Horton is quite formidable, Clance isn’t his home ground. Here, with just one word from me, I can leave you isolated and without support!”
However, Keira just scoffed and said no more. 
Seeing her obstinate manner, Rebecca was on the verge of breaking down, and her wrathful gaze fixed on Keira. “Fine, if you want to be like this, then don’t blame me for not being polite to you anymore!” 
She turned directly to the groomsmen. “You’re not to invite her, and for today’s car fleet, you are not to let her on either!” 
This confused the people in the fleet, and someone whispered, “Miss Allen, isn’t that a bit much?” 
Rebecca’s gaze turned icy as she immediately looked at the person who had spoken. 
Victoria stepped forward. “What’s wrong with that?” 
The man answered, “It’s just that the wedding will be lacking a bridesmaid… 
Tina also laughed. “What’s the big deal? Miss South will surely drive herself, or she’ll take a taxi over, won’t she?” 
The man was instantly speechless. 
Tina immediately turned fierce. “You all are from the Olsen family, aren’t you? How come? Can you disregard what Miss Allen says, and even dare to ignore Miss Victoria?” 
348 Chapter 347 
The person in charge dared not speak anymore, and just then, Charles, the Olsen family’s second son, who was responsible for his elder brother’s wedding today, came over and frowned in question. “What’s going on?” 
The person in charge explained the situation.
Charles turned to Victoria immediately. “Little sister, are you causing trouble again? Today is Ellis’s wedding, so let’s not turn it into an ugly scene…” 
Victoria sighed. “Charles, it’s not me who wants to make it difficult for her, but she had hit our Christina earlier… and she really doesn’t get along with our family. 
“What?!” 
Charles became furious. “She dared to lay hands on Christina?! Can the Olsen family’s daughter be subjected to this treatment?!” 
Charles had always loved his sisters. 
Seeing other families with sisters, especially the Davis family with a bunch of girls, he envied them so! But, unfortunately, his own father and two uncles never managed to have a daughter. They eventually had to adopt two. 
Although they were not blood–related, Charles still doted on his two sisters greatly. 
Thus, hearing this, he immediately found Keira distinctly displeasing. “Why let such a person in the car? She shouldn’t even appear at the wedding!” 
Leaving these words, Charles waved his hand. “Alright everyone, get in your cars.” 
Tina then immediately turned to Victoria. “Miss Olsen, your brothers are really fond of you…” 
Hearing that, Victoria smiled faintly, clearly feeling triumphant. 
Rebecca turned to glance at Keira. 
That face resembled her savior’s, and she looked aggrieved. It caused some discomfort at the bottom of Rebecca’s heart…
But as soon as Rebecca remembered how Keera had taken everything from Keira, her heart that had just softened hardened again. 
Everyone could forget Miss Keira, except Lewis Horton! 
Thinking about this, Rebecca turned and got into the car. 
After everyone got into the cars and the fleet started moving, it seemed as though nobody noticed Keim… 
She, in her bridesmaid dress, stood quietly next to the departing cars. 
She watched them with cold eyes and sighed softly. 
She was in a villa district where even a taxi might not come by for quite a while…. 
Just as she was wondering how she would get to the wedding, a car suddenly stopped beside her… 
349 Chapter 348
###Chapter 348
348 Chapter 347
Everyone turned their heads and saw a line of cars arriving for the wedding procession, stopping at the entrance.
The door of the lead car was opened, and Ellis, dressed in a suit, got out with a dark expression on his face.
Upon seeing him, Mary blinked in disbelief and screamed inwardly.
She thought he wasn't coming.
Ellis walked up to her, ignoring the people around him.
Mary's father's hand froze midair before he hurriedly lowered it, and then he smiled ingratiatingly. "Mr. Ellis, was there a traffic jam on the way?"
He was making an excuse for Ellis.
But Ellis just sneered, saying flatly, "I woke up late." Diiscover new tories at nve/lbin(.)c/o
There was indeed a look of fatigue on his face as if he hadn't slept all night. He seemed somewhat haggard. Anyone with eyes could see his displeasure with the marriage.
Still, he had come after all.
Mary's father laughed awkwardly. "It's not late at all. I'm so glad you could come."
Then, turning his head, he tried to welcome Ellis into the room. "We've prepared tea and..."
"Don't bother. Any further delay and the auspicious hour will pass."
He looked directly at Mary. "Are you coming or not?"
Mary's eyes welled up slightly, and she lowered her head. "I am."
Ellis didn't pick her up but turned around and walked briskly ahead, reaching the car door.
Mary immediately followed, trailing her wedding dress behind her as she got into the car with Ellis. Then, suddenly remembering "Keera", she turned back to look for her.
But the car was already surrounded by people, and it was impossible to see the situation around them.
By now, the other groomsmen had stepped forward, beginning to arrange for the bridesmaids' rides.
Most of the young ladies from the Davis family's main branch, Victoria, Rebecca, and the bridesmaids who had come for the procession had been friends since childhood.
So, they were quickly escorted and got into vehicles.
It happened that someone had seen Keira, who was unmistakably eye-catching among the group of bridesmaids, but just as that person was about to approach her, he was stopped by Victoria. "Miss South offended Rebecca. It's best you don't poke your nose into this."
Rebecca was the Allen family's precious treasure.
Who, after all, would want to attract unnecessary trouble by challenging someone like Ellis, known for his devil-may-care attitude?
Therefore, hearing Victoria's words, no other groomsmen dared to come forward.
For a moment, Keira stood there, becoming the center of attention.
Anyone else would have felt extremely awkward.
But she seemed perfectly at ease, not caring in the slightest about the people around her, even glancing into the convoy to see if there was an empty car she could get in.
As she was surveying the surroundings, Rebecca suddenly stood beside her and said, "Miss South, it's quite awkward, isn't it?"
Keira looked at her.
She didn't quite understand how Rebecca had changed so much; in that moment, she even felt estranged from the Rebecca she knew.
Where had the kind, gentle, and slightly timid girl gone?
Keira didn't say anything, and Rebecca continued. "I can spare you this embarrassment. I could have my brother invite you into the car, and I could also agree to a partnership between the Allen family and Keera Technology..."
She lowered her voice suddenly. "As long as you give up Lewis Horton to me!"
Keira didn't know what to say.
She stared at Rebecca and then firmly declared, "That's impossible."
Rebecca's expression sharpened instantly. "Miss South, have you thought this through? Although Lewis Horton is quite formidable, Clance isn't his home ground. Here, with just one word from me, I can leave you isolated and without support!"
However, Keira just scoffed and said no more.
Seeing her obstinate manner, Rebecca was on the verge of breaking down, and her wrathful gaze fixed on Keira. "Fine, if you want to be like this, then don't blame me for not being polite to you anymore!"
She turned directly to the groomsmen. "You're not to invite her, and for today's car fleet, you are not to let her on either!"
This confused the people in the fleet, and someone whispered, "Miss Allen, isn't that a bit much?"
Rebecca's gaze turned icy as she immediately looked at the person who had spoken.
Victoria stepped forward. "What's wrong with that?"
The man answered, "It's just that the wedding will be lacking a bridesmaid..."
Tina also laughed. "What's the big deal? Miss South will surely drive herself, or she'll take a taxi over, won't she?"
The man was instantly speechless.
Tina immediately turned fierce. "You all are from the Olsen family, aren't you? How come? Can you disregard what Miss Allen says, and even dare to ignore Miss Victoria?"
The person in charge dared not speak anymore, and just then, Charles, the Olsen family's second son, who was responsible for his elder brother's wedding today, came over and frowned in question. "What's going on?"
The person in charge explained the situation.
Charles turned to Victoria immediately. "Little sister, are you causing trouble again? Today is Ellis's wedding, so let's not turn it into an ugly scene..."
Victoria sighed. "Charles, it's not me who wants to make it difficult for her, but she had hit Christina earlier... and she really doesn't get along with our family..."
"What?!"
Charles became furious. "She dared to lay hands on Christina?! Can the Olsen family's daughter be subjected to this treatment?!"
Charles had always wanted his sisters.
Seeing other families with sisters, especially the Davis family with a bunch of girls, he envied them so!
But, unfortunately, his own father and two uncles never managed to have a daughter. They eventually had to adopt two.
Although they were not blood-related, Charles still doted on his two sisters greatly.
Thus, hearing this, he immediately found Keira distinctly displeasing. "Why let such a person in the car? She shouldn't even appear at the wedding!"
Leaving these words, Charles waved his hand. "Alright everyone, get in your cars."
Tina then immediately turned to Victoria. "Miss Olsen, your brothers are really fond of you..."
Hearing that, Victoria smiled faintly, clearly feeling triumphant.
Rebecca turned to glance at Keira.
That face resembled her savior's, and she looked aggrieved. It caused some discomfort at the bottom of Rebecca's heart...
But as soon as Rebecca remembered how Keera had taken everything from Keira, her heart that had just softened hardened again.
Everyone could forget Miss Keira, except Lewis Horton!
Thinking about this, Rebecca turned and got into the car.
After everyone got into the cars and the fleet started moving, it seemed as though nobody noticed Keira...
She, in her bridesmaid dress, stood quietly next to the departing cars.
She watched them with cold eyes and sighed softly.
She was in a villa district where even a taxi might not come by for quite a while...
Just as she was wondering how she would get to the wedding, a car suddenly stopped beside her...
###Chapter 349
Keira was slightly startled.
Then the car door opened, and Frankie was sitting in the back seat, staring at her. “Miss South…do you need a ride?“.
Frankie was Mary’s cousin, and since Rebecca was here today to be a bridesmaid, he would certainly be present.
Now everyone was heading to the hotel where the wedding would be held.
As a member of the bride’s family, he was also going to partake in the wedding feast.
That’s why the Davis family’s car was following behind; at this moment, Frankie was scrutinizing Keira, his eyes full of probing
Keira looked around.
The procession of cars was long, and by the time they reached the hotel, if Mary didn’t see her, she might start fretting. Keira decided not to stand on ceremony and got straight into the car. “Thank you.”
The procession started moving, and Keira took out her phone and indeed saw a message from “Have you gotten in the car?”
Mary
It seemed that when she didn’t reply, Mary sent another five messages and even made a voice call.
Keim replied immediately. “I’m in the car, don’t worry”
After putting away her phone, she noticed Frankie’s gaze, so she turned her head and asked, “Mr. Allen, is there something you want to ask?”
Behind his gold–rimmed glasses, Frankie’s gaze was fixed on her as if trying to spot some flaw in her, vet he couldn’t seem to find any.
He asked directly, “The information about Miss South shows that you are quite mild–mannered.”
Keira smiled. “Yes, I used to be quite gentle, thinking it was good for a woman to support her husband and educate her children, but didn’t my ex–husband teach me how to be a different
She said this with a self–deprecating smile.
person?”
Preconceived notions were truly harmful. Who could have imagined that a woman as delicate and fragile as her sister could also have her own strength deep down?
How could someone capable of giving up the only hope of survival to her sister amidst life and death in the sea be truly weak and incompetent?
Thinking about this, Keira’s eyes showed a trace of sorrow.
Her appearance, however, made Frankie even more puzzled as he sized up Keira.
Had she really undergone a vast change in her marriage, and now she had become so composed?
That could indeed be possible…
Frankie thought he might be overthinking things.
After all, Kelta’s body had been found in Oceanion, and besides, the person in front of him didn’t have a mole at the corner of her eye.
He was silent for a long while before speaking ajpain. “Lewis is with you because you look exactly like his deceased wife. Are you aware of this, Miss South?
Keha paused, then suddenly lowered her gaze. “When my ex–husband heard about Mrs. Horton’s funeral, he took me there and discovered that I looked just like Mrs. Horton… and then my ex– husband…”
She seemed almost too embarrassed to say it. “My ex–husband gave me away to Mr. Horton… I didn’t understand what was happening at that time. It was only later that I understood:
Frankie was taken aback. “Just like that?”
Keira looked at him and seemed puzzled. “What do you mean?”
Frankie said, “It seems to me that Lewis treats you in a special way. 
Keira continued with a self–deprecating laugh. “I’m just a substitute. He probably can’t get over his wife’s death, so he tries to find a sense of presence in me.”
Frankie suddenly realized something.
At Keira’s funeral, Lewis had refused to acknowledge that the body was Keira’s, despite all the DNA
evidence….
At that time, everyone said Mr. Horton had gone mad.
Frankie had visited him, and in just a few days, Lewis had tormented himself to an extreme state.
Thinking of it now, he must have stubbornly seen Keera as Keira.
Only in this way, he could feel a bit better, right?
That was nothing but self–deception.
Once Frankie had worked out this logic, he understood what was going on and fell silent.
However, Keira wouldn’t pass up this opportunity. She turned to Frankie and suddenly smiled. “Mr. Allen, about the cooperation between our two families, are you really not going to consider it again?
Frankie frowned. “It’s just a bit of raw material. I don’t want to upset my little sister.
No sooner had he spoken than a cell phone appeared in front of him.
Keira had already opened a cooperation document and handed it to him. “What if we are willing to collaborate with you and jointly develop a new project?”
Frankie was stunned.
He looked at Keira’s phone and, upon seeing the content of the project, his eyes immediately lit up.
Keira said, “As I understand it, although the Allen family is one of the five major families, it has fallen behind the other four. If you don’t catch up, the Allen family might really decline. Aren’t you worried, Mr. Allen?”
Frankie clenched his jaw.
It was precisely because the Allen family had fallen behind that they chose to cooperate with the Horton family in Oceanion that year, aiming to rise to a higher level.
After the cooperation, their status indeed improved, but it still wasn’t enough.
The project Keira was now offering was far too tempting.
The core technology of their company certainly needed to be updated, but there weren’t enoug technical staff. The latest technologies from Dr. South were all in Samuel’s company, which now belonged to Keera…
Seeing that he was silent, Keira took back the phone, “Mr. Allen, please consider it carefully
Frankie then fell into silence.
While his sister was important, how could such a prominent family give up such a significant benefit for one relationship?
If it had been just a minor matter before, he definitely would have complied with his sister’s wishes, but now…
Frankie’s fingers traced the backrest of the seat behind him as he pondered with downcast eyes.
It took only half an hour to drive from the Davis family to the hotel.
Once the motorcade stopped, Keira looked at Frankie. “Mr. Allen, if you change your mind, you can come and find me anytime.”
Leaving these words behind, she opened the door and stepped out.
She then quickly walked toward the bride’s car and, sure enough, Mary had gotten out and was waiting for her. Only when she saw Keira did she breathe a sigh of relief. 
After that, everyone went into the hotel’s rest area to wait for the wedding ceremony.
Among the bridesmaids, Rebecca saw Keira and was momentarily taken aback. Right away, she furrowed her brows and asked displeased, “Whose car did you come in?”
Victoria also chimed in. “Yeah, what’s going on?”
Someone whispered nearby, “I think I just saw her getting out of Mr. Allen’s car.”
Rebecca was still a bit confused, “Which Mr. Allen?”
The person immediately pointed toward Frankie who had just gotten out of the car, “Your brother,
duh!”
Rebecca was dumbfounded.
Her face turned dark in an instant, and she left them with, “You guys go ahead, I’ll come later.”
Then she stormed off toward Frankie. With eyes red with anger, she glared at him. “Frankie, how could you bring Keera here?! Don’t you know that I really hate her?!”
Frankie felt somewhat helpless upon hearing this…
Seeing his sister’s state, he knew he had to give an explanation.
After a long silence, he finally said, “I suspect that Keera is Keira.”
###Chapter 350
Rebecca was stunned by these words.
She looked at Frankie incredulously and took a step forward to grab his hand. “And then what?Follow the latest novels ? n/velbin(.)com
Frankie rubbed his forehead. “In the car, I tested her a bit. It could be her, but It’s hard to say
Rebecca let go of his hand. “So, is it her or not?”
“I don’t know.”
Rebecca’s eyes reddened slightly. “Frankie, do you also think she looks a lot like Miss Keira, which is why you’re getting fond of her? You can’t help her anymore! She’s not Miss Keira!”
Frankie said helplessly. “I know, I know.”
“You don’t know!”
Rebecca released his hand, and her eyes turned fully red. “All of you are attracted to her because she resembles Miss Keira, and that’s an obscenity and injustice to Miss Keira! She’s not her! Frankie, I won’t allow you to look at her again!”
Rebecca was emotionally agitated.
Secing this, Frankic immediately took a step forward and gently patted her back, sighing silently.
He then remembered what the doctor had said yesterday. “Miss Allen definitely has severe depression, which makes her emotions very unstable. She needs constant care for her moods, and remember not to agitate her further.”
Thinking of this, Frankie sighed. “Okay, I won’t look at her or help her anymore, okay?”
Rebecca was finally pacified.
The two entered the wedding venue, and Frankie personally took her to the backstage resting area. Rebecca kept an eye on Frankie, and seeing that he indeed didn’t spare a glance at Keira, she was finally satisfied.
She went through the door and sat down on the couch.
Tina and Victoria were sitting there; when they saw her, they gathered around.
“Rebecca, did you find out why? Why would Frankie help her? Is it possible he’s taken a liking to her?”
Rebecca replied immediately,” Frankie just thinks there shouldn’t be any trouble at the wedding. Don’t overthink it.”
“That’s good.
Someone else said, “This Keera does look as pretty as Mary; no wonder the two of them often huddle together. With just those two faces, there’s nothing they can’t do, right?”
“Please, Mary is alright. But that Keera, she has the face of a seductress. Just now when she was standing with the Davis family, several people looked at her with sympathy.”
Those words instantly changed Rebecca’s expression. “You’re the one with the seductress face! How
170
can you
350 Chapter 340
talk like that? Her face is perfect, and I won’t allow you to speak of her like that!”
Miss Keira also had that face; If they were insulting Keera’s face, wouldn’t they be insulting Miss
Keim?
The faces of the few people around Immediately stiffened.
Rebecca looked at them with disgust. “No personal attacks against Keera are allowed, especially not. about her face!”
The others looked at each other, offered an awkward smile, and stepped away.
As they walked away, they muttered under their breath.
“Does Rebecca have mental issues? I was helping her insult someone, and she turned on me?”
“Don’t mind her. I think her mental state isn’t right.”
But Rebecca paid no attention to them and just gazed blankly at Keera.
At that moment, Keera was accompanying Mary. They weren’t paying attention to what people here were saying and were whispering to each other. Keera’s profile was distinct, with long eyelashes over her eyes, just like Miss Keira’s.
God knew what was said, but Keera smiled slightly, her lips curling at the corners, which made Rebecca’s own lips involuntarily rise.
But then, Rebecca abruptly snapped back to reality.
“Slap!”
She gave herself a harsh slap!
She wished she could slap herself a few more times; how could she have just seen the shadow of Miss Keira in Keera?
No!
Absolutely not!
In this world, no one could replace Miss Keira!
Rebecca stood up with red–rimmed eyes. 
Her behavior left everyone around her stunned.
Tina was even more puzzled and asked, “Miss Allen, what’s wrong with you?”
Rebecca replied with a dark face, “It’s nothing.”
She had almost done the same as Lewis Horton, finding a substitute!
She immediately turned her head away, no longer looking at Keira.
At that moment, someone entered the hall. The master of ceremonies came in to synchronize the process. He held a ring in his hand. “Excuse me, ladies, during the wedding ceremony later, we’ll need a bridesmaid and a best man on stage to deliver the ring to the bride. Who have we selected for this? | need to go over the process with the bridesmaid…”
As soon as these words were said, everyone fell silent and turned their gaze
toward Mary.
350 Chapter 3340
This opportunity would suit any of the bridesmaids present.
Rebecca was the cousin.
Victoria was the cousin of the groom.
The girls from the Davis family were all cousins of Mary….
Everyone thought Mary would definitely choose from among them, but to their surprise, Mary said, “I’ve already thought about it. Let Keem do it
On her wedding day, even though this was a wedding without blessings, she still wanted her best friend by her side.
Moreover, Mary didn’t know what that task Keera spoke of was all about.
In any case, if she was the one to deliver the ring, she could surely complete the task better, right?
But as soon as Mary said this, the faces of the other bridesmaids turned strange.
Victoria and the women from the Davis family all sneered, but only Rebecca cried out vehemently. “Why does she deserve it?!
Mary looked at her, puzzled. “What do you mean?”
Rebecca retorted with a cold laugh. “Why does she get to be on stage to deliver the ring to you? I won’t allow it!”
She definitely wouldn’t allow this person, who bore the face of Miss Keim, to be the center of attention. If she allowed her to do so, wouldn’t she be able to do as she pleases in Clance in the future?
Mary frowned. “Rebecca, this is my wedding. I’ll decide who I choose.”
Rebecca was unreasonably obstinate. “I simply do not agree, and I believe that Ellis wouldn’t agree either. If you don’t believe me, go get him!”
Back then in Oceanion, Ellis and Keira eventually made peace with each other.
Ellis had repeatedly expressed his genuine admiration for Keira’s extraordinary horsemanship.
Therefore, Rebecca was certain that Ellis wouldn’t agree.
Mary scoffed. “Rebecca, as I said, this is my wedding, and I’ll choose my bridesmaids. I don’t need anyone’s consent!” Upstodatee from n(0)/v/lbIn/.(co/m
The two were at an impasse.
The master of ceremonies stepped out and immediately called Ellis over.
As soon as Ellis entered, he said impatiently, “What are you arguing about?”
Rebecca immediately pointed at Keira and said, “Ellis, take a good look at Mary’s best friend! Mary is actually saying to let her go on stage and deliver the ring to you!”
Rebecca didn’t know how else to put it, she just spitefully exclaimed, “She doesn’t deserve it! Ellis, she doesn’t deserve it!”
“Why doesn’t she deserve it?!” Mary pressed on demandingly.
350 Chapter 341
Why?
Of course, it was because she didn’t deserve to look like Miss Keira!
But Rebecca couldn’t bring herself to say that. She struggled for a while, then suddenly looked at Victoria and Tina by her side, remembering the words they had said…
Although Rebecca felt that what they said was wrong, still, without thinking, she blurted out, “Because her status doesn’t match! The marriage of the five major families is a serious affair, and the bridesmaid who goes on stage must also come from one of those families. How can you let someone. of her humble origins step on stage?!”
She knew what she said was not right; Miss Keira often talked about everyone being equal, and she never judged people by their status.
However, at that moment, Rebecca spoke without restraint.
Hastily, she affirmed her own statement. “Ellis, am I right?!”
###Chapter 351
351 Chapter 350 
Keira looked at Rebecca in shock. 
She couldn't imagine how that reserved girl from Oceanion could have transformed into the person she was now... 
Sharp, spiteful... 
She quietly sighed. 
Mary also frowned, "Rebecca, do you think you're somehow better than everyone else? Let me tell you, I want Keera to be my bridesmaid on stage!" 
Rebecca ignored her, still staring at Ellis. "Ellis, say something!" 
Ellis sneered. "Rebecca, what do you want me to say? About how you could have turned out like this? I can tell you with certainty that among everyone present today, Keera is the most suitable person by status!" 
"Keera" was his own cousin! 
Among the five major families, the Olsen family ranked second; the wealthy ones here were all inferior to the Olsen family. 
According to this ranking, "Keera" was indeed the one with the highest status among everyone at the event! 
However, without his third uncle's consent, he still had no way to formally acknowledge his cousin. 
As for Uncle Olsen... 
Ellis lowered his gaze. He had lost contact with that man! 
Just half a month ago, his third uncle sent him a message, saying that he was going to an island in search of something, and there was nothing after that. The wedding was arranged so hastily that his uncle probably didn't even know Ellis was getting married. 
Everything regarding acknowledging "Keera" as a family member would have to wait until the return of Uncle Olsen. 
Just half a month ago, his third uncle sent him a message, saying that he was going to an island in search of something, and there was nothing after that. The wedding was arranged so hastily that his uncle probably didn't even know Ellis was getting married. 
Everything regarding acknowledging "Keera" as a family member would have to wait until the return of Uncle Olsen. 
Ellis thought of this, then saw the astounded look on Rebecca's face. After a long while, she shouted, "You say she's the most suitable? Is it because she looks like Keira? I know you like Keira and admire her horse-riding skills, but Ellis, she's not Keira! She's Keera!!" 
Ellis thought Rebecca was being utterly ridiculous. 
So, he told someone nearby, "Please bring Mr. Allen over here. I think his sister isn't in good health, so it's best to take her home now." 
"Yes." 
That person immediately went to look for Frankie. 
Soon, Frankie arrived in a hurry. As he entered, he heard Ellis's words, so he sighed and looked at Rebecca. "Rebecca, you seem tired. Why don't we go home? There's not much left for today's wedding anyway." 
At that moment, Rebecca felt like crying. 
Why? 
Did everyone who knew Keira favor Keera now? 
Did they consider Keera as Keira? 
How could they... How could that be right? 
Her eyes became red, and she wobbled as if about to fall. Just then, Frankie stepped forward and caught her in his arms, then turned to the others and said, "Sorry, but we must leave now." 
Frankie held Rebecca and called their father, asking the latter to take Rebecca home. 
Mrs. Allen was from the Davis family, so she needed to stay and help with hosting the guests. 
Frankie should stay too. 
Once Rebecca was in the car, she looked at Frankie, her eyes red from crying. "Frankie, everyone has betrayed Miss Keira. We can't be like them. Promise me you won't be nice to Keera, okay?" 
Frankie looked at his obsessive sister and patted the back of her hand. "Alright." 
... 
No one understood the meaning behind Ellis's words. 
Why was "Keera" said to be the most suitable by status? 
Was it because she was Mary's best friend? 
Unable to figure it out, everyone chose not to dwell on it. 
The wedding began. Everyone entered the venue in an orderly manner as directed by the master of ceremonies. 
Keira personally went on stage and gave Mary the ring. At that moment, gazing at the blissful Mary, she thought of her sister's diary... 
Her sister had always wanted Mary to have a happy life. 
Seeing this scene, she certainly would have been happy, right? 
Keira lowered her eyes, suppressing the tears, and then finally stepped off the stage. 
Mary saw her subtle gesture and felt a myriad of emotions. 
The wedding proceeded swiftly, but throughout the event, Ellis's expression stayed grim, and he hardly said a word. Even when the master of ceremonies asked if he was willing to take Mary as his wife, Ellis was silent for a long time, and just when everyone thought he was going to change his mind, he finally squeezed out the words. 
"Yes." 
Anyway, after some unsettling moments, the ceremony was completed, and then the buffet began. 
Because Mary was pregnant, the toast ceremony was omitted. Everyone gathered, chatting and laughing, marking the end of the wedding. 
Keira picked up a plate and got some food before walking to the balcony nearby, admiring the view of the whole Clance. 
This banquet hall belonged to the Olsen family. 
Perched on the 48th floor of a tall building, one could see the thriving beauty of Clance from here. 
While she was eating, Frankie suddenly appeared beside her. "Miss South..." 
Keira smiled and looked at him. "Mr. Allen, have you made a decision?" 
Frankie remained silent for a long time. "We could secretly form a partnership without letting Rebecca know. We don't want her to find out." 
Keira immediately raised an eyebrow and lifted her champagne toward him. "No problem." 
The potential of her project was too tempting, and the prospects were very promising. Frankie wouldn't be a qualified family head if he didn't partner up with her. 
Keira wasn't surprised by his decision. 
After the two toasted, Frankie turned to leave but suddenly stiffened. 
Following his gaze, Keira turned and realized that Rebecca had returned and was standing behind them. 
Rebecca had come back only because she forgot her bag, and she followed her brother when she saw him approaching "Keera", never expecting to overhear such a conversation! 
Her eyes widened in disbelief as she looked at Frankie. 
What did her brother just say?! 
To collaborate with "Keera"...but to keep it a secret from his sister. 
Had her brother too been bewitched by "Keera"?! 
At that moment, Rebecca felt a chill through her body as if the entire world had betrayed Miss Keira... 
Her eyes became red as she stared fixedly at Frankie and "Keera". 
Panicking, Frankie stammered. "Rebecca, listen to me. It's not what you think. Miss Keera's project that could lead our company..." 
"I won't listen to you!" Rebecca screamed hysterically, covering her ears and shaking her head vigorously. 
Then she suddenly turned and ran out of the room. 
Frankie chased after her. 
Keira wanted to follow but stopped herself, knowing that her presence might make Rebecca feel even worse. 
She sighed quietly to herself and continued eating while looking at the scenery outside the window. 
However, five minutes later, there was chaos in the banquet hall. Keira thought something might have happened to Mary, but she heard people nearby saying, "It's true. I just saw it with my own eyes. Rebecca ran to the rooftop! She's going to jump!" 
Jumping off the building... 
Keira's pupils shrank, and she immediately put down her plate and rushed with the crowd toward the stairs!! 
The safety door to the rooftop had somehow been opened; Keira hadn't even gotten there when she heard the murmurs of the crowd. 
"The Allen family is not allowing anyone to get close, to avoid aggravating Rebecca..." 
"What happened? Why does she suddenly want to jump off the building?" 
"From their conversation, it seems like Frankie is interested in Keera. Rebecca and Keera have a bit of a feud... Like just now during the bridal procession..." 
"Wasn't Frankie supposed to be a brother who dotes on his sister like crazy?" 
Keira herself was bewildered. 
She didn't understand why Rebecca hated her so much. 
But the next moment, she heard something. 
"No, no, I know what happened. I just overheard their conversation. It seems like Rebecca thinks Keera looks a lot like someone she's grateful to, and she thinks Mr. Allen has transferred his affections, and that Miss Keira has been forgotten by everyone, so she couldn't handle it..." 
Hearing this, Keira suddenly understood. 
Her eyes widened in shock. 
She suddenly connected all of Rebecca's actions... 
Rebecca had never betrayed her, nor had she fallen for Lewis. The reason she fought for Lewis was because she thought Lewis had found a replacement for Keira... 
Her opposition to "Keera" and the refusal to let Frankie work with her was because she felt it was a disservice to Keira... 
Tears instantly welled up in Keira's eyes. 
She pushed through the crowd, determined to clarify everything with Rebecca! 
That foolish girl!
###Chapter 352
352 Chapter 351 
Keira rushed to the rooftop entrance, trying to push through the crowd, but someone blocked her way. 
"Miss South, Miss Allen wanted to jump off the building because of you, what are you going to do now? Aren't you going to make things worse for her?" 
The speaker was Frankie's assistant. 
As soon as he said this, it confirmed many speculations, and everyone turned to look at Keira. 
"What is the grievance between her and Miss Allen?" 
"What's going on with this woman? She drove Miss Allen, a prominent figure of the Allen family, to jump off a building... This is outrageous!" 
"Right, and now she still insists on pushing forward. Is it because she thinks Miss Allen isn't jumping fast enough?" 
Amidst the noise of the crowd, Victoria and Ellis, hearing the news, also hurried over. 
Ellis immediately scolded, "What nonsense are you talking about?!" 
But Victoria said, "Ellis, actually, they're not wrong. Miss Allen has been targeting Keera, and because of the choice of Mary's bridesmaid, there was an unpleasant incident this morning." 
Having said this, Victoria looked directly at "Keera" and sighed. "Keera, Miss Allen is already somewhat frail, but you keep making her angry... How good it would have been if you were more considerate of her today?" 
With these words, everyone was misled to believe that it was "Keera" who deliberately provoked Rebecca. 
Ellis also frowned. Although he wanted to defend "Keera", he couldn't be too biased. "What is the conflict between them?" 
14:31 
Ellis also frowned. Although he wanted to defend "Keera", he couldn't be too biased. "What is the conflict between them?" 
Victoria then said, "I'm not very clear. I only know she upset Miss Allen today. When Miss Allen asked her to leave, she smashed a chair and even threatened us..." 
After saying this, she quickly added. "Also, I think I saw her flirting with Mr. Allen. I don't know what they were talking about, something about collaboration, I guess, and then it upset Miss Allen..." 
Hearing this, Ellis immediately looked at Keira. "Are you really that short on cash? After collaborating with the Olsen family and the Davis family, haven't you had enough projects? Why go out of your way to provoke Miss Allen?" 
Ellis knew about Rebecca's condition and felt some sympathy for her, hence his tone was somewhat harsh. 
Keira couldn't be bothered to argue with them here and just looked ahead of her. "Let me through. I can save Rebecca!" 
"Miss South, you are so rude! You're calling Miss Allen by her first name. Are you that close to her?" 
Victoria's remark caused everyone to turn their eyes on Keira, their looks filled with condemnation. 
"Exactly, is Miss Allen's name something you can just call out?" 
"Don't think that just because your best friend married Mr. Ellis, you can rise above your station and become part of the five great families." 
"Check your own status. You're completely shameless..." 
Keira was speechless. 
She took a deep breath and said, "Whether we're close or not, it's none of your business. I'll say it again, move aside!" 
Victoria looked at Ellis. "Ellis, do you see? This has been her attitude since this morning. She's so arrogant. It's no wonder she made Miss Allen so angry..." 
Ellis frowned, about to say something, but Keira had already stepped forward, preparing to bypass him. 
But at that moment, Ellis grabbed her arm. "Keera, you..." 
"Rebecca wants to jump because of me, and only I can save her. Any further delay could cost her life!" 
"Keera" whispered furiously. 
That anxious look, for some reason, reminded Ellis of the Keira he knew back in Oceanion... 
Though the twin sisters shared the same face, Keira's eyes always held a cold and brisk sharpness, whereas Keera always seemed delicate and fragile... 
Now, the look in "Keera's" eyes overlapped with that of Keira's... 
This made Ellis unable to help believing the person in front of him. "...I'll go with you." 
"Okay." 
Keira followed Ellis onto the rooftop door. 
Seeing this, Victoria immediately followed behind the two. "Ellis, I want to go and see. I have some connection with Miss Allen..." 
The building had 68 floors, and stepping onto the rooftop, a gale hit them full in the face, making one feel as if they were staggering and about to be blown away. 
Victoria paused slightly, frightened. 
Once she had adapted to the wind, she chose to continue following behind the two. 
Keira anxiously scanned the surroundings, searching for Rebecca... 
Many structures on the rooftop blocked her view, but Rebecca's location was easy to find because, at that moment, she was shouting loudly. 
The delicate girl, even in hysteria, had a voice that sounded light and airy. 
Her crying was mixed with grievance. "Frankie, even you have deceived me. Are you collaborating with her because she looks a lot like Miss Keira?! Tell me, have you transferred your affection for Miss Keira onto her?!" 
Then came Frankie's anxious voice. "Rebecca, I was wrong. I won't work with her, okay? Please come back here!" 
"I won't!" 
Rebecca roared. "You liar! Today, when picking up the bridemaids, you brought her to the hotel. You've just channeled your little fondness for Miss Keira onto her. You're not my brother; I'll never trust you again!" 
"Rebecca! I didn't! Let me explain..." 
"I won't listen, I won't! I don't want to see her again. Frankie, if even you and our parents are going to forget Miss Keira, if even Lewis Horton is going to forget Miss Keira, then I would rather use my death to make you all remember her again!" 
Rebecca shouted hysterically, "She just passed away a month ago, a month! Lewis Horton has found a substitute, and both you and Ellis have shifted your focus to Keera. But she's not Miss Keira, she's not! How can you all so easily transfer your love? How could you be worthy of Miss Keira?! Frankie, think about it! When you see her, don't you feel like you're seeing a shadow of Miss Keira?" 
Her accusation caused Frankie to pause for a moment. 
He didn't respond. 
Then Rebecca let out a bitter laugh. "Right, I figured. Because I saw it too... How could I see the shadow of Miss Keira in someone else? If Miss Keira were still here, she would find that, in just a month, that woman has become her husband's lover and her subordinate's boss... That woman has almost completely replaced her. How devastated Miss Keira would have been?!" 
Frankie's eyes were filled with tears. 
Even Ellis, who had followed them, paused slightly. 
It seemed he was reminded of Keira, and a shade of sorrow surged in his eyes. 
That proud woman was an irreplaceable presence in his mind... She was also his own cousin! 
How could he allow Keera to dilute the grief of Keira's departure?
###Chapter 353
353 Chapter 352
Victoria noticed Ellis's hesitation.
Unable to hold back, Victoria asked, "Ellis, who is this Miss Keira that Miss Allen mentioned? Do you know her?"
She knew that if he didn't know that person, Rebecca wouldn't have mentioned Ellis just now...
Upon hearing this, Ellis immediately fell silent.
Keira, on the other hand, didn't care at all about their feelings and tried to walk past them toward the other side, only to be stopped by Ellis.
Ellis looked at her. "Keera, Rebecca is currently in an unstable mental state, and I think it's not suitable for you to go over there..."
Keira felt extremely frustrated upon hearing this.
Just as she was about to push past Ellis, she heard him say, "But there's someone who's suitable for the job."
Keira was taken aback. "Who?"
"Keira Olsen."
Keira was stunned.
Ellis stared at her. "I know, you must have heard the name Keira, and you also know that she's your twin sister. You two look very alike, and she's the reason your existence upset Rebecca. So, can you pretend to be Keira right now and persuade her to come down?"
Keira was speechless.
She was supposed to pretend to be herself?
Keira had no intention to pretend. She just wanted to hurry over and reveal her identity to prevent Rebecca from jumping off the building.
Moreover, how could she not be moved by such a frail girl as Rebecca, who had gone to such lengths for her?
Hearing Ellis, she couldn't be bothered to explain anything and simply nodded. "Alright, can I go over there now?"
Ellis immediately nodded, then glanced at the corner of her eye, and swiftly turned to Victoria. "Lend me your eyeliner or eyebrow pencil or something like that."
Keira knew what he intended to do and, after thinking about it, decided not to interfere.
Confused, Victoria looked at the two of them but obediently opened her bag and handed over her makeup for touch-ups to Ellis.
Ellis quickly took out an eyeliner and drew a mole by the corner of Keira's eye, identical to her original one.
Keira was speechless.
After he finished, Ellis took a careful look at her. "Now you look even more like her, go! Oh, and Keira always calls her Rebecca. You should know what to do."
Keira nodded and started to walk over with big strides.
As soon as she rounded a concrete wall, Keira was startled by the scene before her.
No wonder Frankie didn't dare to force a rescue.
Rebecca was currently standing at the edge of the rooftop, and strong wind was blowing her bridesmaid dress. With the fluttering long skirt, she looked as if she was about to fall at any moment.
It seemed as though the next gust of wind could carry Rebecca away.
The scene was heart-stopping to witness.
Keira's eyes immediately welled up with tears.
She took a step forward and called out, "Rebecca!"
Rebecca and Frankie turned their heads in unison upon hearing this voice, and seeing Keira, they were both stunned.
Frankie thought to take advantage of Rebecca's moment of distraction to rush closer, but Rebecca noticed it and immediately shouted, "Frankie, don't come over. If you do, I'll jump right now!"
Frankie stood still.
Only then did Rebecca's attentive gaze fall back on Keira.
She scrutinized Keira inch by inch as if trying to see whether she was the real Keira.
"Keera's" expression was composed and calm, and the clear, cold eyes no longer had the real Keera's gentleness and timidity; they were Keira's eyes.
Rebecca's gaze finally settled on the corner of Keira's eye.
With a mole under her eye...
Rebecca's face lit up with joy, her gaze uncertain as she looked at Keira and called out softly, "...Miss Keira?"
"Rebecca, it's me!"
Keira stepped forward slowly, approaching Frankie, and offered Rebecca her hand. "Come down and join me."
Rebecca's eyes almost bulged out.
It was clear that there was indeed something wrong with Rebecca's mind...
At that moment, her eyes were brimming with tears, and she asked, "Miss Keira?"
Keira immediately nodded.
Rebecca wept for joy, and her tears rolled down in large drops. "You... you didn't die? Why are you here?" Gêtt the latest chpters on n/velbin(.)com
After uttering these words, she suddenly realized something, and her expression instantly became wary. "The clothes you're wearing... aren't those what Keera wore? Aren't you Keera? How could you be Miss Keira?"
Keira hadn't reached Rebecca's side yet, so she called out, "Rebecca, I am Keira, not Keera. You remember my voice and the mole under my eye, don't you?"
Rebecca's gaze fell on the mole again, then she nodded. "Right, I recognize your mole..."
"So, come back..."
Keira reached out. "Come back here, okay? I didn't die, and you can't die either..."
"Okay, okay..."
Rebecca started crying again, reaching out her hand to Keira like a child.
Seeing this, Frankie and Ellis, who had followed Keira, both breathed a sigh of relief.
However, Victoria, who was nearby, frowned upon seeing this scene.
This "Keera"... was so annoying!
If she really saved Rebecca, she would latch onto the Allen family again... Then there would be one more competitor in Clance!
And, from what Rebecca had just said...
"Keera" looked a lot like the late Mrs. Horton.
In that case, wouldn't Lewis Horton be easily seduced by her?
Victoria's own marriage plan might just fall through!
With this thought, a malicious glint flashed in Victoria's eyes, and she stepped forward, saying, "That's right, Miss Allen. Why would you think of such a thing? Nothing is more important than your own life..."
While saying those words, she also took out her makeup bag. "Your makeup has been ruined by tears. Let me help you touch it up. You'll be pretty when we meet the others back downstairs..."
She deliberately took out an eyebrow pencil and shook it in front of Rebecca.
Then she reached out and touched the side of her nose.
Rebecca, watching her actions, suddenly remembered that the makeup artist today mentioned that it was fashionable to draw a mole by the nose.
It made one look sexy.
Draw a mole...
Rebecca suddenly understood something, and she turned sharply toward Keira. "You're not Miss Keira! You are Keera! The mole under your eye is drawn on!"
As soon as these words came out, Ellis's face changed dramatically!
Even Frankie was taken aback.
Both of them sensed something was amiss and nearly lunged forward!
Unfortunately, Rebecca felt deceived and stepped back. "Don't come near! Stay away!!"
Her back foot suddenly missed its footing, and she fell backward!
She fell over the edge of the roof!
###Chapter 354 Full
354  Chapter 353
Victoria watched this with joy.
If Rebecca fell, she would certainly die. By then, Clance would have one less rich young lady competing with her for Lewis Horton.
"Keera" would then be blamed for not saving Rebecca, for she had added to Rebecca's distress and suicide, leaving the Allen family with a grudge against "Keera".
It was like killing two birds with one stone!
With delight, she looked ahead, only to see someone darting forward, desperately grabbing Rebecca's arm.
Rebecca herself was swaying precariously in midair.
Keira was lying on the ground, her upper body almost suspended in the air as she clutched Rebecca's wrist for dear life.
When Keira seemed about to fall together with Rebecca, Frankie and Ellis arrived. They hurriedly seized her legs.
Only then, with the three of them together, were they able to barely keep Rebecca from falling!
Rebecca looked up, showing a hint of terror on her face.
Staring at the girl who was tightly gripping her hand, Rebecca's mind flashed back to the light that had glimmered in the hospital years ago, when she was nearly tortured to death by her husband and mother-in-law. She remembered the light from the girl who had made that phone call to her brother.
Her vision blurred as the two figures gradually merged.
But the next moment, she snapped back to reality, crying, "You're not Miss Keira! Why do I see her shadow in you again? Keira, I'm sorry... There has to be at least one person in this world who remembers you..."
Keira felt she had reached her physical limit.
She heard Rebecca's cries and, in desperation, scolded, "Stop spouting nonsense! Come back to us! I'm Keira, Rebecca. I want you to live. Otherwise, why did I bother saving you in the hospital before?!"
Rebecca was momentarily stunned.
But then she shook her head. "The mole by your eye is drawn on... I don't believe you. Let go, even if you pull me up, if I want to die, there are countless ways."
She closed her eyes. "If you save me, I'll only hate you. I don't want to owe you or anyone else anything." Only by not owing anything to Keera could she justify continuing to hate her.
Otherwise, she would be betraying Keira!
Seeing her being so extreme and obstinate, Keira sighed quietly.
From behind her, Frankie shouted, "Miss South, don't listen to her. If you can save Rebecca, you'll be the Allen family's savior. Please don't let go!"
Hearing Frankie call her "Miss South" made Rebecca's emotions escalate further. She struggled, trying to push Keira's grip away.
She even dug her long nails into Keira's flesh.
But Keira felt no pain, even as her body still hung in midair during this life-or-death moment, with the people below looking as tiny as ants.
She knew the terrible consequences of falling from this height.
In such circumstances, the body would automatically block out the sensation of pain and release more dopamine, fueling the instinct to survive.
All Keira could do was shout at Frankie. "Shut up!"
Knowing that explaining anything to Rebecca at this moment would be pointless, she simply yelled, "Pull me up!"
Ellis and Frankie used all their forces, slowly pulling Keira back onto the rooftop.
It didn't take long for Keira to get there.
She clung to Rebecca's hand until Frankie released her and grabbed Rebecca from the side. Only then did Keira relax.
She felt as though her arms were no longer her own.
Plus, the friction between her skin and the ground made her chest sting, as streaks of blood appeared from the abrasion.
But she ignored the pain, anxious for a glimpse of Rebecca.
Rebecca was dragged onto the rooftop and lay on the ground. She seemed lifeless as she looked up at the sky.
Her white bridesmaid's dress fluttered in the wind.
But her eyes lacked any sparkle.
Frankie looked at her, his eyes reddening with anger as he rebuked, "Rebecca! Is Keira the only person in your life? Have you forgotten you still have your parents? And you have me! If something really happened to you, what do you expect the three of us would do?!"
Upon hearing this, Rebecca just moved her eyeballs. "Frankie, three years ago, when I didn't listen to your advice and insisted on marrying that man and moving to Oceanion with him, you should have considered me dead from that moment on..."
That sentence made Frankie speechless.
He suddenly understood what Rebecca meant...
If there were no Keira, the previous Rebecca, the pampered Rebecca, the Rebecca who was the precious daughter of the Allen family, would have long since died in that hospital incident in Oceanion.
So, the Rebecca who was alive now was no longer his sister, nor the daughter of their parents, but someone saved by Keira.
In her mind, there was only Keira, her savior.
Thinking of this, Frankie wanted to cry and to scold her...
But he couldn't scold her; he knew that his sister was just unwell.
She was suffering from depression.
The girl who might save his sister might never appear again...
Frankie suddenly felt an overwhelming sense of helplessness.
Even though he had saved his sister once, he couldn't save her every time...
If there were any negligence on his part one day...
He clenched his fists tightly, not daring to think of the consequences.
Just then, Keira suddenly crawled to Rebecca's side, gazed at her, and said in a low scolding voice, "Rebecca, what nonsense are you talking about? I only made a phone call for you. The people who gave birth to you, raised you, and pampered you will always be your family! How can you devalue your own life for my sake?!"
Rebecca looked at her.
Thinking about how this woman had desperately tried to save her just moments ago...
If Frankie and Ellis hadn't arrived in time and grabbed her legs, "Keera" might have fallen down with her.
Rebecca started to cry. "Keera, stop pretending. I don't need you to save me! How could you save me?! How am I supposed to face Miss Keira?!"
She covered her face, starting to cry in agony.
She owed "Keera" her life now. How could her life now belong solely and cleanly to Miss Keira?
When Keira heard this, she moved her sore arm, watched Rebecca cry uncontrollably, and took a deep breath. "I told you, I'm Keira."
Rebecca's crying paused at that moment, then she continued to sob and bellow. "Do you think I would believe that? The mole under your eye is drawn on! Stop pretending to be Miss Keira!"
By her side, Frankie also said, "Miss South, thank you for this rescue, but please stop agitating her..."
Keira lowered her gaze, then suddenly grabbed Rebecca's hand and forcefully pulled her up from the floor. "Come with me!"
Rebecca was so frail that she was dragged away, and the two of them entered a restroom.
Keira pulled Rebecca straight inside, and then immediately looked at her. "Makeup remover wipes, do you have any?"
Rebecca was momentarily stunned at this request.
Keira then said, "If the mole is still there after I remove the makeup, can that prove I am Keira?"
Rebecca was dumbfounded.
She then blurted out. "Keera, what new trick are you playing now? I've told you. Don't think that by saving me, I would put you on par with Miss Keira. You can never compare to her! You want to remove your makeup? Fine, here you go!"
This hotel was upscale, and the restroom there had makeup remover wipes.
Rebecca immediately pulled out one and handed it to her.
Keira wiped the corner of her eye with it.
On the makeup remover wipe, there indeed appeared the black trace of an eyebrow pencil...
Rebecca scoffed. "See? Your mole is drawn on. You..."
But the words that followed were cut short as she looked up and saw Keira's face. Her speech came to an abrupt halt!!
###Chapter 355
355 Chapter 354
Rebecca looked at the person in front of her in disbelief. FiNd pdtes on n()/vl?n(.)cm
Keira was holding a makeup remover wipe, wiping away the faux mole at the corner of her eye, but at the same time, she revealed the mole she had always hidden.
Rebecca had been with her almost every day when she was in Oceanion and was already familiar with Keira's face. 
The color and size of that mole indeed belonged to Keira!
Stunned, she stared at Keira, thinking for a moment that she might have seen it wrong.
After a while, she rubbed her eyes, and then tears welled up in her eyes. She looked at Keira with grievance...
Suddenly, she burst into a loud cry, her tears and snot streaming down without any regard for her image, just like a child who had been wronged!
Keira had intended to scold her and wanted to yell at her for not cherishing her own life, but before she could say anything, she saw Rebecca crying like that, and she couldn't bring herself to say those words.
Rebecca was too extreme...
But all her extremes were for Keira.
Everyone in this world was qualified to scold her, except for Keira.
Keira sighed, stepped forward, and suddenly hugged Rebecca.
Rebecca was a few inches shorter than Keira, and she stiffened again, then she wrapped her arms tightly around Keira's waist.
She buried her head into Keira's chest, and while crying, she said between broken sobs, "Miss Keira, you're not dead. You're not dead... "
Keira patted her back gently. "That's right. I'm not dead."
"Thank goodness, you're not dead!" Rebecca hugged her tightly as if she was afraid that once she let go, Keira would run away.
Keira had no choice but to nod again. "I'm not dead."
"Thank god…"
Rebecca started to cry muffled cries again.
She cried out all the grievances she had kept to herself this month. She wanted to cry loudly, but she lacked the energy and could only sob...
Outside.
Frankie and Ellis were both stunned, unaware of what was happening inside the bathroom. They pressed their ears against the door, only hearing Rebecca's crying.
The two exchanged glances, and then Frankie wanted to enter. He tried to open the door, only to find that the door was locked from the inside.
Frankie became even more anxious and shouted, "Rebecca, Rebecca? Keera? Miss South, open the door!"
But Rebecca only cried louder.
Frankie grew more anxious and looked around, then turned to Ellis. "The key! Isn't this hotel yours? Have the manager send the key over!"
Ellis immediately sent someone to fetch the keys and then also approached the bathroom door. "Keera, please don't do anything too extreme, okay..."
Victoria showed a worried expression. "Ellis, Mr. Allen, surely Keera isn't harboring resentment toward Miss Allen and harming her in there, right?"
Upon hearing this, Frankie grew even more restless. He took a step back and called out to Ellis. "Move aside!"
Ellis made way.
Frankie was about to kick the door!
But just then, the bathroom door opened.
Frankie's kick missed, and he almost performed a split on the spot.
He propped himself up on the ground with both hands to stabilize himself, then looked inside the room.
He saw "Keera" standing there.
He immediately asked with concern, "Where's Rebecca?"
"She..."
Keira hadn't finished speaking when Victoria stepped forward and scolded, "Keera, what's wrong with you? Miss Allen is a distinguished guest, and you forcibly take her into the bathroom like this. What are you trying to do to her?"
Keira was perplexed.
She began, "I..."
Victoria continued. "I know Miss Allen offended you this morning, so you bear a grudge. But even so, you can't treat her like this. She's obviously overwhelmed with grief. Can't you just be more considerate?"
Keira remained silent.
She simply crossed her arms, looking at Victoria. "Go on, keep talking."
Victoria didn't know what to say.
Seeing how stubborn Keira was, Victoria turned to Frankie. "Mr. Allen, I was just concerned about Miss Allen..."
Rebecca walked straight out of the bathroom, weakly saying, "Spare me your fake kindness!"
She had just washed her face, and all her makeup had come off, but it was apparent that her spirits were pretty good.
Although her eyes were red, the crazy look from earlier was gone...
Seeing that she was alright, Frankie finally breathed a sigh of relief.
Upon seeing this, Victoria was a little startled, not understanding what had happened between Keira and Rebecca in the bathroom that could manage to stabilize Rebecca's mental state.
She hesitantly looked at Keira and then began. "Miss Allen, I didn't mean... You should know about Keera, right? Her mole was drawn on..."
Before she could finish...
"Slap!"
Keira stepped forward and slapped Victoria's face hard.
Victoria's expression changed drastically. Holding her own cheek, she looked at Keira. "What are you doing?"
"Retaliation." Keira narrowed her eyes, a sharp glint flashing through them. "On the rooftop, did you purposely take out cosmetics to remind Rebecca that the mole at the corner of my eye was drawn on?"
Victoria's eyes flickered when she heard these words.
But then realizing that Ellis and Frankie were both looking at her, she quickly furrowed her brows and cried out with a wronged voice. "How could you wrong me like that? Am I that sort of person?"
Tears started to flow out of her eyes. "I just saw Miss Allen's makeup had been ruined by crying, and I wanted to help her touch it up..."
"Is that so?"
Keira asked indifferently.
Victoria promptly nodded.
But the next moment...
Keira raised her hand and slapped the other side of Victoria's face!
Victoria turned her head from the force of the slap, and she was furious. "Keera, how dare you?!"
Keira just clapped her hands, saying, "I've already slapped you; what's there to dare?"
"You..."
Victoria's eyes were filled with tears, and with a sense of grievance, she turned to Ellis. "Ellis, are you just going to stand there and watch me get hit?"
Keira raised an eyebrow and said, "Whether it was intentional or not, you almost killed both Miss Allen and me. I have every right to slap you twice. How about it, Mr. Ellis, do you disagree?"
Victoria immediately looked at Ellis. "Ellis, you must stand up for me! I am a daughter of the Olsen family. How can I just get slapped like that? If you allow her to do whatever she wants, when the word gets out, won't the daughters of the Olsen family be treated as worthless?"
Victoria cried very pitifully.
Yet Ellis just looked at her indifferently, then scoffed, "Family conflicts are not something outsiders can comment on, right?"
Victoria paused. "Family conflict? Ellis, what are you talking about? How can the conflict between me and Keera be considered a family conflict?"
###Chapter 356
Frankie also looked at Ellis with a puzzled expression. "Family conflict?" @
But Ellis didn't answer their questions and simply glanced at his watch. "Alright, the wedding is still going on, don't waste time here!"
He glanced at Rebecca once more, made sure she was okay, then turned and went downstairs.
After he left, Victoria turned her gaze to Keira, sizing her up. Although still unclear about the meaning of the words "family conflict", when she saw the murderous look in Frankie and Rebecca's eyes, she got a fright and hurriedly followed Ellis down the stairs.
Once she had left, Frankie immediately turned to Rebecca, "Rebecca, you..."
Rebecca immediately said, "Frankie, I'm okay now."
Frankie was taken aback, "You're okay?"
"Yeah," Rebecca lowered her eyes. "After... Keera saved me, I kind of realized something. I can't live my life in a daze anymore. Miss Keira would definitely not want to see me like this... I'll definitely get myself together from now on."
Frankie was perplexed.
He had been trying to say these words until he was blue in the face these past few days, but when had Rebecca actually listened?!
She just got saved and had an epiphany?
He hesitantly looked at Keira. "How did you make her realize it?"
Keira coughed, glanced at Rebecca, then said, "Scolded her a bit?"
Frankie was speechless.
He passed his gaze between Rebecca and Keira, finally resting his eyes on the corner of Keira's eye.
There, the mole was already gone.
She was still Keera, obviously...
He had no idea that just after the two had recognized each other, Keira immediately covered up the mole with foundation...
When the three of them went downstairs, the wedding had already ended. As the bridesmaid, Keira's task had finished. Seeing Mary and Ellis getting into the car, she then left the hotel.
She wanted to find a car to go home.
Then she immediately saw Lewis waiting outside.
He wore a cap, a mask, and a loose tracksuit. He smiled slightly the moment Keira stepped out, and he walked toward her.
Keira asked, "Why are you here?"
"To take you home."
He replied indifferently.
His deep, cello-like voice always gave a sense of security and made Keira feel warmth in her chest.
She nodded, then noticed Lewis's smile stiffen at the corner of his eyes.
Following his gaze, Keira looked over and saw Rebecca exiting the door, staring at her eagerly.
Then, Rebecca walked over coyly, her head lowered. "Well, Miss South, may I come to your place?"
"No."
"Yes."
Lewis and Keira spoke up at the same time.
Afterward, Lewis looked at Keira, his brow furrowing as he gave her a signal with his eyes. "How could you let this person go to the South residence?"
Keira raised an eyebrow in response. "What's the problem?" Lewis continued conveying his thoughts with his gaze. "This person has improper feelings toward me. How could you lead a wolf into your house?"
Keira was speechless.
She coughed, suddenly thinking that Lewis was somewhat self-absorbed.
In the end, Rebecca still squeezed into Lewis's car.
On the road, Rebecca kept staring at Keira without saying a word.
But she was frantically sending messages to Frankie on WhatsApp. "Frankie, Lewis is so scary! Will he forbid me from coming over to play with Keera in the future?"
Frankie replied to the message. "Possibly. Do you remember what you've done?"
Rebecca hastily responded, "I know I shouldn't have done that. What can I do to make him agree to let me come over to her house?"
Frankie said, "Talk to him nicely. Lewis is cold on the outside but warm on the inside. Be a bit softer with your attitude, and he'll treat you better."
Rebecca wrote, "Got it!"
Then she blinked, her gaze shifting from Keira to Lewis.
The group soon arrived at the South residence.
Lewis had just parked the car when he dragged Keira aside and lowered his voice. "She has just announced her
intentions to marry me. How could you bring her back home?"
Keira patted his shoulder, "You're overthinking it! She came here for me..."
Then she turned back to Rebecca, "I'll go make dinner for you!"
Rebecca nodded obediently. "Okay!"
Lewis frowned at Rebecca.
She came here for Keira?
Could it be that she recognized Nan Ge?
Impossible.
Keira's identity is a secret; she wouldn't reveal it unless
absolutely necessary.
Rebecca must be deceiving her...
Just as he thought about this, he observed that Rebecca, who was Keira's little tail, didn't follow Keira into the kitchen but instead kept looking at him hesitantly.
Her eyes were filled with words she seemed to hold back. She obviously had something to say to him.
Lewis's expression turned cold.
He knew this woman was harboring ill intentions toward him.
He turned and went into the living room where he saw the nanny playing with Amy, so he walked over, about to talk to Amy, when Rebecca came over, hesitating and shuffling closer.
She looked at Lewis.
But the moment Lewis looked her way, she hastily turned her attention to Amy. "Are you Keera's daughter? Wow, you're so cute! I want to play with you!"
Lewis was speechless.
He immediately turned and walked to a nearby sofa, sitting down with a frosty demeanor.
No sooner had he settled down than he saw Rebecca again, shuffling and dragging her feet as she came over and sat down beside him.
Lewis simply put down his phone and looked at her. "Miss Allen, do you have something to say to me?"
Rebecca swallowed. "Well..."ll new stries at n0ve/lbi/(.)cm
As she was struggling with how to begin, Lewis said indifferently, "No."
Rebecca was perplexed.
She was confused. "I haven't even said anything. How do you know it's a 'no'?"
Lewis chuckled. "I've known what's on your mind for a long time, Miss Allen. I'm devoted to Keera, and I'm not interested in you!"
Rebecca was confused.
She was perplexed, "No, I..."
Lewis stood up abruptly. "As I said, no means no!"
He turned and went upstairs.
Rebecca was speechless.
The Olsen family.
The Olsen family hadn't split, so all three branches lived together.
Ellis had just married, and Victoria watched the location of the new house, clenching her fists tightly.
She had been bullied today, yet the current head of the household didn't stand up for her!
It was just too much!
She absolutely couldn't let it go!
However, she had never been close to her older brother since they were young, and it wasn't unexpected for him not to help her...
At this moment, she saw Ellis emerge from the bridal chamber.
"Uncle, you finally have some news!"
"I'm married today, and you didn't attend my wedding!"
"You're coming back tomorrow? Good, I have something important to discuss with you.."
Victoria hid nearby, and at these words, her eyes lit up slightly.
If Uncle Olsen were to return, wouldn't she be able to complain to him?
After all, Uncle Olsen was known for being protective!
###Chapter 357
Chapter 357 : Chapter 356
Victoria thought of this and left contentedly
But just after she left, the voice of Ellis came from behind again.
“It’s about Keera…”
Uncle Olsen teased wearily. “What now? Have you found out if she’s the illegitimate daughter of your dad or your second uncle?”
Ellis’s mouth twitched slightly. “Well, I’ll tell you in person when you come back!”
Lest he get too excited and rush back overnight…
Uncle Olsen just grunted a sound and cursed him, “Now you’ve learned to be mysterious?”
Listening to his voice, Ellis felt his mood seemed somewhat okay, so he asked, “How’s your business going? Any news of Lady South?”
Upon hearing this, Uncle Olsen fell silent.
His silence was the best answer.
Ellis broke the silence. “You should come home and rest for a few days! It’s not an urgent matter. No matter what, she’s still on earth. She can’t possibly have escaped to outer space, right?”
Uncle Olsen’s voice came through. “Got it.”
Ellis ended the call, looking worried.
Uncle Olsen had searched for so long without finding her. Could those people have killed her?
At the thought of this possibility, Ellis’s mood grew heavier.
He cast a glance back toward the bridal chamber and strode in…
Just as he entered, he saw Mary had already removed her makeup and wedding dress, exchanging them for a conservatively styled nightgown.
Seeing him enter, Mary cast her eyes down. “You take the bed. I’ll sleep on the sofa.”
Her ice–cold demeanor irritated Ellis, and he scoffed. “Mary, I didn’t marry you to be a decoration!”
Mary stiffened.
Ellis walked to the bed, “Tonight is our wedding night Surely you wouldn’t want to upset me, would you?”
Mary’s face tensed. “What do you want?”
Ellis lowered his gaze. “If you don’t want a divorce, then remember to please me! We’re supposed to be celebrating, not mourning. Who gave you permission to scowl?”
Mary clenched her fists tightly.
Did this man truly not know why she was so cold?
After such humiliation, how could she possibly greet him with a smile?
She clenched her fists tightly and suddenly said, “Ellis, since you don’t trust me that much, let’s get a divorce. after the child is born!”
Ellis frowned upon hearing this, “What?”
She had orchestrated this big charade just to marry him, hadn’t she?
A divorce?
While he was pondering, he saw Mary walk over to the side and suddenly pull out two divorce papers from her bag.
On those papers, it was clearly stated that she’d leave with the child after giving birth, without a cent, having already signed her name in the designated spot.
Her demeanor didn’t seem feigned.
Ellis was momentarily stunned, then he stood up abruptly. “Do you really want a divorce?”
Mary nodded. “This marriage is a constraint for both of us. You don’t want to be cuckolded, so wait for the child to be born, and then we can divorce.”
Nine months should be enough time for Keera to complete her mission, right?
By then, she would truly be free…
Thinking of this, Mary saw Ellis suddenly toss the divorce agreements onto the table. “Mary, what game are you playing? After finally marrying me, would you be willing to let go and divorce me? Is this a stratagem to retreat in order to advance?”
Seeing his reaction, Mary gave a bitter smile. “I’ve already signed the divorce papers, what games could I possibly play?”
Chaptey apay
Ellis sneered. “Who knows? You went to great lengths
“I me to marry me, and on our wedding night, you you want a divorce… Don’t you think that’s strange? Maybe there’s a trap in this contract. I’ll have my lawyer look at it before we proceed!”
With those words, he took the contract and walked out.
At the doorway, he gave a cold laugh, as if to salvage his pride, and said fiercely, “Mary, you’re truly unworthy of Mrs. Olsen’s position! You’re not planning to taint the Olsen family’s bloodline with this child. At least you have that much self–awareness!”
Leaving that remark behind, he strode away.
Mary wasn’t sure if it was her imagination, but she felt that Ellis seemed somewhat disheveled as if he was fleeing from something.
But how could that be?
He didn’t even want to marry her in the first place, so why would he be reluctant to divorce?
Mary gave a bitter smile.
She sat on the bed and looked around.
The room was decorated with happiness, and the entire bridal chamber was filled with joy, but on such a wedding night, she was alone.
Indeed, such a bride was pitiful.
Ellis left the bridal chamber and drove straight out.
He went to a bar, found a private room, and then called his lawyer over, tossing the contract at him. “Take a look at this for me. Is there any trap in here?”
The lawyer, slightly bewildered from being summoned in the middle of the night, took the two–page contract and read it quickly. “There’s no trap. This contract is very favorable to you. Mrs. Davis is leaving without taking anything with her except the child. She won’t take anything else that belongs to you.”
Ellis was stunned. “She’s serious?”
The lawyer was puzzled. “Mr. Ellis, what do you mean?”
Ellis cast his gaze downward, remaining silent.
Why did Mary want a divorce?
Was it because once the child was born, a DNA test could be done, and so there would be leverage if the child wasn’t his?
When the time came for her to leave, she would indeed be getting away scot–free.
Thinking about this, Ellis slammed his glass down onto the table furiously.
What was she really trying to say?!
Ellis raked his fingers through his hair, feeling like he must be going crazy.
Thinking of Mary’s resolute manner and the way she assuredly spoke of the child being his every time, he suddenly began to doubt himself.
Could the child really be his?
But what about the diagnosis?
Ellis tapped his slender fingers against the couch, thinking back to when he was 18 years old and the medical check–up that had initially diagnosed him with oligospermia.
He had been in treatment ever since, and for this reason, he seldom rode his beloved horses anymore…
But it was to no avail. The treatment had no effect.
That also led him to remain unmarried at this age…
Could there have been a mistake in the hospital’s diagnosis?
He had always been examined and treated at the hospital owned by his family because he wanted to keep this condition private and not let it impact his image.
With this thought, Ellis frowned.
Seeing his expression, the lawyer beside him couldn’t help but ask, “Mr. Ellis? If there’s nothing else, may leave now?”
Ellis s suddenly said, “Do you know of any reliable andrology clinics?”
The lawyer was taken aback by this question. “Yes, what about it?”
Ellis suddenly looked down. “Find one for me now. I’m going to get tested tonight!”
###Chapter 358
358 Chapter 357
The lawyer didn't understand what Ellis meant, as all previous health checks had been confidential, but upon hearing this, he immediately nodded. "Okay."
The institutions that conducted tests were mostly closed at night.
Money talks, however, and although the lawyer didn't reveal Ellis's information, he still found him a small testing facility.
Ellis put on a mask and a cap to hide his face, followed the lawyer out the door, and quickly arrived at the testing institution.
After providing samples at the testing institution, he left them there as the facility couldn't immediately give a result.
Even working overtime throughout the night, they would need until the next morning to have results. He left the lawyer behind and drove aimlessly through the streets of Clance.
For a moment, he didn't know where to go...
Home... thinking about how ardently his parents longed to see Mary pregnant right away, and then considering Mary's listless demeanor, he didn't want to go back.
But as for other places... it seemed there was nowhere else to go.
So, he wandered aimlessly, and without realizing it, ended up driving to "Keera's" place.
His car stopped in front of the house. Seeing that the lights inside were all on, he suddenly got out of the car.
He didn't enter the house but took out his phone instead.
Before long, Lewis came out.
He was still dressed casually with a lazy posture. After he came out, he looked at Ellis. "It's your wedding night. Why aren't you at home? What are you doing here?"
Ellis looked at him, "I'm a bit annoyed. Fancy joining me for a couple of drinks?"
Lewis said, "Sorry, I don't drink."
"You can have tea. I'll drink."
Ellis walked up to him. "Just for old time's sake, since we studied abroad together, can you do me this favor?"
Lewis hesitated for a moment.
He coughed, frowned in thought for a brief time, then looked toward the villa again.
Thinking of the cozy scene inside now...
Rebecca hadn't left and was staying over, claiming she wanted to have an all-night talk with Keira, and he had no idea what they would discuss. Wasn't Keira afraid of him being taken away?
The mere thought that Keira might not care about him made him a bit stifled.
He looked at Ellis. "Fine."
He got into Ellis's car.
The two men drove straight to the bar.
The private room Ellis had just booked was still available. Once they were inside, Ellis ordered several drinks and started drinking right away.
"Tell me..."
He downed a glass and then continued. "What's going through Mary's mind? She went to great lengths to marry me, yet I walk out on our wedding night, and she doesn't care?"
Lewis took a sip of the tea, then looked at his phone.
He had been out for an hour, and Keira hadn't even messaged to ask where he was...
Lewis couldn't help but pursed his lips, feeling a bit unhappy. He said bluntly, "They say sweet words of love, but women's hearts are as deep as the ocean. It's too hard to know what's true."
Ellis immediately nodded, reaching out and holding Lewis's hand. "We truly are brothers in adversity!"
Lewis coldly withdrew his hand. "I'm not the same as you."
He calmly stated, "Keira definitely has a place in her heart for me."
Ellis, having had too much to drink, didn't catch the difference between "Keira" and "Keera" and blurted out, "Does she? How would you know? Have you seen inside her heart?"
Lewis chuckled scornfully. "I don't need to see it to know I'm there."
"Impossible!"
Ellis took another drink. "If you don't believe it, let's leave our phones here and see whose woman calls first!"
Having said that, he took out his phone and placed it on the table.
Lewis was speechless.
He twitched the corner of his mouth, not wanting to lower himself to the level of an alcoholic, but inexplicably, he took out his phone and placed it in the corner of the table.
It wasn't that he was competing with Ellis. He just thought it would be more convenient to pick up her call later.
"Yeah, just like that."
Lewis thought this to himself, then coughed and took another sip of water.
"Ding."
Someone's phone pinged, and both immediately looked at their phones, only to see that Ellis's phone lit up.
A wave of displeasure immediately surged up in Lewis's chest.
Ellis grabbed his phone. "It must be Mary. She's sent me a WhatsApp message, telling me to come back!"
After saying that, Ellis glanced at the screen and then furiously slammed the phone down on the table. "Fuck! It's an ad!"
Lewis was speechless. Aall ?west chptrs on n.o./vli/n/(.)cm
He oddly felt a sense of relief!
But then, he immediately felt childish. Why had he agreed to such a silly competition with Ellis?
So what if he won?
He and Keira didn't need this kind of testing!
Proudly telling himself that, Lewis picked up his phone and was about to put it in his pocket when he glanced at the screen.
He discovered there were no new message alerts.
He opened WhatsApp and sent a message to Tom.
Tom immediately replied, "Boss, what's up?"
Lewis coughed.
It was nothing, he was just checking if there was a problem with the phone signal or WhatsApp, preventing messages from coming through.
Since that wasn't the case, he was reassured.
He put the phone into his pocket.
Then he started to feel uneasy all over.
What was Keira doing? What was she discussing with Rebecca late into the night? Would they talk about him?
As Lewis was caught in his random thoughts, his phone vibrated.
He quickly picked it up and saw that Tom had sent another message. "Boss?"
Lewis immediately furrowed his brows and replied, "Don't send random messages if there's nothing important!"
Tom was dumbfounded.
After venting his frustration on Tom, Lewis once again put down his phone, about to pocket it, but then thought better of it and left the phone on the table instead.
Only when he turned back did he realize that Ellis had fallen asleep at some point...
In front of him were over half a dozen empty bottles.
Lewis's gaze fell once more onto the phone next to him, staring for a while before he coughed.
His phone screen had lit up just now, it surely wasn't a message from Mary, was it?
Two hours later. 
Lewis still hadn't received a message from Keira, and he stood up with a dark face and headed out the door.
Ellis asked groggily, "Where are you going?"
Lewis said, "I'm going home!"
Ellis was dumbfounded.
He paid no mind to Lewis and simply turned over and went back to sleep.
He slept straight through to the next day.
As daylight broke, he slowly opened his eyes and instinctively reached for his phone.
Only then did he see several messages on the screen.
All of them were messages from his lawyer.
Ellis immediately called the lawyer back and heard him say, "Mr. Ellis, the test results are out."
###Chapter 359
After the hangover, Ellis’s head still throbbed slightly.
Groggily, he reached for the glass of water beside him, wanting to take a sip, only to find that it was
unexpectedly alcohol.
The moment he placed the glass on the coffee table, he heard the lawyer’s voice and paused slightly. He then slowly set the glass down.
His eyes cast downward, and he asked in a hoarse voice, “What’s the result?”
As he spoke these words, he didn’t notice the anticipation in his own voice.
The lawyer hesitated for a moment, seemingly afraid to answer, and only after a long pause did he respond softly.
“It’s… azoospermia.”
Fear tinged the lawyer’s voice as if he knew some inescapable hardship of his own boss.
“It’s… azoospermia.”
Fear tinged the lawyer’s voice as if he knew some inescapable hardship of his own boss.
Ellis fell silent.
After a while, he replied calmly. “I see.”
He ended the call.
Ellis’s hand drooped powerlessly, and then he gave a self–mocking laugh.
How stupid of him!
Because of what Mary said, he doubted the results of his family doctor’s tests time and time again and played the fool.
At this moment, what could the lawyer be thinking?
He must be thinking that the almighty Mr. Ellis doesn’t even have the most basic ability of a man, right? 
Azoospermia wasn’t a symbol of impotence, but in the eyes of others, they were one and the same!
Ever since he got injured while horseback riding years ago, which affected that area, he had undergone one
Chapter 358
How stupid of him!
Because of what Mary said, he doubted the results of
his family doctor’s tests time and time again and played the fool.
At this moment, what could the lawyer be thinking?
He must be thinking that the almighty Mr. Ellis doesn’t even have the most basic ability of a man, right?
Azoospermia wasn’t a symbol of impotence, but in the eyes of others, they were one and the same!
Ever since he got injured while horseback riding years ago, which affected that area, he had undergone one examination, and the situation was actually very grim
at the time.
He had kept this secret for so many years, known only to him and his family doctor.
And now… well.
Another lawyer was in on it.
Ellis gave a self–mocking laugh, then violently smashed the glass in his hand onto the ground!
The glass shattered immediately.
Ellis seemed to have vented some frustration; his head,
Chapter 358
Ellis gave a self–mocking laugh, then violently smashed the glass in his hand onto the ground!
The glass shattered immediately.
Ellis seemed to have vented some frustration; his head, which felt ready to burst a moment ago, now hurt even
more.
He rubbed his temples, rose from the sofa, loosened his tie, and walked toward the door.
As he reached the doorway, he heard two familiar trust–fund kids in the next room chatting.
“Did you go to the Olsen and Davis families‘ arranged marriage event yesterday?”
“Of course, I went. It’s the Olsen and Davis families! But I really don’t get it, with all the people Ellis could marry, why choose that woman?”
“Are you talking about Mary? She’s so gorgeous and seductive. I’ve heard that pretty much everyone in the circle has had a turn with her. Is that true or what?”
“She’s nothing but a high–class prostitute. If you’re willing to do business with her uncle, she’ll sleep with you. It’s common knowledge in the industry!”
Chapter 358
“She’s nothing but a high–class prostitute. If you’re willing to do business with her uncle, she’ll sleep with you. It’s common knowledge in the industry!”
“The Davis family didn’t need to go this far, did they?”
“Of course not at first. Her uncle from the second branch of the family belongs to an independent branch now. He’s no longer part of the main family, so naturally, their status changed!”
“…Let me tell you something. I’ve slept with Mary…”
“What? Don’t you find that dirty?”
“What’s dirty about it? She’s such a beautiful woman. Aren’t you tempted?”
“Fuck! I was tempted, alright, just never had much
interaction with her.”
“Well, I slept with her. Her skin was so smooth, like that of a pampered young lady who’s been raised with care, with a status like a little princess since
childhood…”
The words had barely left his mouth when the door was violently pushed open.
Their chatting was abruptly cut off, and they both
Aren’t you tempted?”
“Fuck! I was tempted, alright, just never had much
interaction with her.”
“Well, I slept with her. Her skin was so smooth, like that of a pampered young lady who’s been raised with care, with a status like a little princess since
childhood…”
The words had barely left his mouth when the door was violently pushed open.
Their chatting
Was ab
cut off, and they both
turned toward the door in unison. “What the…”
Before he could finish, a fist had already smashed into
his face!
“Bang!”
After throwing the punch, Ellis realized that the man. speaking was Austin, the fifth–ranked man of his generation from the Gill family.
The Gill family’s status was comparable to the Olsen family.
But among the rich second generation, hierarchy mattered, and Ellis was the next in line to take over
speaking was Austin, the fifth–ranked man of his generation from the Gill family.
The Gill family’s status was comparable to the Olsen family. Explore new ovels on nvelbi(.)com
But among the rich second generation, hierarchy mattered, and Ellis was the next in line to take over the Olsen family, while Austin was just a playboy, hence his status wasn’t as high as Ellis’s.
Normally, Austin would bow and scrape in front of Ellis, but being hit today, he felt humiliated in front of
his friends!
He immediately roared, “Ellis, what are you doing?”
Ellis glared at him fiercely, “You’re spreading lewd rumors about my wife behind my back, what do you think I should do?”
He rubbed his fists and loosened the muscles in his
shoulders.
Austin’s friends, hearing this, immediately tried to smooth things over with a grin. “Mr. Ellis, Austin was just mouthing off. Don’t take it to heart. Of course, we know Miss Davis is pure and chaste. How could there possibly be any lewd rumors.”
Possibly be any new rumors.
Austin, however, wasn’t pleased with this response and shouted angrily, “How can there not be? I slept with her! Ellis, what are you showing off for? Aren’t you just the chosen heir of your family? You’re not in charge yet; you’re just like any other junior in the family!”
Austin’s friends didn’t dare to offend Ellis and quickly said, “Austin, stop talking nonsense. Hurry up and apologize to Mr. Ellis!”
Austin wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, stood up, and sneered at Ellis. “What should I apologize for? What, are we not even allowed to speak now? I’ll lay it out here today; I’ve slept with Mary! So what? She’s just a daughter from a sideline of the Davis family; I slept with her, and she’s still out of my league?”
Ellis’s face turned even more grave, his fists clenched- tighter.
Seeing this, Austin scoffed, “You should have done your research before getting married. Besides, that was before the wedding. Haven’t you slept with her too? Where did your kid come from, if not?”
Ellis’s expression froze.
research before getting married. Besides, that was
before the wedding. Haven’t you slept with her too? Where did your kid come from, if not?”
Ellis’s expression froze.
Austin caught something in that reaction and realized something. “No way. Mr. Ellis, you couldn’t possibly haven’t slept with her yet? Are you about to be an unwitting dad? You can tolerate being cuckolded like this? But if you haven’t slept with her and she’s pregnant, doesn’t that prove what I said?”
Ellis glared at him furiously. “Shut up! The child in her belly… is mine!”
“Yours?”
Austin sneered, “How can you be so sure? The child must be over a month old by now, right? Check the timing. I slept with her over a month ago too, so the kid might actually be a Gill! Mr. Ellis, you better get a DNA test, lest the Olsen family bloodline gets muddied with an unclear bastard!”
“Bang!”
Ellis’s fist swung again, and then he was on top of Austin, punching and kicking wildly.
Mufarthereal vastaru
“Bang!”
Ellis’s fist swung again, and then he was on top of Austin, punching and kicking wildly.
“He’s going to kill me! Help! Call the police!!”
Austin shouted desperately.
Austin’s friend immediately picked up the phone to dial, but the chill in Ellis’s gaze made his hand tremble, and he didn’t dare to move a muscle.
If he really called the police, he feared Ellis wouldn’t let
him off.
He gulped nervously and shrank back into the corner.
Ellis’s punches showed no mercy as they rained down on Austin’s face. “Are you going to tell the truth now?!”
Austin, bloodied and in pain, began to scream. “Stop hitting me, I’ll tell the truth!”
###Chapter 360
360 Chapter 359
Ellis's fists were bleeding. 
He stopped his movements and saw that Austin's face was swollen, his nose and mouth bleeding. 
Ellis glared at him. "Speak! You never touched Mary! How could someone like you ever catch her eye!" 
Austin clenched his fists tightly. 
He really hadn't caught her eye... 
Half a year ago, Mary's uncle wanted to cooperate with the Gill family, and Austin took the opportunity to ask for Mary. 
Mary was beautiful. 
Even if her reputation wasn't good in the circle, many still desired to sleep with her. 
Every so often, rumors would spread that someone had slept with her, leading everyone to treat her as a promiscuous woman. 
Austin wanted her, knowing fully well she was akin to a high-end prostitute! 
Mary's uncle immediately arranged it upon hearing the request, but unfortunately, after seeing Mary in the hotel, he was beaten up by her. 
Then she cursed him and ran away. 
He hadn't succeeded with her, but he'd already bragged about it, so when his good friends asked if he had slept with Mary and how it felt, Austin could only insist that it was great! 
This also meant he had no room to retract his claims in their circle. 
For a rich heir with little to his name, accustomed to flattery from others, how could he possibly admit he hadn't slept with her in front of his friends? 
So, he gritted his teeth and continued. "Mr. Ellis, I don't want to lie to you. I really did sleep with her! But I'm definitely not the father of her child... I slept with her half a year ago, and just over a month ago, I saw her leaving a hotel with another man..." 
Austin was beaten to a pulp like this and still wouldn't change his story. 
Ellis, along with the DNA report, now fully believed him... 
After all, he was infertile, and Mary had told him it wasn't her first time the night they were together... and now she was pregnant. 
Ellis slowly retracted his fists and suddenly chuckled quietly. 
How ridiculous! 
It was she who had deceived him and married him, yet he was the one defending her! 
With a cold laugh, Ellis stood up, staggering as he walked outside. 
He rushed into the bathroom, washed his face with cold water, took a deep breath, and leaned against the wall. 
At this moment, he suddenly felt a strong urge to express his frustrations. 
He took out his phone and searched through his contacts until he saw the message from the call to Lewis the previous night. 
After a moment's thought, he dialed the number. 
The call quickly went through, and Lewis's voice was cold. "What do you want?" 
Ellis sneered. "Are you angry?" 
"…" 
There was silence on the other end. 
Ellis then suddenly thought of something. "Don't tell me, you didn't go home last night? What? Didn't Keera call you?" 
Lewis's voice turned colder. "I went home. Why would I need a call?" 
Ellis took a deep breath, "Exactly, you went home, so why are you so angry?" 
It was obvious! 
Even though Lewis had returned home and saw Keira, she, along with Amy and Rebecca, had already fallen asleep in the guest bedroom. 
She might not even have realized he was gone for two hours! 
That was too much! 
Lewis decided that he had to teach Keira a lesson! 
As for what kind of a lesson? 
Well, he wouldn't pay her any attention before breakfast! 
Lewis felt wronged, but he only said, "You can't even handle your own life, so stop worrying about me!" 
Leaving those words behind, Lewis hung up. 
Then, he headed to the dining room. 
Usually, it was Keira who got up to prepare breakfast for him and Amy. 
Today, they hadn't woken up yet, which was definitely because they stayed up late the previous night, so he decided to make breakfast for them. 
Lewis busied himself in the kitchen. 
By the time breakfast was ready, he heard the sound of a door opening and footsteps descending the stairs from the master bedroom upstairs. 
Lewis's face was still dark with anger, but when Keira appeared before him, she was stunned by the sight of three portions of breakfast on the table. "Why did you get up so early to make breakfast?" 
Still annoyed with her, Lewis grumbled and said, "Eat it before it gets cold." 
It was breakfast time, and he wasn't angry anymore! 
"Sure!" 
Keira sat down and asked curiously, "Have you eaten yet?" 
Rebecca, who had come downstairs with Amy, approached the table and placed Amy in front of the breakfast that was clearly intended for a child. 
Then she walked to another set meal. 
Just as Rebecca sat down, Lewis coldly pulled the breakfast away from her. "Sorry, this one's mine." 
Rebecca was dumbfounded. 
She stared at Lewis in bewilderment and, sensing the chill emanating from him, looked at Keira with a wronged expression. 
Upon seeing this, Keira couldn't help but feel torn between laughter and tears. 
She raised an eyebrow but didn't move, only glancing toward the kitchen. "If you want to eat, make it yourself! The bread slices are ready." 
Since Rebecca once announced boldly that she fancied Lewis, she had to face the consequences herself. 
Hearing this, Rebecca obediently stood up. "Okay." 
Then she entered the kitchen, looking pitiful. 
Keira pretended not to see it. She merely cast a casual glance and indeed, she saw that Lewis now had a sly smile at the corner of his mouth. 
Keira wanted to sigh. 
Suddenly, a phrase came to her mind. "A man is ever a boy until the end." 
Lewis was really being childish today! 
She shook her head helplessly but passed the fried egg from her bowl to him. "You can have mine." 
Lewis nodded joyfully. 
Keira also silently breathed a sigh of relief. 
She liked soft-boiled eggs, and the fried eggs today were obviously overcooked, which wasn't tasty... No, she was definitely just concerned about Lewis. 
... 
Olsen family. 
After Ellis got hung up on, he had nowhere to go. 
The office knew he was getting married and considerately gave him a week off, leaving him nowhere to turn. 
In the end, he could only go home reluctantly. 
When his car stopped in front of the Olsen residence, Ellis was listless, but then his eyes lit up upon seeing a familiar car. 
Wasn't that Uncle Olsen's car? 
He immediately strode through the door and saw Uncle Olsen who, despite having weathered hardships, looked exhausted but had no other expression on his face and no signs of injury. 
He immediately let out a breath of relief. 
Uncle Olsen also heard his return and put down his phone to look in his direction. Though puzzled as to why his nephew was returning from outside on his wedding night, he still asked the question he cared about most. "Who exactly is Keera's father? Your father or your second uncle?" 
Ellis was speechless.
###Chapter 361
Ellis’s expression changed, and he looked the man up
and down.
Uncle Olsen realized something when he saw the silence and knitted his brows, clearing his throat before he spoke.
“Is she your dad’s daughter? Ellis, our family is full of ardent lovers; your dad would never make such a
mistake. I’m sure there must be some
misunderstanding we don’t know about. Look, why don’t you be magnanimous and forgive him? After all, she’s the legitimate daughter of the Olsen family. You should know that none of the third branch has had
their own daughters…”
Uncle Olsen was quite talkative today.
It seemed he wanted to persuade Ellis to acknowledge this sister.
Ellis just twitched the corner of his mouth, then turned to him. “Uncle, is there a possibility that she could be your daughter?”
“Impossible!”
Uncle Olsen was decisive. “Don’t I know what I’ve done in my life?”
Ellis twitched the corner of his mouth again. “But she is indeed your daughter.”
Uncle Olsen said, “I’ve said it’s impossible. I’ve had no
other woman but Miss South.”
Ellis quietly watched him without saying a word.
Seeing this, Uncle Olsen immediately realized what he had said and coughed. “Nothing happened… It’s not what you think!”
He met Jodie South when they were young, and their relationship was grounded in emotion but stayed within the bounds of propriety.
He never crossed the line.
And other women… they simply couldn’t get close to
him.
He was very certain of this, so initially in Oceanion, when he found out Keira wasn’t Taylor’s daughter, he didn’t suspect himself at first, even confidently telling
Ellis that it was impossible.
29
Ellis saw his certainty and twitched the corner of his mouth, then spread his hands. “The DNA test results show that Keera is indeed your daughter.”
These words stunned Uncle Olsen, who frowned and asked, “What?”
“It’s true.” Ellis knew the following words might be hard for Uncle Olsen to accept. He hesitated for a moment before saying, “There’s something else…”
Uncle Olsen had already furrowed his brows. “Speak.”
“Keera and Keira are twin sisters.”
This statement made Uncle Olsen stiffen sharply!
He became increasingly incredulous, looking at Ellis and saying, “You mean Keira is also my daughter?
That’s impossible!”
He spoke with certainty.
Ellis took out his phone, pulled up the previous DNA test results, and handed it to Uncle Olsen.
Ellis had tested it twice.
He also made comparisons with his father and second
uncle.
It was certain. They were Uncle Olsen’s daughters.
Uncle Olsen stared at the phone, his eyes widening.
“How can this be?”
Ellis was silent for a moment, then shook his head. “That’s the result, the specifics of how it happened… I might have only been five years old at that time, so I’m
not sure.”
Uncle Olsen was speechless.
He tensed his jaw as he stared at the phone, and memories of his time with Jodie suddenly flashed through his mind…
In those days, the younger Sam was a carefree man.
He was even more reckless than Ellis was now,
considered a ruler of Clance.
Yet he had his sights set on Jodie, a woman of special
caliber.
Everything about her, from the way she spoke and acted, carried the genteel air of an educated lady. Her speech was gentle, and she conversed leisurely. Whenever he was with her, his restless heart would
settle into calmness.
So, they spent time together
In his 22nd year, they made a promise to visit the seaside together and ended up staying in the same
room…
That night, his heart was pounding wildly.
He could see Jodie’s face flush red; she hung her head down as if she too was somewhat at a loss, and being in the throes of passionate love, they couldn’t help but
draw close and kiss…
They almost went all the way.
But at the last moment, he put on the brakes and told Jodie that he would marry her.
Jodie then wrapped her arms around his neck, her hand reaching into his trousers…
She was like a tender older sister, guiding him…
If Keira and Keera were twin sisters, both daughters o Jodie and him, then the only possibility was that on that day, Jodie took his sperm!
Uncle Olsen clenched his jaw, his eyes brooding.
Afterward, that incident happened, and he broke up
10.20
<
with Jodie…
However, while they were together, Jodie indeed mentioned wanting to have children with him…
So, after they broke up, did she use his sperm to get pregnant?
Why did she store his semen…
What on earth happened back then?!
Uncle Olsen suddenly felt an even more urgent need
to find Jodie.
But she was nowhere to be found…
He felt as though he had almost scoured the entire Earth without any trace of her; after being taken away. by a helicopter from the Olsen family, she seemed to have evaporated from this world…
And Keira…
The very Keira who he once helped Isla to supp the Keira he had never met… was also his daugh
Uncle Olsen’s eyes suddenly turned bloodshot, and abruptly turned to Ellis. “Where does Keera live?”
Originally, he only saw Keera as a friend; he felt her
husband was unreliable, but since it was beyond the boundaries of friendship, he didn’t warn her.
But if Keera was his daughter…
Her bastard husband… cannot be let off easily!
Uncle Olsen immediately frowned. “Check her husband’s situation for me, see if he’s been bullying her! My daughter, how can she be made a fool of by
someone?!”
Upon hearing this, Ellis coughed and said. “… Well, that might not be necessary.”
“Not necessary for what?!” Uncle Olsen, full of anxiety, stood up to grab his coat. “Her husband is too
opportunistic, and he’s been up to no good with her. I thought it wasn’t right to warn her before, as it might seem like trying to break up their marriage, but now that I know the truth, they must get a divorce! Such a man cannot be her husband!”
He donned his coat, frowning as he turned to Ellis. “Did you say it wasn’t necessary because you thought she was so hopeless in love that she should stay with her husband? Ellis, she’s my daughter! As her father, I should tell her what’s right and what’s wrong, instead
10 76
of letting her be bullied by others!”
The corners of Ellis’s mouth twitched again. “No, it’s not that, Uncle. What I mean is… she’s already
divorced.”
Uncle Olsen stopped buttoning his coat and looked up at him. “What?”
“Keera woke up to reality, pulled a clever move, and left her husband without letting him take anything.”
Uncle Olsen was speechless.
He looked down and continued to button his coat. He
then proceeded to head outside.
Seeing this, Ellis was taken aback. “Where are you going?”
“To acknowledge my daughter!”
Ellis couldn’t help but ask again. “And then?”
“Of course, to bring home the Olsen family’s princess!
###Chapter 362
At this moment, in the South residence. 
Keira was playing the fair parent. 
“Mommy, read me the picture book!” Amy called out to 
her. 
“Miss Keira, I feel a bit dizzy, can you keep me company?” Rebecca was also calling for her. 
Lewis wasn’t calling her. He just looked at her with resentful eyes. 
Keira asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Lewis then hung his head. “Yesterday at the wedding, I saw her from the Davis family.” 
This “her” definitely referred to Lewis’s mother, Shirley. 
Mary got married, so she would definitely be th 
Keira immediately felt a pang of heartache. “Why you say anything yesterday?” 
“I’m fine, Keira. You don’t need to keep me company 
Stay with them. Let me be alone for a while and have 
19 
smoke.” 
Lewis sighed quietly and stood up, looking like he was going to the balcony to smoke. 
Keira was speechless. 
Amy and Rebecca were still calling her, and as Keira hesitated, Lewis looked at her. “Keira, you wouldn’t despise me for smoking, right? I just feel a bit suffocated. I’m fine. You don’t need to worry about 
me.” 
“Moreover, I was with Ellis last night. It’s a pity I’m allergic to alcohol. Otherwise, I really wanted to try getting drunk.” 
Lewis lowered his eyes. “Last night, while he was drinking, he was constantly looking at his phone, thinking probably Mary would call him, asking hin come home. I was really envious. Ever since I was young, other than Grandma, no one else has called n 
to come home…” 
Keira suddenly felt a bit guilty. Lewis went out last 
2 
night? She didn’t even know!
Just as Keira was undecided about how to choose among the three people, the doorbell saved her. 
Keira jumped to the task. “There’s someone at the door. I’ll go have a look.” 
She slipped out and opened the door, only to see Mary standing outside. 
The bride from the day before was quietly looking at her, a bitter smile on her face. “I’m a little tired. I want to lean on you.” 
Keira, who was still expected to attend to three other people, was speechless. 
She immediately stepped aside to let Mary in. 
Thus, four people needed her now. 
Keira really wished for a superpower to split h into four to accompany each of them equally… Unfortunately, that wasn’t possible. 
She ultimately chose Mary. 
Rebecca and Amy were clearly being fussy… 
Louric’s mottar could he noctponed for a while 
Mary coming to her on the second day of her wedding wasn’t a good sign. 
She asked, “What’s wrong?”
Mary lowered her gaze and finally said, “Ellis and I have agreed that we’ll divorce once the child is born.” 
Keira was stunned, “Why?” 
Mary didn’t answer. 
Keira suddenly thought of what Lewis had just said, about him drinking with Ellis last night, and instantly understood, “He wasn’t at home on your wedding night? He still doesn’t believe that the child is his?!” 
Mary forced a bitter laugh. 
Keira immediately stood up. “Mary, there’s no need to wait for the child to be born. Divorce him now! We can’t tolerate this indignity!” 
Mary, however, shook her head. 
She didn’t say it was for Keira’s sake but instead “My parents raised me. I’ll stay with Ellis for ten months to give them a moment of pride. That’s how repay their kindness. Besides, without a father, it wouldn’t look good on the birth certificate…” 
1020 
< 
Looking at Keira, she said, “So, I can only hold on for 
ten months.”
Keira frowned, “But he…” 
“He won’t lay a hand on me anyway. Mr. and Mrs. Olsen are good to me. We get along peacefully for the 
moment.” 
Keira still felt it unreliable and wanted to say more, but Mary spoke again. “I know what you’re worried about, but I have thought it through.” 
“…All right, I respect your decision.” 
As a friend, no matter what decision the other party made, one should choose to respect it. 
Keira always adhered to this principle, only deep down she knew, she only had ten months left. 
If during these ten months, she couldn’t complete task from that mysterious person, then she would no chance to save her mother. 
But how could she collaborate with the Gill and 
Freeman families? 
She was pondering these problems when she saw Mary sigh so she immediately went over and hugged 
her. “It’s okay, everything will pass.” 
“I’m fine.” 
Mary suddenly said, “As children, we joked with each other, hoping the other would marry our respective brothers so we could live together. Who would have thought that just after you got divorced, I would get married…” 
Keira immediately said, “Why does that matter? Since Ellis doesn’t believe you, then move into my place!” 
Mary nodded. “Okay.” 
She really had nowhere to go. 
If she dared to return to the Davis residence, her parents, Uncle Wayne, and even Uncle Ken from the first branch, would persuade her to go back. 
Staying with the Olsen family… 
Mary suddenly lowered her eyes, thinking of the she had dealt with Victoria that morning, and just very tired. 
She couldn’t help but complain, “You have no idea ho fussy Victoria is. Just because she doesn’t like eating onions, there were no onions in the breakfast dishes…” 
“The Olsen family never had a daughter, and that’s why they spoil her so much!”
Mary said indignantly, “It’s so strange. The three branches have seven sons and not a single daughter! They spoil the adopted daughter so much. If there was a biological one in the third branch, wouldn’t she be spoiled to the heavens?” 
Upon hearing this, Keira raised her eyebrows. 
As she was conflicted about whether to reveal that she was the daughter of Uncle Olsen, the doorbell rang 
again. 
Who could it be this time? 
As she considered this, the nanny went to open the door and quickly came back. “Ma’am, someone from the Olsen family is here!” 
$ 
10-20 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
:
###Chapter 363
Had someone from the Olsen family come? 
These words made Keira look toward Mary, thinking that it might be Ellis coming to pick her up and take 
her home. 
Even Mary was stunned for a moment, then turned to 
look outside the door. 
A flicker of anticipation involuntarily appeared in Mary’s eyes-if it really was him… 
But then she let out a bitter laugh. How could it be 
him? 
With that thought, she saw several figures enter the room, with two women at the forefront, their faces 
livid. Was that Christina and Victoria?! 
The moment they entered, Amy immediately clung to Keira’s leg in terror, tears welling up in her eyes. She was clearly still traumatized by the previous incident a 
school. 
Seeing their malicious intent, Keira quickly picked up Amy and placed her in Lewis’s arms. “Take her 
|||
upstairs.” 
Lewis glanced at the two women, then looked at her with a questioning gaze. “Are you sure you can handle this?” 
“No problem.” 
Keira scoffed. “Before, I was under Isla’s thumb because of Grandma. She’s not here, and I’m not as fragile as you think.” 
She rotated her wrist and clenched her fist. 
Seeing her readiness, Lewis raised an eyebrow and then swiftly carried Amy upstairs. 
Mary, standing aside, couldn’t understand what they were saying, but Rebecca did, and her admiration for Keira grew stronger. 
Keira was brilliant in every aspect! 
But she still stepped forward, blocking the side of Keira, and faced the two from the Olsen family. “What are you doing here?” 
Christina immediately sneered. “Rebecca, I would advise you not to meddle in other people’s business, lest when the fight starts, you accidentally get hurt 
|||
again!” 
Rebecca shot back. “You wouldn’t dare!” 
“Why wouldn’t we dare?” Christina sneered again. “Do you really think you’re some Allen family’s little princess? Among the five major families of Clance, the Allen family is second from the bottom. How do you even match us in terms of family background?” 
Rebecca was instantly taken aback. 
Christina then curled her lip dismissively. “Everyone has been flattering you, and you’ve started to believe you’re so important. Doesn’t everyone know you were tricked into marriage and nearly died in Oceanion, unable to return? You’re a wilting flower and a lovesick fool. Have you been bewitched by Keera again?” 
Rebecca felt nothing but rage. 
Keira laughed mockingly. “What, you two w 
married in your lifetimes?” 
Christina scoffed. “Of course, we won’t becom infatuated like her. Now the whole of Clance ki about the stupid thing she did; how could there possibly be anyone willing to marry her again!” 
er get
Victoria then opened her mouth. “Sister, don’t say that. The other day, she announced publicly that she 
wanted to marry Mr. Horton!” 
Christina immediately laughed mockingly. “Her? How? Just because it’s a second marriage, she thinks she’s eligible? Can men be compared to women? You were deceived, but Mr. Horton is a widower- that’s 
different! Moreover, the Olsen family and the Horton family had a marriage arrangement long ago. It didn’t work out between Mr. Horton and Victoria before, but 
now hasn’t the fate arrived?” 
After that, she looked at Victoria. “I heard Mr. Horton is in Clance. One of these days, I’ll have our older brother arrange a meeting for you. You still ought to see each other and foster some feelings. Unlike certain people, you’ve never been married, and now in the whole of Clance, you’re the only one who’s a h for 
Mr. Horton…” 
Rebecca was shaking with anger. 
Seeing how every sentence from these two was to wound Rebecca, Keira immediately said, “Wha exactly are you here for, and who are you looking 
She patted Rebecca’s hand in a calming gesture. 
Rebecca soon calmed down, and she returned a warm
smile to Keira. 
Keira’s fingers were slender yet well-defined, and when they held hers, she felt a powerful sense of strength and security. 
She had been married, but she wasn’t the one at fault. 
Her ex-husband was! 
She couldn’t let this matter confine her to the past. 
Similar rumors would abound in the future, and if she took every one to heart, wouldn’t she be infuriated all 
the time? 
She must learn to let go a little in the future! 
‘t 
As Rebecca thought of this, she finally forgave herself. 
When Victoria and Christina saw that Rebecca say anything, they once again turned their atte Keira in unison. “Why are we here? You’ll know moment!” 
Almost as soon as these words were spoken, foots could be heard from outside. * 
Keira looked at the nanny with confusion. 
The nanny immediately explained, “They came with bodyguards, and as soon as I opened the door, they came in before I had the chance to close it.” 
Keira was speechless. 
Alright, today her home really seemed like a place anyone could enter. 
She looked toward the doorway and saw Mrs. Jones, who had helped her at the school gate last time, leading the three-year-old George. 
George had red rims around his eyes, clearly having ujust cried, and was still sniffling as he entered. 
MMrs. Jones herself had a face full of worry and anxiety. EvEven before she stepped in, her voice came through. M’Miss South, I inquired about your address a he scschool and took the liberty of coming over. 
you 
wowwon’t blame me. I’m here because…” 
Idder voice trailed off, however, when she saw 
nith the living room and was stunned. 
Mr?oJones looked at Victoria and Christina in- bewikilderment and then turned her gaze back to K 
10.2L E 
|||
r 
Seeing this, Keira immediately stepped forward and asked, “What happened?” 
Mrs. Jones frowned, glanced at Christina and Victoria again, and then said, “The kindergarten has expelled George and Amy!” 
At these words, Keira was momentarily stunned. “What did you say?” 
Recently, she had taken a long leave for Amy. 
It allowed her to retain the spot in this elite kindergarten while letting Amy rest well at home, ensuring she felt plenty of love and security. 
The little girl had suffered too much before and was now always timid and fearful. Growing up like this would leave scars in her mind. 
But how had she been expelled? 
This school was one of the top institutions in Cl and to get back in would be extremely difficult… 
Mrs. Jones also glared at Christina and Victoria wi tearful eyes. “It’s because the school board has just undergone changes.” 
Keira immediately sensed that Christina and Victoria 
< 
had a hand in it and asked, “What changes?” 
Mrs. Jones sighed. “The Olsen family has become the 
new school board member.” 
Previously, the Olsen family only had shares in the kindergarten, but now they had become school board members, which made an immediate shift in their 
status within the school. 
Victoria and Christina exchanged a glance, and Christina, with her arms crossed, stepped forward. “Indeed, the position of this board chairman will be handled by me. Keera, your daughter and George are both unmanageable during class. We have held a meeting and discussed this matter, and they’ll be expelled from the school!!” 
R 
(11) 
2 
###Chapter 364
Keira heard these words and immediately furrowed her brows. “Why should you?!” 
Christina sneered, “Don’t you know? The position of school board member for kindergartens is generally held by women. Since the Olsen family became a 
school trustee, they must send a representative. Now I am the only qualified woman in the Olsen family, so of 
course, it’s me!” 
Keira found this laughable. 
Mrs. Jones, who was standing nearby, said, “Even so, you can’t just expel children at will! Doing this, you’ve caused great psychological harm to the child!” 
Mrs. Jones thought back to when she had suddenly received a call from the school and was flustered, immediately rushing there. 
She found her son, who was usually well-behaved a always smiling, crying with swollen eyes. 
Her son was standing at the classroom door, being punished, with his little stool and backpack, and when 
. 
||| 
r 
< 
she approached, he immediately burst into tears. 
The teacher nearby not only offered no comfort but instead scolded, “This is a school, what are you crying for? Don’t disrupt the other children’s classes!” 
Mrs. Jones almost lost her mind and charged forward, fiercely pushing the teacher away and then taking her son into her arms. 
She gently patted her son’s back, soothing him, and then stared at the teacher in anger. “What are you doing?” 
Seeing Amy being bullied, she had felt as if it were happening to her own child. 
Now that it was her own son suffering, she felt almost driven to madness. 
Yet the teacher was still there, clamoring. “What am doing? Your son misbehaved at school, urinating at will, and throwing worms into someone else’s backpack. After a meeting and discussion, he has bee expelled!” 
Having said that, the teacher pointed to a blackboard nearby, which displayed a public criticism notice! 
J
Mrs. Jones glanced at it and saw that not only her son but also Amy was on the list. 
George immediately said, “Mom, I didn’t do it. The poop was something the teacher dropped on the ground; she was framing me! I didn’t throw worms into my classmate’s backpack either. It was my classmate who brought them to play with, and all the classmates admitted it. But the teacher insists it was me. 
George never lied. 
Therefore, Mrs. Jones immediately believed him and turned to the teacher. “I demand that you apologize to 
my son today!” 
Yet, the teacher retorted. “I have nothing to apologize for. This was the board’s decision, and it has nothing to 
do with me!” 
Mrs. Jones immediately understood; it was be of 
the incident of supporting Amy as a witness 
that she and her son were now on the Olsen 
blacklist! 
She was helpless, as her family’s influence could possibly match that of the Olsen family.
Even though she had just completed a project with the Horton Group, it was merely a small opening for Horton Group’s entry into Clance, and it was no match compared to the power of the top five elite families… 
Mrs. Jones suddenly thought of the last time when Keera casually suggested that her husband would sign a contract with the Horton Group, and then it actually happened. 
That was why she didn’t even think about it and immediately rushed over here… 
But now, Mrs. Jones gradually calmed down. 
She felt she had been grasping at straws out of desperation. 
Keera was just a young girl, and after the Horton Group incident, her husband had made some inquiri 
about her. 
Reportedly, she had been brainwashed by a boyfrien in college and lived the life of a devoted wife and mother after marriage. She had only recently divorced completed a project, and gotten involved with the Olsen family and the Davis family. 
It must have not her on many favors to not a 
A/B
< 
connection with the Horton Group, so what good 
would come to her now? 
It would only bring Keera down with her own sorrow. 
Mrs. Jones was pondering this when she heard Christina speak. “It’s not without reason, is it? We’ve provided a reason, and we even caught it all on surveillance!” 
Mrs. Jones snapped. “Yes, it’s on tape, but it’s been maliciously edited! My son simply walked past some feces, and you claim he did it. He just glanced at a classmate’s insects, and you insist he brought them into school… This is simply unreasonable!” 
Christina sneered. “Unreasonable? Didn’t I reason with you last time at school? Did you listen? Later we found out it’s because your family signed a contract with the Horton family. Do you think your family is am now? My sister is going to marry into the Hor family, and yet you are oblivious to your own stupidity!” 
These words made Mrs. Jones’s face change. 
Keira chuckled. “Why are you insulting yourself he 
Christina was taken aback. “What?” 
“Oblivious to your own stupidity.” Keira spread her hands. “If you’re so good at self-reflection, I won’t scold you. After all, I only scold bitches.” 
Christina was so angry that her chest heaved. “You 
little slut!” 
Then she looked at the surrounding bodyguards. “You guys, go hold her down for me. I’m going to teach her a lesson today and show her what I’m capable of!” 
Keira raised an eyebrow, showing no intention of fighting back, and instead pointed to the nearby camera. “This is my home, not a school where you can manipulate the surveillance. Believe it or not, if you dare to lay a hand on me, I’ll have you arrested!” 
After saying that, she looked at Christina. “Guess whether your masters will protect you then?” 
If it really came to a police issue, wouldn’t the ones needing to provide explanations, taking t 
The bodyguards hesitated at once. 
Seeing this, Victoria said, “Keera, there’s really no to make this ugly. The reason we’re targeting you that you went too far before” 
he 
10.27 
Christina immediately scoffed. “Right, you slapped me, and I let it go. But how dare you hit my sister? She’s not only the second daughter of the Olsen family but also the future Mrs. Horton. You’re really asking for it!” 
Mrs. Horton? 
Keira found it laughable and retorted. “Where did this Mrs. Horton come from? Did Mr. Horton agree? You’re calling yourself Mrs. Horton. Where do you get this sense of superiority from?” 
Victoria was choked by the retort. “You…” 
Then she turned to look at Christina. 
Christina then said, “Mrs. Jones, Keera, I came here today to tell you that if Keera can apologize to me sincerely, I might be able to forgive you…” 
Mrs. Jones’s eyes lit up immediately when she hea this but then dimmed again shortly… 
Before Mrs. Olsen could speak, Keira asked, “How should I apologize?” 
“Of course, by kneeling and begging me!” 
Christina glared at her viciously. “The daughters of the Olsen family have both been hit by vou: you must give 
||| 
< 
.
us an explanation today!!” 
Keira laughed at the remark. “The only two adopted daughters? Do you have any idea who I am?!” 
R 
Leave the first comment for this chapter 
11 
000 
> 
###Chapter 365
“Who are you?” 
Christina sneered, “You’re Keera, aren’t you? Before coming here, we had already thoroughly investigated your background.” 
Keira was about to speak when Mary suddenly charged in front of her, blocking her way. “Christina, Victoria, that’s enough! Believe it or not, if I tell Ellis about today’s events, and he won’t let you off!” 
Christina was startled, hesitating for a moment. She 
hesitated. 
Christina lowered her gaze and said indifferently, “Yesterday, Ellis seemed to have gone out. Why weren’t you together on your wedding night?” 
That remark seemed to remind Christina. 
She immediately acted like she had caught on something. “Chris, are you serious?” 
She seldom called Christina by her full name bed Christina hated it. It was as if she was taken into t Olsen family just by a random chance. 
Christina nodded. “I saw it with my own eyes. After Ellis left last night, he never came back. Mary, what’s going on with you and Ellis? It couldn’t be that you’re having a spat, right? You’ve just gotten married; it should be your honeymoon period…”
Christina said, “It’s definitely because Ellis doesn’t love her, what else could it be? I always thought there was something wrong with their marriage. There are so many young ladies in Clance, why would Ellis end up with her of all people? She must have done something shameful to seduce him! Now she’s having a child, hoping to rise above her station overnight. Mary, I advise you to recognize your place. Do you really think that by marrying Ellis, you can become our 
sister-in-law? Let me tell you, it’s impossible! No one will accept you!” 
Christina said, “Victoria, you can’t just say that does have a status after all. We should still let 
some dignity.” 
Christina scoffed. “Fine, she can apologize. As lo the apology is sincere enough, we can let her off 
hook!” 
Christina raised an eyebrow. 
ve 
Mary asked naively, “Okay, I’ll apologize on behalf of Keera. Whatever has happened, whoever is right or wrong, we’re sorry. Can we live harmoniously from 
now on?” 
Christina immediately laughed. “Mary, you can’t be that naive. Is an apology over and done with just by saying it?”
Mary immediately furrowed her brows. “Then what do you want? Or should I say, how much money do you want?” 
Christina and Victoria exchanged glances before Christina spoke up. “We don’t need money.” 
Mary blurted out without thinking. “Then what do you want? A house? Jewelry? Or something else?” 
Christina didn’t say a word, only looked at Keira with a smile. 
Christina then crossed her arms. “We won’t n difficult for our sister-in-law. Given your spec and current pregnancy, let’s have Keera kneel t and apologize, and that’ll be fine.” 
“Kneel?” 
10.97 
r 
384 
Mary’s voice turnedesh sharp in an instant. “Impossible!” 
She looked at Christstinasas if she had understood 
something and saidi dyorotere oot here to negotiate at all. You’re just here totonakake things difficult for Keera!” 
‘Finally figured it out? Cluististina adimitted. “Mary, as long as you stay out ofat tocaday we won’t make things difficult for you in the Olsen faraihily in the future. Otherwise, you should know gigiveth the regard the Olsen family has for the two ofafsusoyou won’t have good days ahead!”!”
After saying that, she looked at Keiraragagaink Kneel, and I’ll forgive you. enough, but I want youtotorionéeblonger for my sister because you hit her!” !” 
Mary was so angry her face turned ashen,arahshshe said furiously, “I told you, it’s impossible! Christianaoyou two better leave immediately, or else I will…”…” 
Her words trailed off for a moment. t. 
Or else what?” Christina scoffed. “Call the police You’re now a member of the Olsen family as well. should understand that even the police can’t touch 
Christina added. “Maybe she’s planning to call Ellis?” 
10.27 
“Ellis? Will he answer her call? She ran away on her wedding night. Does she think she can command Ellis? Besides, if he were here, it’s not a given he would take 
her side!” 
Mary was so angry she couldn’t speak and simply shouted, “You…” 
“What about us?” 
Christina took a step forward, her chin slightly raised as she looked down at the others. “Are you going to kneel? Beg for mercy! Don’t force us to get physical!”
Keira, with her arms crossed, stood her ground and spoke only to Mary and Rebecca. “You two, go upstairs.” 
Mary didn’t understand what was happening, but Rebecca immediately nodded, grabbing Mary and pulling her back. 
Mary became angry. “What are you doing? Ke get hurt!” 
“She won’t…” 
Rebecca comforted her, “You must trust the benefactor’s ability…” 
2657 
t 
< 
“What ability?” Mary panicked. “I’ve grown up with her since we were kids. She really might get hurt!” 
“Don’t worry, she won’t!” 
Rebecca continued pulling at Mary. “Don’t go over there and be an obstruction!” 
Mary was very worried. Just as she was about to move forward again, she saw Keira twist her fists slightly, take a step forward, and look at Christina, saying, “Quit the nonsense. Are you planning to come at me o together, or one by one?” 
Christina was dumbfounded.
ViVictoria also frowned. 
ViVictoria clenched her jaw. “Leaving aside that you’re gogoing to face so many of us alone, do you really think 
veven if you could beat them, you would dare take a 
nonove?” 
EXExactly, we are the Olsen family! My sister an hthe most pampered daughters. If you lay a hand inand it causes a big scene, the Olsen family will n etlebyou off the hook!” 
Kefreital tilted her head. “You really talk too much. Are 
||| 
< 
you just here to stir up trouble?” 
Christina then looked toward Mrs. Jones. “Mrs. Jones, aren’t you afraid? If she really dares to fight back, we definitely won’t let your son or her daughter go back 
to school!” 
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Jones said, “Whether he goes to school or not isn’t important. What matters is that I want George to know he’s not a measurement of value! Miss South, do as you see fit! If worst
comes to worst, I’ll send my son abroad!” 
Keira looked at Mrs. Jones again after hearing this and felt that she had found a friend worth keeping. 
She nodded. 
Meanwhile. 
Outside the villa. 
A string of luxury cars entered one after anoth attracting the attention of everyone in the neighborhood from the moment they entered th 
Soon, the cars stopped right at the doorstep of th South residence. 
10: 
Bodyguards immediately got out of the cars and jogged around to the other side, opening the car doors. 
The head of them was a Rolls-Royce. A handsome middle-aged man in a suit came out, and it was none 
other than Uncle Olsen. 
He looked toward the small villa and then back at the 
front door, only to find that the door to the villa was unexpectedly open… 
R 
11 
10.27 
> 
E 
###Chapter 366
Uncle Olsen paused for a moment.” 
Then he heard the sounds of a fight coming from inside. 
He frowned and immediately quickened his pace. 
Could someone be bullying Keera? 
But when he entered the living room, he saw a group of people lying on the floor, and that familiar figure standing there, clapping her hands. 
Keira swept her disdainful gaze over everyone and then let out a cold laugh. “Victoria, Christina, is this all you’re capable of?” 
Victoria jumped in fright; she hadn’t expected her to be so skilled! 
Christina, on the other hand, furrowed her brows, looking annoyed at the bodyguards around her. “Get up!” 
She pointed angrily at Keira. “Go on, get her for me!” 
But the bodyguards were rolling around on the ground 
in pain.
Although they had no visible injuries, for some reason, the places where Keira struck them were so sore that they couldn’t muster any strength to fight back. 
The bodyguards crawled on the ground, struggling to stand up. 
Keira didn’t even glance at them as she walked toward 
Victoria and Christina. 
Victoria immediately backed away. 
Christina watched her in terror. “Keera, don’t come any closer, you, I… that is, if you dare to hit me, the Olsen family won’t let you off!” 
This statement successfully captured Keira’s attention. 
She had intended to teach Victoria a lesson, but she paused slightly and then turned toward Christina. She walked straight up to her. 
Christina was pressured into retreating, and then she frantically ran toward the door. 
But before she could take more than two steps, Keira grabbed her by the collar, yanked her hair down, and Christina was pulled into a kneeling position on the 
10.27 
ground in an instant. 
Christina roared, “Keera, what are you doing? If you dare to hit me, I’ll make you regret it!” 
A slap landed on her face. “I hit you, so what are you going to do to make me regret it?” 
Christina was dumbfounded. 
She was almost going mad, “Victoria, hurry up and help 
me!” 
Keira immediately raised an eyebrow and looked toward Victoria, only to see her retreating in panic, running toward the doorway. “Sister, hold on. I’m going to call someone to help you!” 
Christina’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
Keira sneered. “How very sisterly of you… In times crisis, each to her own. Christina, I advise you to be smart and stop letting people use you as a target!” 
Christina’s eyes reddened, and just as she was about to curse again, Keira’s grip tightened, causing Christina to cry out in pain. “It hurts! Let go!” 
“Let go? You people smashed the furniture in my room. What about that?” 
||| 

Christina immediately said, “It was clearly when you sent the bodyguards flying that they crashed into it, 
you…” 
Keira was a person of few words but forceful actions, her grip tightening even more. 
In pain, Christina immediately cried out, “Fine, fine, I’ll compensate! Just let me go!” 
“Alright.” 
Keira suddenly took out her phone and turned on the recording function. “Say it. After I let you go, will you still hold me responsible?” 
“No, I won’t anymore!” 
“Then that’s settled.” 
Keira immediately let go of her grip. 
Christina stood up instantly, her eyes filled with tears, 
“You…” 
Keira raised the phone in her hand and played the recording. The conversation between them twanged out, causing Christina to feel utterly humiliated. 
Christina’s eyes reddened with anger. 
J 
Just then, a group of people barged in from outside, just in time to block Victoria’s escape. 
When Victoria saw who had arrived, she halted 
immediately, and she exclaimed with joy, “Uncle!” 
Uncle Olsen had just entered the room and was slightly taken aback by the scene. He asked with confusion, “What are you doing here?” 
Victoria immediately said, “My sister and I came looking for Keera with something important, but she started hitting us as soon as we came in. Uncle, you must help my sister!” 
Her eyes instantly turned red, and she looked defiant, pointing at Keira. “She even grabbed my sister’s hair and beat her…” 
Keira, hearing all this, looked at Uncle Olsen. 
Ever since she knew he was Uncle Olsen, Keira had always been indifferent toward him. 
If her mother didn’t like some people, she wouldn’t either. 
She was a momma’s girl, so she didn’t have any warm feelings toward Uncle Olsen, nor had she thought 
about recognizing him as family. 
She also didn’t know if Uncle Olsen wanted to 
acknowledge her… 
While Keira was pondering this, Christina already burst into tears, “Uncle, Uncle, you finally came! This Keera, she bullied me…” 
Christina ran to Uncle Olsen, grabbing his arm, “Please help me get revenge. I told her we are daughters of the Olsen family, but she wouldn’t listen. She simply has no regard for the Olsens!” 
Uncle Olsen, upon hearing this, looked at the 
bodyguards on the ground with surprise, then turned his gaze toward Keira and asked,, “Did you beat these people?” 
Keira nodded. “So what?” 
Was Uncle Olsen thinking of taking revenge for the 
While she was thinking, Victoria said, “Uncle, she’s been bullying us all along. Not only did she hit my sister, but she also hit me. She’s close to our sister-in-law. We thought we’d come over to reason with her and repair the relationship, but without a word she beat us un again. having no regard for the 
Olsens!” 
Victoria lowered her head, her eyes red. 
They expected Uncle Olsen to get angry immediately, but what surprised them was that upon hearing this, Uncle Olsen turned to her and asked, “Why did she hit you?” 
Victoria was taken aback. 
Uncle Olsen then turned toward Christina, inquiring, “And why did she hit you?” 
A sheepish look immediately spread across Christina’s face. “Well…” 
“Tell me.” 
Uncle Olsen now looked at Keira and abruptly asked, “Did they harm you?” 
Keira, listening to his concerned tone, paused for a 
moment. 
When she interacted with him, she thought of him only as the Handsome Uncle and nothing more, but now, standing before her as a father and looking at her with such concern, it stoked a thick sense of grievance deep in Keira’s heart. 
1027 
|||
C 
719 
All her life, she had wanted a father, someone like 
Taylor who would lift Isla onto his shoulders and play 
around with her on his neck… 
But that never happened… 
Now she had a mother… 
If she also had a father who adored her… 
Could it be that even heaven was compensating her? 
As Keira was lost in her thoughts, Christina couldn’t hold back any longer. “Uncle, why are you asking her? Have you got it wrong? She’s an outsider, shouldn’t you be helping us get revenge?” 
These words made Uncle Olsen’s eyes suddenly narrow, his gaze directed firmly at them, a touch of anger appearing in his eyes. “Who said she’s an outsider?!” 
Uncle Olsen strode in front of Keira, standing before her, and then with a voice firm yet trembling slightly and tinged with uncertainty. 
“Keera, Daddy’s here, would you… like to come home 
with me?”
<
###Chapter 367
Uncle Olsen’s statement left everyone stunned. 
Christina and Victoria looked at him with utter 
disbelief. 
Christina was the first to shout in shock. “Uncle, what, what are you talking about? Have you been deceived by Keera? How could she be your daughter?” 
Victoria was also astonished as she looked at 
everything in front of her, incredulously turning her head to glance at Uncle Olsen and then at Keira, a flash of surprise passing through her panic-stricken 
eyes. 
She felt as if she were dreaming. 
The scene unfolding before her was almost too 
incredible to believe. 
Uncle Olsen abruptly turned to look at them, a stern look flashing in his eyes as he scolded, “Get out!” 
Christina and Victoria were both slightly taken aback. 
But after meeting Uncle Olsen’s gaze, both of them 
quickly lowered their heads. “Yes, Uncle, we will leave
10.37 
0 
right away!” 
Before they could leave, however, Keira stopped them. 
“Wait a minute.” 
The two of them halted. 
Keira then looked toward Uncle Olsen, addressing him. “I’ve heard that the directorship of the kindergarten has been taken over by the Olsen family, and Christina is currently in charge there. She expelled my daughter and Mrs. Jones’s son for no reason… How are you going to handle this matter?” 
Uncle Olsen didn’t care about such trivial matters at all. 
Upon hearing this, he looked indifferently toward Christina. 
Christina immediately swallowed hard. 
She and Victoria were all too aware of how much Olsen family’s third branch had wanted a daughter; Keera truly was Uncle Olsen’s daughter, her status would far exceed everyone, including Ellis! 
After all, it was Uncle Olsen who was the head of the household now! 
10 27 
Christina immediately said, “Uncle, there has been a misunderstanding. I didn’t know Keera was your daughter, I… 
“When you get back, immediately relinquish the position of director of the kindergarten!” Uncle Olsen, uninterested in her excuses, declared in one sentence, stripping her of her power. 
“…” Christina was slightly shocked, feeling utterly disgraced. 
Because she was an adopted daughter, she had always been very sensitive. The moment the Olsen family took over the directorship, she assumed the position, and today was supposed to be her day of triumph; but after only one day in charge, she was being removed. 
She managed to say, “Uncle, I…” 
Before she could finish, Uncle Olsen looked at “Aren’t you leaving yet?!” 
His voice was deep and commanding, frightening Christina so much that she shivered all over and th 
quickly nodded. “I’m leaving now…” 
Christina walked out dejectedly. 
10.27 
Victoria looked at Uncle Olsen after her sister had left 
and said, “Uncle, there has been some 
misunderstanding between my sister and Keera. Please don’t be hasty. I’ll talk to my sister…”
These words distanced herself from the matter before 
she hurried out the door. 
After they left with the bodyguards, the room fell into silence. 
Rebecca and Mary were still standing on the stairs, and at this moment, both were staring at Uncle Olsen with widened eyes. 
Uncle Olsen’s fame was well-known, and he was an even more authoritative figure than Ken. 
Over the years, he had been leading the Davis Corporation to greater heights, gradually becoming the trendsetter among the premier families. 
Neither the Allen family nor the Davis family could compare to the Olsen family… 
That was why just now Christina and Victoria didn’t take the two of them seriously. But as it turned out, Keera was the real Olsen’s heiress? 
1027 
||| 
r 
W10 
Before even returning home, she had already implicitly made Rebecca and Mary envision the extent to which the Olsen family would dote on her. 
Neither Christina nor Victoria could compare to her. 
Both glanced at each other and then, holding onto Mrs. Jones and George, quietly made their way upstairs, leaving the space to the father and daughter. 
When Uncle Olsen and Keira were alone, Keira lowered her eyes calmly. 
She suddenly didn’t know what to say. 
Uncle Olsen stared at her, and after a while, he finally said, “I’ve been looking for your mother this whole time, so I didn’t come back. Ellis told me that you already know your identity?” 
Keira nodded and asked, “Then, is there any ne my mother?” 
Uncle Olsen sighed. “Not yet.” 
But he suddenly realized something. “Do you know something?” 
Keira was a bit disappointed to hear this response, b considering Uncle Olsen’s persistence in finding Jodi 
Jazz 
< 
South, she still disclosed everything she knew. “It was 
the South family who took her away.” 
“The South family?” 
Uncle Olsen frowned. “As in the surname South?” 
“Yes.” 
Now that they had a topic to talk about, Keira felt less awkward. She pointed to the sofa, inviting Uncle Olsen to sit down. 
 
She then told him everything she knew about Keera’s origins. 
In this world, if there was still someone she could trust, someone who was as eager as she was to rescue her mother, that person would definitely be Uncle Olsen. 
After listening to Keira’s information, Uncle Olsen frowned slightly, and after a while, he looked at her “So, you’re planning to risk yourself?” 
Keira looked down. “Yes.” 
“I don’t agree.” 
Uncle Olsen rejected her plan. “Now that I know the 
10.20 
truth, I’ll take care of rescuing your mother!” 
Keira didn’t retort passionately but simply looked at him placidly. “You’ve been searching for more than a month, haven’t you? Have you found any clues?” 
Uncle Olsen paused. 
Keira looked at him. “I’m not as weak as you think. It’s 
settled then.” 
+77 
She stood up, and pointed toward the door, wanting to say something, but suddenly didn’t know how to address Uncle Olsen. She paused and finally said, “You should get back home.” 
Uncle Olsen frowned and was annoyed. “What about you? It’s not convenient to stay here…” 
“Staying here will let those people lower their guard. Besides…” Keira looked down, “I don’t know what happened between you and my mom in the past, so I haven’t accepted you as my dad yet.” 
Uncle Olsen was speechless. 
He stared at Keira silently for a long time. Seeing the determination on her face and knowing that he couldn’t persuade his daughter, he finally sighed. “Fine, 
0 
+77
I’ll leave now, but if you encounter any difficulties, you must tell me immediately!” 
Keira nodded. 
Uncle Olsen was very straightforward, leaving immediately after saying he would. 
After he left, Mary quietly came down from upstairs, bumping into Keira’s arm, “Keera, aren’t you going home with Uncle Olsen?” 
“No.” 
Keira was thinking about how to make an excuse when she heard Mary say, “You don’t want to go back because you don’t want to marry Lewis, that divorced older man?” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Mary nodded. “You’re doing the right thing. Life good for you now, with that handsome gigolo tre you well; there’s no need to go back for an arrang marriage! The two of you living well is better than anything!” 
Keira’s lips twitched, and then she saw Rebecca and 
19000 
< 
Lewis standing not far away, quietly watching Mary. 
Mrs. Jones, after learning of Keera’s identity, had been
in a state of shock, and no one came downstairs to 
disturb the conversation between Keira and Uncle 
Olsen. 
At the moment, Mrs. Jones was upstairs, playing with 
the two children, and hadn’t come down. 
Lewis and Rebecca were worried about Keira, so they followed Mary downstairs, but they didn’t expect to hear such a conversation as they approached. 
Rebecca turned her head to look at Lewis, then at Mary, and suddenly coughed, “Well, Mary…” 
Mary turned around to look at her. 
Rebecca pointed at Lewis. “Do you know who he is?” 
1 
View All 
R 
11 
图 
Terrible
###Chapter 368
Mary looked puzzled at Rebecca. “Who is he?” ” 
Rebecca swallowed hard. 
She had spent all of yesterday at the villa trying to please Lewis, but he was just icy cold to her and didn’t speak at all. 
Just as she was about to inform Mary who he was, she caught the man giving her a quick glance. 
Immediately, Rebecca dared not say anything… 
Mary then said, “No matter who he is, he looks young and handsome. Let me tell you. His stamina is also really good, way better than that nearly 
thirty-years-older Lewis! Plus, he’s a widower on h second marriage!” 
The more she spoke, the more terrified Rebecca became, and she quickly explained, “Actually, Mr. Horton isn’t that bad…” 
“Tsk tsk.” Mary looked her up and down, “Miss Allen, you don’t still have any improper thoughts about him, do you? I’ve heard before that you always wanted to 
C 
marry him…”
At this remark, Rebecca felt the chill around Lewis. 
intensified. 
She immediately waved her hands. “No, I don’t have that idea anymore…” 
“You look down on him now, don’t you? After all, as 
long as you have enough money to spend and your parents can support you for a lifetime, it’s better to find yourself a young lover like Keera than to marry a divorced man and potentially suffer later on, isn’t it?” 
Rebecca was shocked. 
She said, “No, it’s not that I look down on him…” 
Mary asked, “You still fancy him? Alright, then go and compete with Victoria! To each their own!” 
Rebecca was speechless. 
Once more, she carefully and fearfully glanced at Lewis, only to see that he looked even more 
displeased, and took Keira’s hand. “You must be ca who you befriend in the future!” 
 
Rebecca felt that she would never be able to come 
clean!
While they were chatting, Mrs. Jones finally came down the stairs with the two children. She looked at Keira with a joyous expression. “Miss South, you’re actually Uncle Olsen’s daughter! No wonder…” 
No wonder she said last time that if they went to the Horton family, the deal would go through-it really did! 
After pondering for a moment, Keira said, “There’s something I’d like to ask of you, which is to keep my identity a secret for now.” 
Mary was slightly startled, recalling what Keera said about saving his mother, and her secretive demeanor since childhood; she didn’t ask any more questions. 
However, Rebecca immediately became anxious. “What’s wrong? Doesn’t Uncle Olsen want to acknowledge you and take you home? If that’s the case, forget about that home!” 
Mrs. Jones also looked worriedly at her. 
Seeing that everyone had misunderstood, Keira just smiled faintly. “No, it’s just that I still have some things 
10.26 
C 
< 
to do, and this identity hinders me.” 
“As long as they don’t deny you, that’s good.” Rebecca patted her chest.
Mary laughed at her. “You’re overthinking it. With Christina and Victoria in the Olsen family, how could they not want you, their precious daughter?” 
After saying this, she looked at Keira. “We won’t tell, but you probably have made it clear to Uncle Olsen. I can’t guarantee what Christina and Victoria will do, though.” 
Keira wasn’t worried about them and just smiled. “Do you think they would tell anyone?” 
Mary thought for a moment and came to a conclusion: Of course not! 
As long as the Olsen family’s true daughter wasn’t home, they could remain the honored daughters o Olsen family. But if the biological daughter came ba the two adopted daughters would lose their position 
Realizing this, Mary smirked. 
Mrs. Jones, however, seemed to hesitate, looking at Keira without speaking. 
102 – 
III 
A/E 
Keira understood what she meant and stood up immediately. “The Olsen family has entrusted me with the position of kindergarten’s board director. I’ll take you back now and have George’s withdrawal 
canceled!” 
Mrs. Jones was instantly delighted!
She hadn’t expected Keira to be so perceptive and see right through her intentions, 
She had meant to bring this up just now, worried that if Keira refused to acknowledge her help, she wouldn’t be able to arrange the schooling for the child. 
Gratitude appeared in her eyes. “Great!” 
Rebecca and Mary stayed at home to keep Amy company, while the rest of the group left the house with Lewis acting as Keira’s driver. 
Mrs. Jones had her own car. 
The two cars traveled one after the other toward the kindergarten. 
Just as they left the villa’s underground garage, Lewis paused for a moment and took a glance in the 
rearview mirror. 
||| 
C 
5.9 
In an inconspicuous spot in the distance, three cars were parked. 
A shadow passed through his eyes, and after a moment of contemplation, he looked back just in time to hear Keira ask, “Is it Uncle Olsen?” 
Lewis nodded. “It looks like it.”
After saying this, he glanced at Keira again and said indifferently, “Uncle Olsen seems very domineering and authoritarian, but in fact, he’s quite righteous. He has a persistent affection for your mom and has remained unmarried all these years because of her. By the way…” 
Lewis laughed a bit as he added. “Do you know why, initially, I went to the Olsen family on behalf of the Horton family to propose a marriage for Jake? 
Keira became momentarily lost in thought upo hearing this. 
At that time, she was forced by Poppy and Taylo shotgun wedding, only to discover at the courtho that she was already married to Lewis. 
Thinking back to these events now, they seemed 
almont aurreal 
Back then, she lived a stifling life with the Olsen family, oppressed and brainwashed by Poppy, struggling for freedom, and working hard at various jobs. 
Gradually, she established her own courier company, a repair business, and even later developed new energy sources, becoming Nora, and then… 
Perhaps because of her lack of a sense of security since childhood, at that time, she was obsessed with earning more money, wanting to buy her own houses in various parts of the country. 
Instead of forever living under someone else’s roof, especially in that dark basement of the Olsen family. 
Although life was hard back then, it was fulfilling.
But such a life lasted only two short months befe it was shattered. 
The mysterious South family… 
Her sister, who had appeared out of nowhere, die her… 
It seemed as if an ominous net called conspiracy ha suddenly descended from the sky, entangling her firmly. She wanted to break free but had no idea 
10 
where to start… 
She could only let things take their course, feeling a profound sense of helplessness. 
Reflecting on her past life, she suddenly found the simplicity of those days more appealing. 
Lost in her memories, Lewis continued to explain. “It was Uncle Olsen who sent me. Over the years, the Horton family has been assisting the Olsen family’s business, all because of Uncle Olsen’s care. He knew that if the Olsen family tried to help, my mother-in-law would never accept it…” 
Mother-in-law… 
A surge of warmth passed over Keira’s face. 
Seeing that she didn’t react with aversion, Lewi continued. “When my mother-in-law fell ill, Un Olsen rushed to Oceanion overnight. It shows h always been concerned about her. In fact, there’s misunderstanding between the two of them…” 
Keira immediately asked, “What misunderstanding
###Chapter 369
369 Chapter 368
Keira really wanted to know what exactly had happened between her parents!
She could tell that Jodie had feelings for Uncle Olsen; otherwise, she wouldn't have said such harsh words as "not to see each other even in death."
Deep love begot deep hatred.
That was also why she hesitated and didn't know if she should recognize Uncle Olsen as her father.
Lewis coughed. "I'm not sure what happened. I guess it has something to do with the South family."
Keira immediately narrowed her eyes. Fdd ew updts on n(o)v/e/lin(.)com
She felt like she had caught onto something...
Lewis continued. "When Keera died, after you discovered the conspiracy, why didn't you come to find me right away?"
Keira was startled.
Lewis went on. "Aside from misunderstanding Madeleine's incident, were there other reasons?"
Of course, there were.
It was because both the Horton family and the Olsen family had taken action yet still couldn't trace the South family!
This made her feel panicked; she didn't want to drag Lewis into this...
She didn't understand just how terrifying the South family was, yet her sister Keera's diary was full of panic and fear...
If Keera could scheme quietly and get her married to Lewis, it showed Keera wasn't without means, but she was still so afraid of the South family.
And their mother, Jodie, was a born member of the South family... Could Jodie have left Uncle Olsen because she didn't want to implicate him?!
Otherwise, Uncle Olsen, a man who was so decisive, would have resolved a true misunderstanding immediately.
Keira had a vague understanding of everything that had happened...
Jodie must have demanded "not to see each other even in death" because she didn't want to implicate Uncle Olsen... If she truly didn't love him, how could she bear his children?
So, Keira didn't need to let these things stop her from acknowledging her father.
She looked through the rear-view mirror and glanced again at the vehicles that were following them from a distance.
Uncle Olsen was also worried about her, so had he chosen to accompany her in secret?
She pursed her lips, seemingly having unraveled the doubts in her heart, and then spoke to Lewis with a teasing tone. "It seems that he treats you quite well, for you to speak so favorably of him."
Lewis immediately said, "I just don't want you to be trapped by all this. After all, a father-in-law like him is quite rare. He's a good father."
Keira's gaze softened.
Lewis might seem cold, but he was very considerate.
When she didn't know Uncel Olsen was her father, Lewis called him Uncle Olsen. As soon as she acknowledged her father, he immediately switched to calling him father-in-law...
In the vehicle trailing behind.
Uncle Olsen sat quietly in the back seat, staring at the vehicle up front.
Seeing they were headed to the kindergarten, Uncle Olsen immediately ordered, "Issue the appointment now; have Keera represent the Olsen family on the board."
The secretary sitting in the passenger seat immediately responded, "Yes."
Uncle Olsen's gaze gradually softened.
His daughter hadn't acknowledged him, yet he wasn't angry at all; instead, he felt somewhat pleased. Her stubbornness and obstinacy were too similar to Jodie's in her younger years...
Keira grew up with Jodie. Her obstinate nature was apparent even during her time in Oceanion; who would have thought Keera was the same?
...No, that wasn't right!
Uncle Olsen abruptly sat upright.
Keera grew up in Clance. When he met the young woman in Oceanion, she claimed to be a local and said her mother was the best in the world...
Uncle Olsen suddenly realized something and immediately turned to the people beside him. "Check for me, on the two days when the incident happened to Keira, did Keera visit Oceanion?"
"Yes."
...
Two cars arrived at the kindergarten, one after the other.
Keira got out of the car and, together with Mrs. Jones, approached the entrance only to be stopped by the security guard. "Our school doesn't allow irrelevant persons to enter."
Keira and Mrs. Jones replied, "We're parents of the students here. How are we irrelevant?"
Upon hearing this, the security guard reported to the people inside, and soon, the principal and Brandon's teacher came out.
Upon arriving at the entrance and seeing the group, Brandon's teacher, Miss Kelly, sneered. "Miss South, Mrs. Jones, making a fuss is useless. If the school says they should be expelled, then they'll be expelled. There will be absolutely no change in our decision!"
Mrs. Jones said angrily, "I've already asked Brandon, and he hasn't done anything wrong. It's nothing like you said. You must give me an explanation today!"
Miss Kelly sneered. "Even if he hasn't, do you have evidence?"
"I want the full surveillance footage! Not the content that you guys selectively edit!"
"Sorry, as I've said, our surveillance is being repaired, and there's no way to check it. Even if you call the police, there's nothing they can do when they arrive!"
After she finished speaking, she turned her gaze to Brandon, scolding the boy. "Brandon, since you're here, why don't you tell us? Did you do those things?"
Brandon shook his head. "I didn't!"
"Liar!" Miss Kelly pointed at him and scolded, "Children who lie will have their noses grow long, and they'll have nightmares. A big dinosaur will come to catch you! Also, you should consider why the teachers only scold you and not the others?"
Seeing that Miss Kelly dared to threaten her son in front of her, Mrs. Jones was suddenly furious. She covered her chest and said furiously, "You..."
The principal immediately took a step forward, placing herself between the two.
The principal looked at Mrs. Jones and sighed. "Mrs. Jones, why bother causing more trouble? You and I both know that you've simply offended someone you shouldn't have. That person has a powerful influence. Even if you talk sense to me here, it's useless."
Mrs. Jones calmed down upon hearing this.
She glanced at Keira and smirked. "Then do you know who the current school board director is?"
The principal laughed at this comment, "Of course I do. It's Miss Olsen!"
Even though Christina got married, her marriage was to a man of lower status, as she had waited too long in the hope of a union with Lewis. By the time she decided to marry, suitors with an appropriate family background weren't of a suitable age, so she still preferred others to refer to her as Miss Olsen.
Mrs. Jones raised an eyebrow. "Has the Olsen Group delivered the appointment?"
"That hasn't happened, but it's obviously her. You've offended someone, and it's best you leave immediately. Otherwise, I'll call security to escort you out! Right now, the kindergarten's security measures are very strict."
Miss Kelly spoke smugly, "Instead of pestering us here, you'd be better off begging Miss Olsen. If you keep making a fuss, we'll say you're trying to break into the school, and that's not good for the children! If you know what's good for you, I advise you to leave quickly!"
Although the principal felt Miss Kelly's speech was distasteful and her attitude toward the children was poor, since the teacher worked for Christina, she didn't dare say much. She just sighed and showed a regretful smile to Mrs. Jones and Keira, advising kindly. "You should leave and find another school for the children..."
Before she could finish speaking, a car from the Olsen family suddenly stopped in front of the gate!!
Uncle Olsen's secretary got out of the car and strode over.
###Chapter 370
The principal’s status in the school had never been high. 
Because the rules of the school were monopolized by these second-generation rich heirs, she was merely a figurehead. 
Last time, when it came to expelling Amy, she felt it was too much and had even spoken a few words on Amy’s behalf. 
This time, she couldn’t help but pull aside Mrs. Jones and Keira, whispering, “Stop causing a scene. The Olsen family became the new school trustees all because of you two. Christina is fighting for this triumph. Keeping up this fuss is pointless; you might as well hurry up and find a good school for the kids.” 
At this, she sighed again. “However, as far as I know, Miss Olsen is taking this seriously this time. Not only has she expelled you, but she has also spread the news in the circle. You won’t find a good school in Clance; I think going abroad could be another path.” 
Her well-meaning advice was overheard by the 
teacher who had expelled George, who instantly let out a cold laugh. “Why do you talk so much? If you are really siding with them, I might as well tell Miss Olsen about it. See if she decides to transfer you to a school that will take them, how about that?”
Upon hearing this, the principal frowned and said, “I was merely offering them a suggestion, Miss Kelly. I advise you not to go too far. You should know when to stop. No matter what, you shouldn’t take your anger out on the children. They are innocent.” 
“Innocent? Their parents offended Miss Olsen, so they’re not innocent!” 
The principal couldn’t stand to listen anymore. “Enough is enough. Besides, strictly speaking, Christina isn’t a trustee yet. She currently doesn’t have the authority to expel any students.”” 
Miss Kelly, arms crossed, looked every inch the villa with her arrogant demeanor. “See? The appointmen decree from the Olsen family has come down. Miss Olsen will soon be one.” 
After saying that, she nodded in another direction. 
Following her gaze, everyone turned to see Uncle 
28 
Olsen’s secretary and were suddenly stunned. 
The principal gave a bitter smile, looking toward Mrs. 
Jones and Keira. 
She sighed and looked back at Miss Kelly. “I can’t stand this anymore. First, you expelled Amy, and after that, it’s George. What’s next? Will Christina’s son become the tyrant of the school? This is not good for the kids! I must speak up about this matter!”
Miss Kelly stepped forward, pushing her a little. “You old thing, what do you have to say? Go ahead and say it. I’ll call Miss Christina right now and let you say as much as you want. It’d be perfect-once you’re fired, I might even get a promotion. 
The principal, chest heaving with anger, said, “You…you’re a disgrace to all teachers! How can the teaching profession have someone like you who’s o concerned about climbing up the ladder, completel disregarding the most basic aspects of being human 
“The most basic principles? In the face of absolute power, all that is useless! You old thing, you’ve been in early childhood education for so many years, and sure, you’ve been good to the children, but what’s the 
370 Chapter 300 
result?” 
Miss Kelly stepped forward, looking directly at her/ “A few years ago, you had the chance to be promoted and transferred, right? But because you didn’t know how to 
please Miss Olsen, you’ve been stuck here, hogging the principal position and preventing the rest of us from advancing. It’d be best if you talked it out with Miss Olsen, then leave and let me have a shot at being principal!” 
Mrs. Jones frowned. “Miss Kelly, you need to have a conscience. If you keep this up, you’ll eventually destroy yourself!”
Miss Kelly spoke with arms folded. “Struck by lightning? Do you think this is a TV drama? You’re from a wealthy family; don’t you understand? Good and evil don’t always get their just desserts in this world!” 
Her chin lifted slightly as she turned to Mrs. Jones a Keira. “You two, better kneel and beg Miss Olsen now to cool off. Maybe she’ll leave a way out for your children.” 
Keira sneered softly. “What, the master hasn’t spoken 
10200  
< 
yet, and the dog starts barking here?” 
Upon hearing this, Miss Kelly flew into a rage. “Who are you calling a dog?” 
“Whoever speaks first.” 
“You… you…” 
Miss Kelly pointed at her, furious, and then turned to George. “George, do you see that? Remember, if you can’t attend school in the future, it’s all because of this person. It’s her who offended me!” 
George looked blankly at Keira, then at Mrs. Jones, before finally leaning into Mrs. Jones’s embrace. 
Mrs. Jones said angrily, “Why are you suddenly picking on the child again? A teacher like you is nothing but a disgrace to civility! One rotten apple spoils the whole
barrel!” 
Miss Kelly lifted her chin. “Even if that’s the case still stay here. And you? You can only beg around your child to get into a good school!” 
She huffed and turned to the principal. “And you, I’ll remember you! You’re helping these two, and I’ll definitely tell Miss Olsen!” 
52 
The principal took a deep breath. “Go ahead and tell her. I’ve wanted to resign for a long time! I’m done with this job!” 
Tears welled up in her eyes. 
When she first started in this profession, it was out of genuine love for children. 
For so many years, she had strived to be a good teacher, eager to educate every student well. 
But her nightmare began three years ago when 
Christina’s son enrolled. 
Because Christina’s son was overweight, which was unhealthy for his physical development, she tried to control his diet a bit. However, after the little guy went home and cried, Christina immediately charged into the school and filled the classroom with snacks. 
The children, used to eating snacks all the time, no longer enjoyed their meals…
She wanted to intervene, but after bringing it up a few times, Christina scolded her, telling her to mind her own business. 
Later on, her son became the school’s bully, leading 
other children to torment the weaker ones. Countless 
children had been bullied. 
But as soon as the parents realized it was the Olsen family’s doing, they could only coax their children to appease the bully, thus making him increasingly 
audacious. 
Indeed. 
No one can fight against money. 
The Olsen family was now on the board of directors, 
and Christina had become even more unbridled. 
Amy and George were such good children, but she expelled them on a whim. 
Hearing the principal’s words, Miss Kelly suddenly laughed. “You’ll resign? Miss Olsen won’t give you that chance. You’ll definitely be fired!”
Keira laughed sarcastically upon hearing this. “I actually offer you the opportunity to resign. Will you take it?” 
Miss Kelly looked stunned for a moment, then laughed. “What kind of nonsense are you talking about here? Offering me a chance? Miss Olsen’s 
appointment decree has already arrived. What chance 
can you give me? If one didn’t know better, they might think you are our board director!” 
No sooner had she finished speaking than Uncle Olsen’s secretary, having had enough of the spectacle and Miss Kelly’s insolence, spoke up, “Well, she is.” 
2 
11 
> 
图 
Terrible
###Chapter 371
As soon as these words were uttered, both the 
principal and Miss Kelly were stunned. 
Both of them looked toward Uncle Olsen’s secretary in unison, staring at him dumbfounded. 
The teacher asked in astonishment, “What did you 
say?” 
“I said, it’s her!” 
Uncle Olsen’s secretary handed the appointment document to the principal. “From now on, Miss Keera will assume the role of the kindergarten’s director. Any problems with that?” 
The principal was also stunned. 
She opened the appointment document and saw name written in the hiring section; indeed, it bore name Keera South. She looked incredulously at Kei 
Miss Kelly shouted, “This is impossible! How could th Olsen family appoint someone else? Shouldn’t the position be assumed by Miss Christina? Why would they choose an outsider!” 
0 
At this moment, the principal completely snapped back to reality, looking toward Keira and Mrs. Jones.
She stared at them blankly. “So, you didn’t come here to plead with us, but rather…” 
Mrs. Jones smiled. “Right, we’ve come to enroll the children!” 
Keira took a step forward. “To be precise, we’ve come to retract the notice expelling the two children!” 
The principal’s eyes suddenly lit up, and she immediately nodded. “No problem at all! I’ll retract the notice right now, and I’ll withdraw all the emails that were sent out, followed by sending an explanatory 
one!” 
Keira then turned her gaze toward that teacher. 
Miss Kelly immediately took a step back, thashed a servile smile and began to speak. “Miss Kee 
“You’re fired.” 
Keira spoke crisply, not giving her any chance 
favor. 
Miss Kelly paused, then protested, “You, you can’t 
1. You have no reason… 
“Isn’t child abuse the best reason?” 
Keira took a step toward the teacher, frightening her into stepping back immediately.
The teacher stammered. “I didn’t abuse anyone! You 
have no evidence!” 
“I do!” 
Before Keira could speak, the principal surprisingly spoke up. She quickly pulled out her phone and opened a video, which contained footage of the teacher abusing George. 
The teacher distributed lunch to all the other students 
but not to George. When George asked the teacher, she harshly grabbed his arm, telling him to stand outside as punishment. 
George cried bitterly, and the teacher took ou needle and jabbed it into George’s arm. “You li cry, don’t you?!” 
After hearing her son’s account, Mrs. Jones felt enraged. 
Now, seeing the video, she became so furious that h 
eyes turned red. With eyes blazing, she stared at Miss 
< 
Kelly, then charged forward and grabbed her hair. 
Then, she began slapping Miss Kelly across the face 
from both sides. 
Smack!
“That’s for bullying my son!” 
Mrs. Jones cried as she struck Miss Kelly. 
Keira didn’t intervene, and the principal watched with reddened eyes as well. 
She had recorded these videos, originally planning to release them when the opportunity arose to battle these evil forces, but she also feared retaliation and oppression from the Olsen family… 
She admitted that she was a coward. 
Suffering mentally every day, at last, she could ing it all to light… 
The principal felt empowered once more! 
After Mrs. Jones had hit the teacher enough, she let go. Miss Kelly’s face had swollen like a pig’s he and she was in agony at the moment. 
Crying, she wiped her tears. “I’m going to call the 
police! I’m going to call the police…” 
Mrs. Jones felt her palms tingle and stared blankly at her without saying a word. 
“I’m going to call the police too.” 
Keira said calmly, “I’ll sue you for child abuse. You need to pay the price for your actions!” 
Upon hearing these words, the teacher’s legs gave way, and she collapsed to the floor.
Then Uncle Olsen’s secretary stepped forward once more, took the appointment document from the principal’s hands, and handed it to Keira, “Miss Keera, about this…” 
Keira took a glance and then turned back to look at the car parked not far away. 
Even through the glass window, she could se Olsen watching intently from the car. 
Keira fell silent for a moment before ultimately accepting the letter of appointment, and then tu to Miss Kelly, telling Uncle Olsen’s secretary. “The matter of calling the police, I’ll leave it to you.” 
Only then did she look at the principal. “Let’s go 
10:2 
le 
< 
inside!” 
Now that she had taken over the kindergarten, it was time to rectify the poor discipline within! 
The principal saw her intent and immediately teared up, following closely behind her. “Okay, okay… Miss Keera, no, Director Keera, this way!” 
She led the way. 
Keira and Mrs. Jones, with George in tow, followed her.
Upon entering the campus, they happened to see Christina’s son, Bobby, eating snacks in the classroom. Keira frowned and walked over. 
After Bobby grabbed the snacks, he turned to walk 
back. 
The teachers in the room had grown accustomed to 
his behavior and didn’t scold him. 
While eating his snacks, Bobby teased a classmate and even tore up their drawing. 
As Keira walked into the classroom, she saw the 
classmate crying, with the teacher nearby not intervening. 
10.29 
G/10 
She frowned and said nothing, but her gaze turned to the principal. 
The principal immediately understood and stepped forward, snatching the snacks from Bobby’s hands and picking up the snack box in the room. “From now on, there will be no eating snacks in the classroom! George, you’re not allowed to bully your classmates 
anymore!” 
Bobby, looking at his empty palms, immediately started to bawl at the top of his lungs.
His cries were so loud that they seemed to shake the very roof. 
Both the principal and Keira quickly covered their ears. 
The principal approached Bobby, trying to console him. “Alright, stop crying. The teacher is stopp you from eating snacks for your own good.” 
Having been spoiled rotten, Bobby no longer li 
to the teacher and cried even louder. 
The noise was aggravating and disruptive. 
Keira lowered her eyes and she lazily walked up to 
him. 
The cold and stern aura around her made Bobby’s crying pause momentarily. She then glanced at him, picked him up by the scruff of his neck, and lifted him 
1. 
She threw Bobby out into the yard. “If you want to cry, do it here without disturbing the other students.” 
That wasn’t retribution. 
It was simply a way to handle a mischievous child! 
Bobby was immediately startled into silence, hiccuping through his tears.
Keira then proceeded with the principal to patrol the 
other classrooms… 
Outside the kindergarten. 
After the police arrived and dealt with Miss Kelly, Uncle Olsen’s secretary finally got into the car. 
No sooner had he sat in the passenger seat than he heard Uncle Olsen speak slowly, “Is there a good day recently?” 
The secretary immediately replied, “There is one a 
S/L 
week from now.” 
“Good, let’s choose that day for a banquet.” 
The secretary was puzzled. “What kind of banquet?” 
Uncle Olsen smiled, looking outside. “A family reunion 
banquet.” 
The secretary didn’t know what to say. 
He was confused, “Ah? You mean to publicly acknowledge Miss South’s identity?”
“Yes.” 
Uncle Olsen’s expression seemed to have grown years 
younger. 
The secretary couldn’t help but twitch his mouth. “Well, allow me to remind you that Miss South doesn’t seem prepared to acknowledge you. What if s 
doesn’t come?” 
Uncle Olsen lowered his gaze and said indiffer 
“She will be there.” 
The secretary was perplexed. “Why?” 
“Because she has just acknowledged me.” 
The cooratory ume confucod 
< 
Uncle Olsen said no more but just smiled meaningfully. 
Given Keira’s nature, by accepting the letter of appointment, she had acknowledged him as her father. 
Therefore, she wouldn’t let him be embarrassed at the family recognition banquet. She would definitely 
attend.
11 
10.20 
> 
图
###Chapter 372
Indeed. 
Just now, Uncle Olsen had all but confirmed that the 
Keera was indeed Keira. 
He had already had people investigate Keera and found that for over twenty years, she had been extremely 
timid. 
A person’s character couldn’t change overnight. 
Moreover, if he wasn’t mistaken, the brat driving the 
car for Keera was actually Lewis. 
He couldn’t believe that Lewis would fall out of love so quickly. That brat was stubborn to a fault and couldn’t possibly get over Keira that fast. 
So, it had to be Keira. 
Yet, his smile slowly faded away. 
His heart was filled with joy, yet also with sorrow 
The joy was because Keira was still alive. 
The sorrow was because if Keira was alive, then the one who had died had to be the real Keera.
Either way, she was his biological daughter. 
Uncle Olsen cast his gaze downward and said softly, “Let’s go home.” 
They still had to find a way to locate Jodie South… 
The car quickly returned to the Olsen family estate. 
In the Olsen mansion, Victoria and Christina were 
shivering in their room. 
Christina was getting anxious. “Victoria, do you think Keera really is Uncle Olsen’s daughter? If she comes back, will there even be a place for us two here?” 
Victoria was even more upset. “Stop talking! Even if she comes back, we’re still adopted daughters of the Olsen family. Our place is secured. It’s just that our status might decline!” 
Without any biological daughter, they were the privileged women. 
With Keera around, they instantly became comm 
and unvalued. 
Currently, they were like princesses, more pampered than real heiresses like Rebecca and the Davis family 
girls but if Keera returned…
10.25 
21 
Victoria clenched her fists and suddenly said, “The Horton and Olsen families still have a marriage 
alliance…” 
This thought seemed to give Victoria a pillar of strength. “Right, the Horton and Olsen families have a marriage alliance, and the only one in the family who’s not married is you! Although Keera is divorced, she comes with a child, and the Hortons definitely won’t accept that. Victoria, I’ll be relying on you in the 
future!” 
Victoria withdrew her hand, looking disdainfully at the 
fool before her. 
She was eagerly waiting when the sound of a car came from downstairs, and she immediately gestured to 
Victoria with her hand, “Shh…” 
Both of them opened the door and quietly we the corridor, looking down at the floor below. 
Indeed, Ellis had already gone to greet the pers “Uncle, how did it go? Are you going to announce 
the public that Keera is your biological daughter a my cousin?”
Uncle Olsen shook his head, “Not yet…” 
10.20 
AfAfter all, the banquet wouldn’t be held until a week 
alater! 
Veret this exchange made the two people upstairs feel 
elielieved. 
Cloististina whispered, “It must be because of the lisgsgcateful things Keera has done; Uncle is afraid of bringing geheraback and losing face, right?” 
Victoria laallath the same thought. 
After alla ?, divbvorced woman with a child… it would sound terriblele if word got out that the Olsen family had such a daughghter! 
No one would leverer avant to marry her! 
Even if Uncle Olseneadadored this daughter, he wouldn’t acknowledge her andhtiturth the Olsen family into a 
aughingstock of Clancecat at most, he would gi compensation.n. 
While they were thinking, theydaydacard Uncle Ol Has that Horton kid cornentrotolahance yet?”
Ellis immediately replied, “He’selsdorch here for a wh Why? Uncle, are you thinking of gekekindling the narriage alliance between the Hortotoarahd Olsen 
me 
102 
families? Should this alliance continue?” 
Upon hearing this, Uncle Olsen finally broke into a smile. “Yes, of course!” 
Keira and Lewis were supposed to be a perfect match, weren’t they? 
What else was there to continue? It was already a done 
deal! 
However, Ellis misunderstood Uncle Olsen as 
endorsing the union between Keera and Lewis, so he nodded. “Okay, then I’ll continue to push this matter forward. When two big corporations engage in a marriage alliance, it needs to be publicized.” 
Marriage alliances between large conglomerates were of a commercial nature. Announcing this news would benefit not only the Olsen family but also the Horton family, which had just entered the Clance market! 
Moreover, this comment had already spread throughout Clance. The two families hadn’t yet responded, and now that they were about to respond, it was akin to building momentum in advance! 
As they talked, they walked side by side toward the
study next door. 
Suddenly, Uncle Olsen said, “Last night was your wedding night. Why weren’t you at home? Where did you go?” 
Ellis paused slightly. 
Uncle Olsen asked again, “And your wife?” 
Ellis paused once more. 
He quickly changed the subject. “Uncle, you’ve been away from Clance for a month, and there are many matters in the company that I need to report to you… 
“Don’t bother. You can make the decisions. I’m getting old, and sooner or later the company will have to be handed over to you. Go bring your wife back home 
now…” 
Ellis hesitated. 
Uncle Olsen’s gaze dropped as he patted Ellis’s shoulder. “Ellis, you’re still young, and you don’t understand. Cherish everything you have. To be together is fate.” 
Ellis’s steps faltered slightly. 
But Uncle Olsen entered the study by himself, without
looking at Ellis. 
10/20 
69 
Ellis pursed his lips, then let out a silent sigh and 
turned to leave the house. 
It really wasn’t acceptable that Mary disappeared from home on the second day of their marriage. The stock of Olsen Group must not fluctuate because of him. 
It wasn’t until Ellis also left that Christina and Victoria 
finally straightened up. 
Christina smiled ingratiatingly at Victoria. “Victoria, did you hear that? The marriage alliance between the Horton and Olsen families is still going ahead… It’s settled! Once you become Mrs. Horton, you’ll never have to worry about being an adopted daughter of the Olsen family again!” 
Victoria’s lips curved up in a smile. 
Christina breathed a sigh of relief as well. 
With Victoria backing her in the future, she wouldn’t lead such a miserable life. 
Just as she thought of this, her phone suddenly rang. 
She picked it up, and the voice of a kindergarten teacher came through. “Hello, is this Bobby’s parent?”
Christina immediately said. “Yes, that’s me.” 
10.20 
“Please come to the kindergarten immediately!” 
Christina’s fingers clenched. “What do you mean? Who asked you to call me?” 
The call seemed to be snatched away before she could finish, as Keira’s cool voice came through. “It’s me. Come here right now!” 
“Keera?! What did you do to my son!” 
Christina cried out in alarm. “Are you trying to get back at me out of sheer malice? Don’t you go too far! I’m not someone you can bully! I’m on my way!” 
After shouting these words, Christina’s eyes reddened. She turned to Victoria. “Victoria, I’m going to the kindergarten!” 
Victoria nodded. 
Christina was, after all, Bobby’s mother and anxious about her son. She drove straight to the kindergarten 
As soon as she entered, she saw Bobby standing in the yard as punishment, crying so hard that his whole body was shaking. 
Keira said. “You arrived just in time. Take him and leave immediately ”
###Chapter 373
373 Chapter 372 
As soon as Keira said those words, Christina's voice spiked into a shrill scream, interrupting Keira. "Keera, what are you doing?! No matter what, children are innocent!!" 
Upon hearing these words, Keira narrowed her eyes. 
Christina immediately rushed to Bobby's side. 
Bobby then wrapped his arms around her waist. "They wouldn't let me eat or tear up pictures… They made me stand there. Mommy, beat her up for me!" 
Christina immediately glared at Keira with venomous eyes. "Keera, I'm going to report you for child abuse!" 
Seeing her overreact like this, Keira hesitated for a moment, then scoffed. "When Amy and Brandon were slandered before, why didn't you show such a strong sense of justice? As expected, one doesn't feel the pain until they're hit with the stick themselves!" 
"You..." 
Christina's eyes had tears in them. "You viperous witch!" 
Keira shrugged. "Say whatever you want, but unlike you, I have a bottom line. I called you over to suggest that you take your son to the hospital for a check-up." 
At these words, Christina's eyes widened even further. "What have you done to my son?" 
She immediately began checking Bobby, starting from the head. "Son, where does it hurt? Did the teacher hit you?" 
Bobby, feeling uncomfortable being turned this way and that, squirmed and yelled, "No..." 
"Really? Are they not letting you talk?!" Christina glared at the principal. "Did you use some kind of evil trick on Bobby? I know you people can abuse children and then brainwash them!" 
She was truly frantic. 
Upon hearing this, the principal sneered. "Don't worry. I'm not as cruel as you!" 
Christina was taken aback. 
Keira then said, "There's something not right with him. I suspect he might have an issue with his brain. You should take him to the hospital promptly to check it out!" 
When Christina heard this, she burst into an angry laugh. "I think it's your brain that has a problem! Keera, if you want revenge, just say it straight. There's no need to beat around the bush! I lost the competition, and I accept the result. It's not like I can't handle defeat. I'll just send my son abroad! 
"If you want to expel him, at least come up with a better excuse. Your reason is lame and laughable! It's just a lousy kindergarten, right? If you don't want us here, we'll leave!" 
Christina said this, then grabbed Bobby's hand. "Son, let's go!" 
Bobby followed behind her. 
Seeing this, Keira took a couple of steps forward and said gently, "Christina, I'm not some saint or a blindly nice person. It's just that your son is only five years old, and I couldn't bear to see him have an episode, which is why I made that suggestion. You'd better take him to the hospital. I suspect he has a tumor in his brain, which is why he can't control his appetite and has a violent temperament..." 
"It's you who have a violent temperament! My son is chubby and eats a lot because he digests well! Look at how sturdy he is! Not like your Amy, who looks like a thin rat. I've heard it all before. She's abused by your mother-in-law, right? You can't even take care of your own child, yet you have the time to point fingers at mine!" 
Christina was completely ungrateful and thought that Keira was mocking her, so she went on. "Now that you've become the director, you think you're so great. I won't let my son be mistreated here!" 
Keira squinted her eyes, feeling that Christina really didn't know what was good for her. 
But when she looked at Bobby, she felt a human life was at stake, so she added. "You don't have to believe me, but if he starts throwing up, you must take it seriously..." 
Christina sneered. "Throwing up? My son can never get enough food. How could he possibly throw up? Let me tell you, I won't let you get away with expelling my son that easily!" 
She suddenly stepped forward, closing in on Keira. "Do you think you're so great just because you are my third uncle's daughter? Let me tell you. He never intended to acknowledge you as his daughter because of your tarnished reputation! This job here is probably just to compensate you! You just stay here and play your little kindergarten director role; I don't care for it! Take it!" 
She stood up and took a step back. "As for me, I'll still be the pampered adopted daughter of the Olsen family and a hundred times better than you!" 
Having said that, she turned around, held her son's hand, and left. 
Keira watched them leave but said nothing more. 
The principal frowned. "Director South, are we really going to let them go?" 
Keira scoffed. "I just said I'm no saint. I've already been more than kind and righteous to warn her after how she treated Amy. Believe it or not, that's up to her!" 
The principal sighed. "Alright then." 
... 
Christina brought Bobby out of the school, growing angrier the more she thought about it. 
She drove straight home with the child. 
As soon as they reached the front door, they were met by her mother-in-law and husband. On seeing Bobby, the mother-in-law immediately exclaimed in surprise. "Why are you bringing him home at this hour?" 
Christina was about to say something when Bobby started crying. "There are bad teachers at school who bully me!" 
This made his grandmother anxious, "What happened? Christina, aren't you the director? How can Bobby be bullied?" 
When Christina heard this, her eyes flickered. She frowned and let out a cold laugh. "I don't know what tricks Keera has used, but she has seduced my third uncle. He appointed her as the school director, and now she's expelled Bobby to get back at me!" 
Her mother-in-law's face darkened immediately. "How could they do this? After all, he's your son! I won't stand for this! I'm going to confront them! We can't just swallow this injustice silently! What reason did they give for expelling my grandson?" 
Christina, finding what Keera told her ridiculous, said, "She actually said Bobby has a tumor in his brain and told me to take him to the hospital. Mom, isn't that laughable?!" 
Her mother-in-law snorted coldly. "This is just an insult to us! If there's a problem, shouldn't they take it out on the adults instead of the child? Christina, let's go to your house right now and clear things up with your third uncle! It doesn't matter who this Keera is to him, even if she were his biological daughter, she can't be so unreasonable!!" 
Christina's husband, Richard, agreed. "Yes, the Murphy family might not be among the five powerful families, but we're not to be trampled on like this! Let's go! Take our son to confront them!" 
They took their bodyguards and were about to set out when suddenly, Bobby stopped crying, his face turning uneasy... 
Christina immediately asked, "Son, what's wrong?" 
No sooner had the words left her mouth than Bobby suddenly began to vomit violently!!
###Chapter 374
374 Chapter 373 
At that moment, the Murphy family was in total disarray, and everyone rushed over to Bobby immediately. 
Christina was splattered with filth across her face, which unsettled her completely, but because it was from her son, she could bear the extreme disgust. 
She hurriedly picked up a tissue and wiped herself clean. 
Richard also reached his son's side, patted his back, and asked, "What happened? Are you alright?" 
Bobby, covered in tears and snot, felt only pain and sorrow; he wanted to cry, but vomit spewed out instead. 
It wasn't until he felt like he'd emptied everything in his stomach that he started to feel better. 
Although Christina had already cleaned herself off by then, she still felt as if there was a lingering smell on her, yet she looked anxiously at the family doctor. "What's wrong with Bobby?" 
The family doctor examined Bobby carefully and then asked, "Did Bobby cry today at the kindergarten?" 
He glanced at the medical report in his hand; Bobby had a checkup six months ago, and there weren't any issues. 
Hearing the doctor's question, Christina frowned and looked at Bobby, who had calmed down by then. 
Bobby looked listless and very uncomfortable; he lay on the couch, clutching his stomach. "Mommy, I think I'm a little hungry." 
Christina immediately said, "I'll ask Sara to make you something to eat right away." 
"I don't want food; I want chips!" Bobby started fussing. "I want chips! Today at school, the teacher wouldn't let me have any and even made me stand outside as a punishment. They still wouldn't give me any chips when I cried. The teacher is so mean; I don't want to go to school anymore!" 
Christina's face instantly darkened when she heard this. "They made you stand outside as a punishment?" 
The family doctor said, "That explains it. It was quite windy outside today. If he was crying out there, he must have caught a chill in his stomach. That's probably what caused the vomiting. It shouldn't be anything serious; we can keep an eye on him." 
Although the Murphy family always placed great importance on the child, the fact was that Bobby was a big boy now. Moreover, he often spat up milk as a baby. They had taken him everywhere seeking medical advice, but they never discovered any problems. 
As he got older, he occasionally vomited as well, so Richard and Bobby's grandmother didn't take it too seriously. 
Christina, for some reason, remembered Keera's words, "...If he starts vomiting, you must take it seriously." 
This thought barely crossed her mind before Christina shook her head immediately, thinking she must be overreacting! 
How could she suddenly believe what Keera said? 
Keera wasn't a doctor! 
Christina helped Bobby up the stairs, coaxed him into eating dinner, and watched as the child fell asleep before leaving the room. 
As soon as she came out, her expression turned gloomy. 
Just then, the butler approached and said, "Madam, there are guests from the Olsen family." 
Christina walked briskly into the living room, only to see her third brother, James Olsen standing there. 
James was tall and well-built, with a similar appearance to Ellis, except without Ellis's enchanting aura. Instead, he had a more somber and sinister air about him. 
He worked for the Olsen Group, overseeing the project department. 
Ellis often smiled, but he looked like a demon king causing chaos in the world. 
James, however, was different; although he had a stern look, Christina knew that he despised evil and was always very good to her and Victoria. 
Therefore, upon seeing him, Christina's eyes immediately welled up with tears. 
James came today to deliver an invitation to the Murphy family. 
For some unknown reason, the Olsen family was to hold a grand banquet a week later. The specific reason was unclear, but their third uncle had assigned tasks to each of the brothers. 
The Murphy family, being in-laws, definitely needed to be treated with proper courtesy. 
But... what was wrong with Christina? She looked off. 
James immediately frowned. "What happened?" 
Christina didn't speak; she didn't know how to begin... 
Richard said, "What happened? Bobby was bullied at school! The new director made him stand crying in the courtyard in the cold wind. The kid just came home and threw up!" 
Upon hearing this, James was startled. "Isn't the director of the kindergarten someone from the Olsen family? Isn't Christina in charge?" 
Richard then turned his gaze to Christina. 
Christina looked down. "No, I think Ellis changed it." 
James frowned. "Who's the new director?" 
"Keera South." 
James had some impression of that name; after all, at Ellis's wedding, she was the bridesmaid. Led on by Christina's hints, he immediately misunderstood. "Are you saying Ellis gave the position to Keera out of regard for his wife's feelings?" 
Christina said, "It seems like it. Keera is a close friend to Mary, and ever since my brother married Mary, he doesn't consider me, his sister, important anymore..." 
Her eyes became red, and this time it wasn't an act; she genuinely felt aggrieved. 
Christina looked at James. "Would you do the same, James?" 
James said, "How could I possibly do that?! No matter what, our family has no daughter, and although you and Victoria were adopted, you're the same as if you were my real sisters! I've always treated you like one! Don't underestimate yourself!" 
Tears brimmed in Christina's eyes, and she felt even more moved, "James, before Mary married Ellis, there were indeed some misunderstandings between us. She doesn't like me, and I understand that. Now that she's the hostess of the house, it's okay for me to suffer some grievances, but Mary and Keera shouldn't take it out on the children..." 
James frowned. "You can't suffer grievances either! The daughter of the Olsen family should be cherished like a gem. Don't worry about this matter, I'll help you!" 
He stood up. "Alright, it's late today, and Bobby isn't feeling well, you all should get some rest." 
He patted Christina on the shoulder. "Don't worry. The daughter of the Olsen family cannot be mistreated, even the adopted ones!" 
Leaving these words, he headed straight out the door. 
After he left, Christina quietly sighed with relief. 
Given Uncle Olsen's attitude, it seemed he wouldn't acknowledge Keera as his daughter. In that case, she'd wait for James to take revenge for her! 
With that thought, she went upstairs. 
James exited the house and drove home. 
On the way, his assistant said, "Miss Olsen has always been spoiled. I think her conflict with the lady of the house is quite intense. Mr. James, are you sure you want to get involved?" 
James scoffed. "She's my sister; of course, I'll get involved!" 
The assistant couldn't help but say, "But I see Mr. Ellis is very attentive to his wife. He might not support you." 
James's brows knitted together. 
Soon, he arrived home. Seeing the light in the study on the second floor where his uncle was, he smiled. "If I can't handle my elder brother, I'll go to my uncle!"
###Chapter 375
375 Chapter 374 
The only person in the Olsen family who could control that big devil, Ellis, was Uncle Olsen. 
James was well aware of that. 
But after just taking a few steps, he stopped in his tracks. 
He furrowed his brows and suddenly turned to his assistant. "Last night, Ellis went out drinking on his wedding night. Has Mary come home yet?" 
The assistant immediately shook his head. "Not yet." 
James immediately hesitated. 
It seemed that there was something wrong between Ellis and Mary. They clearly cared about each other, yet there seemed to be some unresolved tension. If he went to complain to his uncle now, would it exacerbate the conflict between Ellis and Mary? 
After pondering for a moment, James finally said, "Forget it. I'll go to the kindergarten tomorrow!" 
... 
Mary indeed hadn't returned home. 
She and Rebecca were staying at the South residence, and that modest home suddenly felt even smaller, with both guest rooms fully occupied. 
Lewis was somewhat dissatisfied and couldn't help but complain when going to bed at night. "Do they have no homes of their own?" 
Keira was staring at her computer, typing away at something, and didn't bother to respond to him when she heard this. 
Lewis slowly walked behind Keira and caught a glimpse of the document's title: Kindergarten Reform Plan. 
It listed the current problems with the kindergarten and formulated a series of new rules. 
At the top of the list was the prohibition of snacks in the classrooms. 
No kindergarten did that! 
Seeing her being so serious, Lewis couldn't help but ask, "Are you really invested in this?" 
Keira nodded. "Since I've taken this on, I have to be serious. Besides, Amy is almost three years old, and she's going to need to go to school eventually. How can I be at ease if I don't create a good environment for her?" 
Lewis nodded and didn't try to stop her anymore. 
Keira was always like that. No matter what she did, she would take it seriously and be responsible. 
Otherwise, she could never have managed to work her way up, whether as a repair worker, a cook, or as a courier... to eventually become successful. 
Lewis watched her, always feeling like there were aspects of her identity he didn't know about. 
When Keira finally finished the document and set the latest regulations, she stretched languidly. 
Lewis immediately looked at her with eager eyes. 
Keira raised her eyebrows. "Tonight, I have plans to do facemasks with Mary and Rebecca." 
Lewis was dumbfounded. 
Before he could speak, Keira already left the room. 
Lewis could only lie down, took out his phone, and saw a message from Ellis. "Is Mary at your place?" 
Lewis immediately gritted his teeth in frustration. "Can you take your wife back?" 
That night, Keira didn't return. After applying facemasks with Mary and Rebecca, the three of them ended up sleeping together in one room. 
Keira slept soundly and woke up refreshed the next day. But as soon as she stepped out of the room, she got a fright when she saw Lewis standing there with heavy dark circles under his eyes. He was looking at her with a woeful gaze. 
His voice was somber. "The feeling of being embraced from both sides must be nice, right?" 
Keira was speechless. 
... 
After breakfast, Keira asked Mary and Rebecca to stay home and watch the kids, while Lewis drove her straight to the kindergarten. 
Today was Wednesday, and the kindergarten held a meeting every mid-week. 
Keira planned to use this time to announce the newly planned regulations to all the teachers. 
10 a.m. 
In every classroom, one teacher stayed behind while the rest, particularly those who had previously skulked around and plotted with Christina, were organized by the principal to enter the meeting room. 
Keira sat at the head of the table, looked at everyone, and without saying anything, distributed copies of the system she had devised yesterday to everyone present. 
She then said, "From now on, everyone in the kindergarten will follow these rules. Does anyone have any ions?" 
The veteran staff were just about to raise their hands when they heard Keira slowly say, "If you have ions, keep them to yourself, or get out. I don't care how you used to conduct yourselves under Christina's leadership, but while I'm here, you'll abide by my rules, and there will be no more ranking of children into different classes!" 
Someone still couldn't help but speak up, "But the children at our school are all of extraordinary status. Are we really going to treat them all the same without any distinction?" 
"Indeed." 
Keira looked at them. "Children come to school to learn, not to find a sense of presence. Furthermore, expelling students at will is no longer allowed!" 
The other teachers immediately lowered their heads and said no more. 
However, at that moment, the office door was suddenly pushed open. 
Immediately after, James strode in, followed by Christina and Bobby. 
After entering, James found a seat and sat down arrogantly. "Miss Keera, is it? I've come today to demand an explanation from you!" 
Keira glanced at Christina and then at the man who bore a resemblance to Ellis, guessing he might be a cousin from the Olsen family. 
Yet with a cold look in her eyes, she said indifferently, "What sort of explanation?" 
James pointed to the kindergarten rules projected on the big screen set by Keira. "I see your first rule is about not abusing children. So, does yesterday's incident, where you made Bobby stand outside crying, count as corporal punishment?" 
The principal immediately responded, "That wasn't punishment. Bobby just couldn't stop crying, and having him stay in the classroom would disrupt the other children, so he was taken outside to be comforted..." 
Within the kindergarten, the children were all very young. 
One child crying had the potential to upset many others. 
Therefore, taking a crying child outside was actually a common practice. 
Moreover, Bobby was particularly unruly yesterday, which had tried Keira's patience enough to want to discipline him a little... 
James sneered, "So in the future, if a child doesn't behave, they can be taken outside to be soothed? What's the difference between that and punishment?" 
His gaze fixed on Keira, and his eyes were filled with ruthlessness. "Moreover, your kindergarten made my child stand outside, cry, and catch a cold, resulting in him vomiting non-stop when he got home last night. I need an explanation for this incident! Otherwise..." 
James cocked his head, looking at Keira with a sinister smile. 
Although he didn't finish his sentence, it still sent a chill down everyone's spine. 
The principal was frightened, her face pale as she turned to look at Keira. 
Keira remained seated steadily; she looked down and replied, "Bobby only cried a few times yesterday in the yard and stood for about ten minutes. His vomiting isn't because he cried but because he has a brain tumor. Have you been to the hospital yet?" 
"You're still here talking nonsense!" 
Christina stared at Keira. "Are you a doctor?" 
"No." 
"Then on what basis do you say my son has a brain tumor?!" 
Of course, it was because Keira's current research included exactly this issue! 
Keira had encountered countless child patients with brain tumors, and every symptom of Bobby fit the profile of a patient! 
She was certain that he was ill. 
Yet just as she thought of this, James suddenly stood up with a violent motion, using both hands to overturn the table in front of him. 
The loud crashing noise caused a great commotion in the room, startling all the teachers. 
However, Keira's first reaction was to look at Bobby. 
Patients with brain tumors were extremely sensitive to sound, and sure enough, she saw Bobby covering his ears in fright, his face turning pale...
###Chapter 376
Bobby’s face went pale, his throat moved slightly as if he was going to throw up again…” 
As Keira observed him, James had said angrily, “Keera, is it? You’re casually cursing the kindergarten children to fall ill. I think you’re up to no good! I’m not done with you over today’s incident!” 
Christina stood to the side, arms folded, looking at Keira with a smug expression. “Keera, I know you’re good at fighting because you brought down our bodyguards yesterday, but James is a Kick-boxing champion!” 
She stared at Keira with arrogance and bullying intent, only focused on revenge and completely oblivious to her son’s current odd state. 
Keira looked at them and found it laughable. 
The principal immediately stepped forward, worried Keira would get hurt, and said, “Mr. Olsen, there has been a misunderstanding. Let’s calm down and talk about how to handle this matter… Fighting won’t solve anything!” 
< 
James glared at her and said, “Fine, then I want the teacher who punished Bobby yesterday to kneel and apologize, and also, to retract the expulsion notice and let him continue attending classes.”
After that, he turned toward Keira. “Miss Keera, may ask who was it that dragged him out of the classroom yesterday?” 
The principal was about to say something, but Keira had already said, “It was me.” 
“Then you must apologize to my child!” 
I 
James moved his neck and wrists slightly. “I have a bad temper, so don’t force me to lay hands on you!” 
Keira scoffed. 
A Kick-boxing champion, huh? 
It seemed like she herself hadn’t had a good fight for quite some time! 
She stood up, intending to set up a private place to spar with James so as not to wreck the conference room, but just then, a teacher hurried into the room, went up to the principal, pulled out a phone, and began to whisper something 
< 
The principal was instantly shocked.
She quickly approached Keira, lowered her voice, and said, “Director Keera, I don’t know who is live streaming here, but they’ve broadcasted the situation inside the meeting room online!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira frowned slightly. 
She immediately looked at the principal’s phone and indeed saw someone live streaming, but the camera was focused on their feet, not showing any faces, so there was no issue of infringing on portrait rights. 
Following the live stream’s angle, Keira immediately spotted the teacher holding the phone towards them… 
The principal quickly approached the person. “Who allowed you to live stream the meeting?!” 
The teacher, now discovered, wasn’t annoyed but simply glanced at Christina and righteously said, “I just couldn’t stand watching you guys mistreat a child, so I wanted to expose the kindergarten’s dirty laundry! I know that after today, I won’t be able to stay at this school anymore, but that’s okay, the world always needs someone like me to speak the truth…” 
So what if she ended un with no ich later? 
< 
Christina had already given her enough money to live 
on!
Indeed, this live streaming was Christina’s scheme. 
With James coming to cause trouble and Christina starting the livestream, the kindergarten would immediately face a reputation crisis, and then the school’s directors would hold Keera responsible. 
Even the formidable Olsen family had to care about their image; eventually, Keera would have to step down. As the victim and the only one in the Olsen family with a child attending the school, wouldn’t her position as a school director come back to Christina? 
Christina had thought it through very clearly, and a smile lingered on her lips. 
Keira looked at the live stream only to see that many people were buzzing with excitement. A lot of them had poured in, and the popularity was obviously unnatural, indicating that someone had purchased trending spots. 
The barrage of comments were all insulting Keera. 
that? 
What kind of director is this, treating a child like 
My God, that child is only five or six years old, right? Forced out of the classroom and left outside in the cold wind? The teacher is utterly outrageous! 
Doesn’t anyone else find the child’s parent a bit
handsome? 
Although he was rude in overturning the table, when you think about it, it makes sense. If my child were bullied, I’d want to blow up their kindergarten. 
Unaware of the true situation, the on-looking crowd in the livestream was having a blast. 
The principal immediately said angrily, “Turn off the livestream right now!” 
That was the only method she could think of to quickly suppress the rising popularity! 
But the teacher shook her head. “No, the viewers in my channel won’t agree to that! Everyone wants the 
kindergarten to give an explanation!” 
The comments kept coming. 
Right, why shut down the live stream? Is there something you’re trying to hide? 
The kindergarten’s child abuse case is a major issue that everyone should be concerned about. I’ve already called the police, you’re welcome! 
After so many years, kindergartens keep having these types of incidents, it’s really incessant, I don’t understand how such unethical teachers can graduate from early childhood education specializations. 
People who mistreat children deserve to die. I curse that your children will encounter the same
situation! 
James frowned. 
He hadn’t expected live streaming to be involved. 
After all, the Olsen family was a director of the kindergarten, and such a scandal going public was bad for their reputation. He was about to snatch the teacher’s phone to stop the livestream when Christina grabbed his arm and whispered. 
< 
“James, things have developed this far, and if we cut off 
the live stream now, who knows what might happen? I think the best solution now is for everyone to admit their mistakes on camera, to downplay this incident to nothing at all…” 
James looked at her with a frown. “Are you willing to 
take this loss? 
“Just apologize and let go of the person who bullied your own child?” 
Christina sighed. “For the sake of the Olsen family’s reputation, let’s just do that…”
James pondered for a moment and then agreed. “Alright, you’re letting her off easy. But don’t worry, I’ll make it up to you in another way!” 
After that, James looked at Keira and said, “Alright, we’re not unreasonable people. You come over and make a proper apology to the child and retract the expulsion notice, and we’ll let bygones be bygones! We won’t pursue the kindergarten’s responsibility 
anymore!”
###Chapter 377
James felt that he had already stepped back several times, and Miss Keera should have taken the hint and cooperated by now.” 
But to his surprise, Keira was still staring straight at him. “I reprimanded him outside because he tore up a classmate’s drawing and made outrageous comments in the classroom. Taking him aside to scold him a bit is my responsibility and duty as a teacher! Isn’t it for teachers to help educate your children when you send them to school?” 
Keira looked at Christina. “When parents fail to teach their children, leaving them to act like bullies at school, then it falls on the teachers to properly discipline them!” 
James’s face turned an ashen hue with anger. 
He knew all too well what kind of kid Bobby was— naughty and lawless, but what could he do when Christina was the daughter of the Olsen family? 
A child should be disciplined by their own family, not by others! 
What was more… 
James glared vehemently at Keira. “Is your idea of discipline to scare him, make him cry in the yard, and then have him going home to throw up at night? That’s corporal punishment!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira scoffed. “I told you, his
vomiting is due to his illness, a brain tumor, which has nothing to do with me. Don’t you understand plain English?” 
“You!” 
James was itching to lash out! 
y 
But it was a live broadcast, and he couldn’t really hit someone without regard for his image. If he a got physical, then they would be the ones at fa 
James didn’t speak, but Christina did, “Miss Keer son is very healthy. He gets a check-up every six months, and we have a family doctor. I know better than you whether he’s sick or not, so don’t talk nonsense here. It sounds to me like you are just making excuses for yourself!”” 
Christina began to cry. “Am I not just having some 
norconal grievances with you? How could you take it 
out on a child? Children are innocent!” 
As she cried, the live broadcast room immediately exploded with comments. 
–So it’s because there’s a conflict between the child’s parents and the teacher! 
–I really want to rush in and hit someone! Who cares about their own child more than you? This is way 
too much! 
–This person isn’t fit to be a teacher. Didn’t someone just call her Director Keera? She must be a chairman. Which kindergarten is it? Let’s report her!
While a crowd of people were furiously hurling abuse in the live chat, sirens could be heard from outs 
Then two police officers walked in/ “We’ve just received a report, claiming there was a child abuse incident occurring here. Is that true?” 
The live broadcast chat immediately filled with 
celebratory comments. 
–Who’s the darling that called the police? Truly a hero for the people! 
—Officer, it’s that director. She’s bullying someone’s 
child! Take her away quickly and teach her a harsh 
lesson! 
——I can feel the light has arrived! The messengers of justice are here… 
-People who bully someone else’s child should die! They were born evil! 
.. 
Keira looked at the policemen and was about to speak when James had already approached her. 
The man was a full head taller than her and with a robust build. Standing beside her, his oppressive presence felt like a small mountain. 
He said, “Miss Keera, I know you have a good 
relationship with my sister-in-law, and I don’t want to make things difficult for her. If you apologize now, and we all take a step back, I will let this matter go. How about it?”
Keira looked at the big, foolish man and suddenly felt that there must be a reason for his 
simple-mindedness, after all… 
“Did God close the window to your intelligence?” 
James was taken aback and didn’t immediately grasp what she was saying, so he stared at her blankly, 
“What?” 
Keira cleared her throat. “You really are a martial practitioner with a simple mind and well-developed limbs!” 
James was shocked 
He understood that! 
His face turned the color of liver as he said, “You are so ungrateful, then don’t blame me for being impolite!” 
After saying that, he looked toward the police. 
He was just about to speak but then hesitated for a moment and turned his head back to look at Keira again, wanting to give her another chance. 
He wouldn’t go easy on hitting someone. 
But when it really came down to calling the police, people of their standing would be cautious. 
Unexpectedly, when he turned his head, he didn’t see Keira looking guilty, which made James even angrier. In the moment of his hesitation, Christina had already spoken un. “Yes Officer it’s Keera she abused my son
yesterday!” 
The officer took out a pen and notebook, and asked, “How was he abused?” 
Christina started crying, recounting the events and shifting all the blame onto Keira, and then she said, “She didn’t just bully my son, causing him to vomit when he got back home at night, but she also issued a notice of expulsion for my son. This is clearly the same as expelling us! I want to ask, do kindergartens have the right to expel children at will?” 
After taking notes, the officer looked back at Keira with a much more serious expression, “Miss Keera, is what this lady said true?” 
Keira was at a loss. She hadn’t expected such a simple matter to blow up like this! 
She said, “Officer, the child vomited because he has a brain tumor. I issued the notice of expulsion to let him stay home to recuperate. After all, this illness cannot be cured any time soon…” 
She didn’t tell them everything. 
The illness might never get better. 
Bobby might not live until next year… 
As she said this, Christina screamed again. “Officer, did you hear that? She’s still here cursing my son!! She’s a lunatic. As the child’s mother, I cannot accept this 
insult. Officer, you must take her away. I want to hold her responsible for all of this!!” 
The two officers, upon hearing this, looked straight at Keira, rebuking her. “Miss Keera, please be careful with your words! Do not verbally insult others!”
Keira said, “I didn’t curse him. What I said was true.” 
The officer then looked up and down at Bobby. The boy was chubby and seemingly very healthy, just a bit pale in the face… 
Christina then said, “Officer, my son vomited 
he was bullied by her, that’s why he looks a bit today.” 
The officer looked back at Keira. “Miss Keera, did y see his medical records? Otherwise, on what basis di you issue the notice of expulsion?” 
Keira said, “I judged based on his behavior! He…” 
Before she could finish, she was interrupted by the 
officer. “What behavior? Are you a doctor? Can you arbitrarily diagnose a student’s condition? If you’re not, then you have no right to say that! Miss Keera, the 
mother of this student claims he’s not sick, and there’s 
no evidence to prove he is, so we now suspect you of 
child abuse. Please come with us!”
###Chapter 378
Keira was shocked. 
She was stunned by these words and quickly waved her hands, “No, he really is sick…” 
+15 
“You’re the one who’s sick, your whole family is sick! Your family registry has ‘sick written all over it!” Christina could no longer hold back, even in the presence of the police, she burst out with insults. “My Bobby is healthy and well. How can you curse him with such baseless accusations? And repeatedly, it’s just 
non-stop!!” 
The police also felt it was too much. “Miss Keera, that’s enough. Please come with us!” 
Even the live broadcast audience erupted in applause. 
Keira was speechless. 
She was truly at a loss, so she took a deep breath and turned to the police. “How about we take the child to the hospital for a checkup? After we get the results, you can take me away, okay?” 
The police frowned and looked at Christina. 
Christina scoffed. “I said there’s no need! To detect a brain tumor, you need a CT scan, which has radiation! Why should I agree to a test just because of your words?!”
James also spoke up, “Keera, stop making a scene here. Just go with the police and undergo an investigation!” 
After that, he turned to the police. “Officer, our child won’t accept any mediation! She’s not only suspected of child abuse but has also said such things, infringing upon our child’s right to reputation. We will pursue all of these issues to the end!!” 
The police nodded. “We understand.” 
Keira was speechless. 
She suddenly realized that she indeed had been rash. 
If Christina refused to do the examination, and Bobby’s brain tumor couldn’t be diagnosed, then would her false accusation of child abuse and wrongful expulsion of a student become reality?! 
1 
Originally, she was just trying to be kind, hoping they would perform an early checkup for early detection and treatment. But now, she had dug a hole for herself. 
She was caught between laughter and tears, finding herself at an impasse. 
She couldn’t actually let the police detain her until Bobby’s illness manifested, could she?
And what if Bobby’s illness didn’t emerge for another month? Was she supposed to spend a month in jail?! 
After pondering for a moment, Keira looked at Bobby again. Seeing his pale face and his chest rising and falling heavily, she moved toward the police officer. 
But in the next moment, she suddenly turned around and picked Bobby up in her arms. 
“Bobby!” 
“What are you doing?!” 
“Stop, let him go!” 
Keira, however, looked at them calmly, only pulling out a pen and pressing it against Bobby’s neck, coldly shouting, “Don’t come any closer!” 
The crowd immediately stopped in their tracks. 
The police looked at her. “Miss Keera, what exactly are you trying to do?” 
< 
James also extended his hand. “Let the child go. We can talk about it!” 
Christina’s legs seemed to give way, and she almost fainted. She screamed, “Keera, come at me if you must! Don’t target my child!”
Keira stared at them steadfastly. “I can let the child go, but I want to take him for a CT scan!” 
Christina was dumbfounded. 
The nearby officer was also stunned, and even James looked at her uncomprehendingly. “Have you lost your mind? You’re still insisting on this?!” 
Keira, ruthless in her actions, pressed the pen against Bobby’s neck. 
Bobby immediately burst into terrified wails. 
Christina hastily agreed. “Fine, do it! Do the CT scan!” 
Keira looked at the police. “I won’t harm this child. Get the car ready.” 
The live broadcast room erupted in chaos. 
–My God, has this teacher gone mad? 
–Is she making a last stand, or does she want to take 
66.30 
< 
someone down with her before she dies? 
–I can’t understand her actions at all!
–Someone call the police and shoot her down! She 
abused a child, and now she dares to do this! 
… 
Keira, with Bobby in tow, got into a police car. 
The car quickly took them to the nearest hospital. 
Christina and James also rushed over, and even the teacher responsible for the live broadcast followed. 
The incident had escalated, even making the news. 
Everyone was watching them, so as the police car arrived at the hospital, the hospital staff immediately arranged a secure passage. 
Keira, holding the child hostage, entered. 
At this point, Christina could no longer care about fighting for the position on the school board, she followed closely behind Olsen. 
As they entered, they saw Victoria, who had somehow 
arrived before them Christina almost collanded onto 
her. “Victoria, that woman is a lunatic, a lunatic!” 
Victoria patted her on the back. “Sister, calm down, this situation has blown up, and the internet is in an uproar. Uncle Olsen and Ellis have heard about it, and they’re on their way here. Don’t worry, Bobby will be 
fine!” 
It was only upon hearing this that Christina heaved a sigh of relief. 
The group proceeded to the CT room, and the police looked at Keira. “We’ve arrived, Miss Keera. please hand over the child to us. Otherwise, how can we perform the CT scan?” 
However, Keira just sneered. “I’ll accompany him 
inside.” 
If she didn’t watch them do the CT scan with her own eyes and hand over the boy, Christina would certainly take the child and leave immediately! 
The police officers were dumbfounded. 
In their years of service, they had really never seen such a request. 
So, the doctor brought over protective clothing, and 
< 
Keira wore the heavy gear, taking Bobby with her into 
the CT room. 
The imaging machine began operating. 
It immediately took a CT scan of Bobby’s head. 
After the imaging was done, Keira finally let go. 
Almost the instant she released her grip, two policemen rushed in and subdued her! 
Christina charged in as well, and if she hadn’t been held back, she would have already been hitting and kicking. “You vile woman, it’s all because of you! My son has been exposed to radiation! I’m telling you, I’m not done with you! Officer, take her away quickly! She held a child hostage; you must punish her severely!” 
Christina’s face twisted with ferocity, so angry she wa nearly exploding. 
In the live broadcast, the audience was indignant. 
–She’s such a scourge on society, unfit to be a 
teacher! 
–And to think she’s up for a school board position! 
Fire her! 
Keira allowed the police to subdue her, offering no resistance. Hearing Christina’s words, she just looked at the officers. “Officers, now that the CT is done, is it possible to see the results?”
The officers didn’t know what to say. 
The two officers exchanged glances, momentarily at a loss for words. 
Christina cursed Keera. “Look at what results? My son will be fine! You psycho, I’ll make sure you rot in jail!” 
But just as she said this, the CT room’s doctor suddenly 
rushed in…
###Chapter 379
A kidnapping had occurred here, and the police were controlling the scene. 
The doctor rushing in like this was actually quite 
unsafe. 
After seeing him, the police immediately said, “Doctor, please step back!” 
Keira was handcuffed, and at this moment, she had no room to resist, but her recent action of seizing the child was so efficient that two police officers knew she was highly skilled. 
That’s why they issued a warning. 
But the doctor held the CT scan in his hand and shouted, “The results of the CT scan have come out!” 
Upon hearing this, Christina glared at Keira viciously. “Keera, you exposed my son to radiation and caused him harm. I won’t let this go!” 
The teacher who was live streaming was pointing her 
phone at them at this moment. 
Meanwhile, the barrage of comments in the livestream 
was full of insults, cursing Keira for lacking a teacher’s ethics, being unfit to be a teacher, and so on. 
But just then, Bobby’s eyes rolled back, and he fainted to the floor. 
Christina was holding him, and when he went limp with his heavy body, she couldn’t stabilize him, causing him to fall to the ground. 
“Bobby? Bobby! What’s wrong with you!” 
Christina immediately bent over and crouched down, shaking Bobby, and even glared viciously at Keira. “It must be you! What have you done to Bobby?!” 
Keira’s arms were twisted behind her back by the police, and at this moment, she appeared quite disheveled. The police, fearing she might attempt to escape, gripped her tightly, hurting her arms. 
On hearing these words, she was already extremely 
irritated. 
If she had known it would come to this, she would 
rather not have mentioned it at all. 
But now she had to clarify the situation and spoke up, “I was holding him under police surveillance the whole 
!~~time. What could I possibly do?” 
Christina immediately shouted. “Then he must have 
been frightened! You scared him!”
James also furrowed his brows and cursed. “Keera, the Olsen family won’t let you get away with this!” 
Keira responded coldly, “Let’s first hear what the doctor has to say.” 
Everyone then turned their attention to the doctor. 
They saw the doctor staring at the scan in his hand, nervously addressing them, “Who is the child’s parent?” 
“It’s me, me!” 
Christina called out, “Doctor, please check what’s wrong with my son! Was he scared?” 
The doctor immediately wiped the sweat from his forehead and handed the scan to Christina. “Please take a good look. Your son has a tumor in his brain.” 
“…What?!” 
Christina’s eyes widened in disbelief as she looked at him, “That’s… impossible!” 
The doctor pointed to the shadowy area on the scan. “Look here, the tumor is not yet large and is only pressing on a nerve, but we’ve retrieved your child’s medical records and found that he didn’t have this six months ago, which indicates that the tumor is growing very fast. Thankfully, it was discovered in time. We can still intervene now, but if it were any later, even gods would be powerless to help!” 
After saying that, the doctor immediately looked toward the nurse. “Quick, take the child to the emergency room!” 
The nearby nurses rushed over, brought a gurney, placed Bobby on it, and immediately took him away. 
As a mother, Christina was stunned upon hearing results, and at that moment, she even forgot abou Keira. She just stood there dumbfounded, following along as they left.
Soon, the CT room quieted down. 
Only the teacher who was live streaming remained, stunned in place, while inside the live stream, chaos 
ensued. 
-What 
–My God, I never expected the situation to take 
such a turn!! 
——A kindergarten director who could tell at a glance that the child has a brain tumor? 
–The key point is, from the beginning to now, it seemed that this director and the parent had some personal dispute, but even so, the director still pointed out that there was something wrong with her child…. 
-What kind of kindergarten is this? It’s just too responsible, isn’t it? 
–The kindergarten is called Sunflower International 
Kindergarten… 
–I looked up the price, goodbye, it’s not something can afford. 
–On the contrary, I feel that if I had kids, I’d rather spend more money to send them to this kindergarten. Isn’t it better than a regular kindergarten? 
The comments in the live broadcast room suddenly
showed a complete reversal of opinions. 
In the CT room, the group of people was still in a state of shock. 
Keira shifted her shoulders. “Officers, can you let me go now?” 
The police officers were startled. 
The two immediately released her and apologized. “Sorry, we misunderstood you.” 
“It’s not your fault.” 
Keira stretched the arm they had been pulling, feeling 
a bit sore. 
Indeed, it wasn’t the police’s fault. When Bobby didn’t have a hospital case, her unilateral decision to expel him was actually against the rules. 
It was just that she had arrogantly thought at the time that every parent would be anxious about their own 
child. 
After she made that statement, she had assumed Christina would definitely take Bobby to see a doctor… 
She really hadn’t expected things to develop to this 
stage.
The two officers gave Keira a formal apology and, after clarifying everything in the live broadcast room, chose to leave. 
At this point, Keira raised her head and looked at the teacher who had been live-streaming, saying, “You live-streamed the affairs of the kindergarten without permission, violating its policies. You’re fired!” 
The teacher hurriedly shut down the live broadcast and fled. 
Keira then walked out. 
After taking a few steps, she noticed someone nearby; she turned her head and then saw James standing there, frowning at her. 
When she looked over, James coughed and said. 
“Thanks.” 
Keira snorted. “I don’t take the credit.” 
Then she left without another word. 
She wouldn’t indulge a brother who condones 
Christina’s bad behavior. 
Seeing her like this, James scoffed. 
If she didn’t take the credit, then she didn’t. Did he really think his gratitude was sincere? 
If it weren’t for the conflict that had arisen between 
Keera and his younger sister, would he suspect her of retaliation?
Ever since he was young, James had always wanted a sister. There was a bunch of annoying younger 
brothers who were anything but gentle, so when the Olsen family adopted Victoria and Christina, he treated them very well. 
However, he still felt there was something missing. 
After all, they weren’t blood-related… 
Thinking of this, James sighed in disappointment and 
walked out. 
He soon arrived home and happened to see Ellis, who was about to leave. Remembering the uproar that had peaked on the trending searches today, Ellis would surely have noticed. 
James coughed and said, “Ellis, um, I accidentally offended your wife’s friend today. I’d like to apologize…” 
Upon hearing this, Ellis laughed and said, “You don’t need to apologize to me. You didn’t offend your sister-in-law’s friend; you better hurry up and go see our third uncle to take your punishment!”
###Chapter 380
James was confused. 
1 
He felt he didn’t understand this sentence. 
Having offended Keera, why should he go to Uncle Olsen to admit his fault? 
He hesitantly looked toward Ellis, furrowing his brows as he asked, “Is there some special relationship between Keera and Uncle Olsen?” 
“Yes!” 
“What kind of relationship is that?” 
“Why don’t you go and ask Uncle Olsen yourself, then you’ll know.” 
Leaving that comment behind, Ellis headed straight out. “I have other things to take care of; I won’t talk to you now.” 
“Hey, Ellis, what could you possibly have to do?” 
James called out with a question. 
Ellis, who was walking out, didn’t reply when he heard this. 
|||
? 
What could he possibly have to do? 
Of course, it was to pick up Mary and bring her home! 
He didn’t look for her last night, and she really didn’t come back. Could the mistress of the Olsen family really stay out like this?! 
Ellis quickly arrived at the South family’s place. 
After the servant opened the door, he saw Mary patiently feeding Amy complementary food; she held a spoon, scraping apple puree into Amy’s mouth. 
Then, looking at Amy with a smile, she was full of love and care. 
She liked children a lot. 
That realization suddenly made Ellis’s temper flare up. 
He didn’t have the ability to give her a child… 
Ellis’s face suddenly darkened as he strode right up to her. “Mary, are you having a good time here?” 
Mary first felt a shadow cast beside her, and immediately the man’s icy voice came through, startling her.
She turned her head and, upon seeing Ellis, she 
111 
< 
promptly stood up. “What are you doing here?” 
Ellis scoffed. “Of course, I came to see how my wife is enjoying herself out here!” 
Mary listened to his sarcastic tone with her eyes cast down, and she remained silent. 
Again with that attitude… 
Ellis felt an indescribable anger rising within him. He suddenly grabbed Mary’s chin, forcing her to look up at him. “Mary, tell me, do you think it’s a joke that I don’t have the ability to give you a child?!” 
Mary felt her chin was almost going to burst from his grip as she endured the pain and said, “I’ve never thought that way.” 
“Then why did you bring this bastard to humiliate me?!” 
Ellis’s eyes were unconsciously filled with tears. “I’ve already told you about my situation, yet you still insist that the child is mine… Heh, I conceded, and now you put on such a wronged expression!” 
He felt an extreme sense of aggrievement inside! 
He was forced to wear the cuckold’s cap because he
09.33 
demeaned himself and because he couldn’t stand to see Mary getting whipped, so even knowing it was the Davis family’s ploy to force him, he admitted it in the 
end. 
And what was the result? 
Mary didn’t show the slightest bit of gratitude; on the contrary, she became increasingly distant and cold toward him, even demanding a divorce on their wedding night! 
Was he really that easy to bully? 
Hearing his words, Mary slowly looked up at him. “Ellis, did you come here to say all that?” 
Ellis paused briefly, then stubbornly said, “Of course not. If Uncle Olsen hadn’t told me to pick you up, do you think I would have come?!” 
He quickly let go of her, pushing Mary slightly forward. 
Then, he took out a handkerchief as if he found his own fingers dirty, wiping them off. 
Every one of his movements twisted Mary’s heart fiercely… 
He despised her. 
06 33
< 
Yes, he misunderstood her as a promiscuous woman, 
and that was why he despised her… 
This realization made Mary’s face turn pale. 
She gave a bitter smile. “I stayed outside because I thought you didn’t want to see me…” 
“I indeed do not want to see you.” Ellis stared at her as if wanting to attack her with the most vicious language 
possible to alleviate the pain in his heart. “However, as a newlywed couple, not living together doesn’t reflect well on Olsen Group’s shares. As the future family head of the Olsen family, every word and action of mine represents the Olsen family. If journalists find out you live here, how would they spin our story?” 
Mary hesitated. 
Ellis then spoke again. “Will you go back to the Olsen family obediently, or do we divorce right now?” 
How could Mary possibly want a divorce on the spot? 
Keera still needed her to be married to find her 
mother…. 
Mary gripped her fingers tightly, feeling a surge of humiliation. She closed her eyes and took a deep
< 
breath. “Fine, I’ll go back tonight.” 
Ellis stared at her for a long while before finally snorting coldly and turning to leave. 
Just as he reached the doorway, he suddenly saw Keira 
and Lewis returning, both standing there. 
Keira looked at him with cold eyes, while Lewis stood behind her, looking very obedient… 
Ellis suddenly felt somewhat embarrassed. 
He didn’t speak and walked past Keira. 
But Keira suddenly said, “You learned about today’s kindergarten incident, didn’t you?” 
“Yes.” Ellis thought she was talking about Christina and said, “Don’t worry, my third uncle also knows about it and will punish Christina and James to give you an explanation.” 
At this point, he paused. “James’s punishment will probably be heavier, and as for Christina, the decision might be to expel her because the Olsen family has their true ‘treasured girl’ now…” 
Keira, hearing these words, showed no reaction and still gazed at him. “That’s not what I mean. I mean,
< 
some people clearly have a disease but insist they 
don’t. While others…” 
She scanned Ellis up and down, lowering her eyes. 
“Some people clearly don’t have a disease, yet insist they do!” 
Ellis was perplexed. 
He frowned, his face turning unpleasant. 
Keira slowly said, “I’ve researched patients with oligospermia and azoospermia; they often can’t perform in bed. Some even need medication to cope, but from what I heard from Mary, you’re alright in that department.” 
Ellis was shocked. 
His face flushed immediately. “Don’t spew such obscene words here! Lewis, won’t you control her?!” 
Lewis said, “Are you impotent?” 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
Furious, he left with a flick of his sleeve!
Ellis angrily got into the car, and once seated in the back, he finally calmed down, the embarrassment and 
09.34 
anger on his face gone. 
Oligospermia and azoospermia… not able to perform? 
But the two times with Mary, he was very capable! 
So… 
Ellis suddenly furrowed his brows and looked at the driver. “Take me to the hospital.” 
The driver asked, “Mr. Ellis, to which hospital?” 
Ellis pondered for a moment, dismissing his own family’s hospital, and finally decided on an 
international one. 
The driver immediately drove there. 
Ellis secretly entered the hospital this time, disguisin his identity. After sampling on the equipment, he personally handed it to the testing doctor. 
He intended to monitor the whole process today! 
To ensure that the results were beyond doubt this
time!
###Chapter 381
Ellis’s identity was special, and he was willing to spend money; therefore, he kept a close eye on the entire process of the testing. 
From sample collection to sending it to the testing room, at every step, he watched carefully. 
Even though he didn’t understand what the doctors were doing, he could prevent someone from swapping the samples and ensure that the doctors didn’t tamper with anything. 
And so it went, right up to the last step. 
The test results were uploaded to the computer, finally providing an answer. 
Throughout the entire testing process, the doctor even joked while looking at his sample. “With this thickness, there shouldn’t be any problems!” 
These words gave Ellis a lot of confidence. 
“So, I really don’t have any problems, do I?” 
He sat in the room, waiting for the final results. 
As soon as the results from the equipment were transmitted to the computer, he leaned in and asked anxiously, “Doctor, how is it?”
The doctor looked at the results on the computer, and his expression changed instantly. 
Seeing his reaction, Ellis couldn’t help but clench his fingers. 
The doctor glanced at him, looked back at the results, and after another uncertain look at him, he finally spoke, “It’s… azoospermia.” 
Ellis’s eyebrows immediately furrowed. 
A deep sense of disappointment suddenly arose from 
the bottom of his heart. 
If that doctor hadn’t teased him during the testing, if Keira hadn’t repeatedly emphasized that he wasn’t 
sick, he might not have held out such high hopes. 
Now, seeing this result, although it was expected, he still found it somewhat hard to accept! 
He clenched his fists tightly, and his demeanor was so intense that it frightened the doctor. 
The doctor’s face turned nale. “Mr. Ellis… vou…” 
09.24 
< 
Ellis stared at him. “Some things can be said, and some things must not be spoken of. Understand?”
The doctor hastily swallowed, nodded, and said, “I 
understand, I understand.” 
With that, Ellis left the room. 
After he was gone, the doctor couldn’t help but wipe the cold sweat from his forehead. 
He was as pale as paper and was exuding an unusual 
terror. 
The assistant couldn’t help but say, “Why do I feel that this result is incorrect? His semen appeared to be fine! 
Plus, generally speaking, men with oligospermia have weak energy, but just now, Mr. Ellis seemed full of masculine vigor…” 
“Shut up!” 
The doctor immediately scolded, leaving the assistant 
confused. 
The doctor wiped the cold sweat from his forehead again, and only then did the assistant realize that there was something seriously wrong with him. “Are you… are you scared of something?” 
09.34 
Fixated on the computer, the doctor said, “Keep 
today’s matter to yourself. No matter who asks, don’t speak a word of it, got it?” 
The assistant nodded, “Understood.” 
“All right, get out.” 
The assistant left the room. 
The doctor then took a deep breath and continued to stare at the computer screen, where Ellis’s information was registered long ago. 
The assistant, being a recent graduate, didn’t 
understand. 
But the seasoned doctor knew that there existed a 
terrifying medical organization in the world, whose ranking among doctors was only heard of, yet not even the name of the organization was known to them. 
That formidable medical organization could monitor the entire world’s medical systems. 
Mr. Ellis didn’t know who he had offended, leading to his information being registered, so no matter where he went for testing, the result would always be the 
<
same! 
Azoospermia! 
Was that sinister medical organization toying with Mr. 
Ellis? 
Or was there some other reason? 
The doctor had just thought of this when he suddenly realized that he was actually second-guessing the intentions of that organization, which scared him. He immediately patted his chest. “I don’t know anything. I’m just an ordinary doctor… 
The examination process took several hours, and the time Ellis left, it was already dark. 
He sat in the car and suddenly let out a bitter laug 
Was he once again seeking humiliation?! 
He snorted and looked out the window. 
The car quickly returned to the Olsen family. 
Ellis entered the study, opened a bottle of liquor, and gulped it down. Soon, the sound of vehicles came from 
outside. 
< 
He glanced out and saw that Mary had come home. 
After Mary got home, she slowly went upstairs, hesitated in front of the bedroom door for a moment, 
then opened the door. Not seeing Ellis inside, she let out a sigh of relief. 
But before she could fully relax, someone suddenly hugged her tightly from behind, a strong scent of alcohol enveloping her nose, making her stiff. 
She wanted to resist, but Ellis had already roughly picked her up, thrown her onto the bed, and began to tear off her clothes without care. 
Mary panicked. “Ellis, what are you doing? Let me 
Ellis, however, buried his head in her neck, kissing while his rough hands brutally tore her clothes… 
“Ellis!” 
Mary’s eyes widened in panic. “No, it will affect the 
child!” 
Child… 
Ellis paused for a moment, then the mockery in his eyes intensified. He stared at Mary. “That’s someone
else’s bastard. It’s better gone!” 
Then, regardless of Mary’s struggles and screams, he attempted to continue. 
Mary struck him in the face with a frantic slap! 
“Slap!” 
Ellis’s mind cleared somewhat, but he still glared at her fiercely. “Mary, don’t push me too far!” 
Tears rolled from the corners of Mary’s eyes. “I want this child, Ellis, please… don’t hurt it… I can compensate in other ways…” 
Ellis clenched his fists tightly and after a long moment, violently punched the air beside her! 
Mary turned her head slightly. 
Ellis abruptly got up. “Mary, remember, you owe me These ten months of marriage, you owe me!” 
… 
The lights were on in the master bedroom, and the silhouettes of two entangled figures flitted through th sheer window to the outside. 
James knelt in the ancestral hall of the Olsen family and could vaguely see it too. He couldn’t help but curl
719 
his lip. 
His big brother and sister-in-law sure had stamina! 
He moved his aching knees and then huffed 
indignantly. 
Until the next day. 
The door of the ancestral hall was slowly opened, and James, who had knelt all night, turned his head to see Uncle Olsen walking in. 
James, who practiced martial arts, had a sort of bandit air about him, somewhat similar to Uncle Olsen’s, and thus he admired him the most and had always been closest to him since childhood. 
At this moment, upon seeing him, James snorted defiantly from his nose. 
Uncle Olsen, seeing his demeanor, asked, “Do you know what you did wrong?” 
“I don’t.” 
James stiffened his neck. “The Olsen family teachings say, our own people shouldn’t be bullied. Uncle, you’re not fair! It was bad enough that you bullied me for an outsider, but to also drive Christina out of the house, I
69.34 
can’t accept it! Although Christina is our adopted sister, I’ve always treated her as my own!” 
Uncle Olsen, hearing this, glared. “What outsider? Do you even know who Keera is?!”
###Chapter 382
James dismissively retorted, “Who else could she be?” 
Suddenly, he remembered what Ellis had said to him last night. There was no need to apologize to his elder sister-in-law, just apologize to Uncle Olsen… 
He had gone to look for Uncle Olsen yesterday, but before even entering the door, he was sent here to 
kneel in the ancestral hall… 
So… was there actually a connection between Keera 
and Uncle Olsen?! 
For her sake, Uncle Olsen would even drive Christina 
out of the house, and now he was saying she wasn’t an outsider. Could it mean… 
James’s eyes suddenly lit up, and he carefully asked Uncle Olsen, “Do you know her well?” 
Uncle Olsen nodded. 
James immediately understood, “I see! Then, 
congratulations, Uncle!” 
Finally, he was going to have an aunt! 
Although Keera was a bit young and looked more like Uncle Olsen’s daughter, Uncle Olsen had been single his entire life. As he grew older, he became 
increasingly lonely. Every so often, when James saw him, he felt a deep sense of compassion and pity. 
Even if Keera was younger, and even though she had been divorced and had a child, as long as she could accompany Uncle Olsen, that would be fine! 
Thinking James had understood, Uncle Olsen personally helped him up and then said, “Be nicer to her from now on.” 
James immediately nodded. “Don’t worry, Uncle, I’ll definitely be very polite to her in the future!” 
Uncle Olsen said, “There’s no need for that, just be a bit more affectionate. When I’m gone, you guys must take good care of her.” 
Upon hearing this, James felt extremely sad. “Uncle, don’t say that. You’re going to live a long, long life and keep her company! But rest assured, I will definitely b 
very 
dutiful to her in the future!” 
Uncle Olsen was perplexed. 
It’s enough ta he dutiful to him. To ha dutiful to hia 
own cousin, what was that about?
However, he didn’t bother to correct him much, as James was famously academically challenged— simple-minded and physically strong. 
He patted James on the shoulder. “Alright, you can go 
now.” 
James nodded and walked away. 
As he walked a distance, he glanced back and saw Uncle Olsen standing alone in the ancestral hall, murmuring, “Six days from now, I’ll organize a banquet to publicly announce her identity. Mom, Dad, I’ll bring her back for you to see…” 
James’s eyes teared up slightly. 
Although he had never seen his grandmother, he had heard his father ramble on about how she worried only about Uncle Olsen’s marital prospects when she passed away. 
The banquet in six days… The event shrouded in 
secrecy without a word to outsiders turned out to be Uncle Olsen’s wedding banquet! 
But Uncle Olsen was being too low-key. 
James decided he had to prepare a meeting gift for his 
new aunt! 
But what should he give her?
After much thought, James decided, “I’d better ask my 
master!” 
He was a martial arts student from the Freeman family, one of the five major families. 
Although the Freeman family was among the five major families, their business wasn’t in commerce but in 
martial arts. 
The Freeman family’s enterprise wasn’t called Freeman Corporation but Freeman Sect. 
The Freeman Sect encompassed nearly all the martial arts masters of Crera. The scions of the five major families who wanted to practice martial arts for a strong and healthy body also basically joined the 
Freeman Sect. 
James was a promising martial arts talent, noticed from a young age by the direct line of the Freeman family, and was among the best of his generation within the sects’ disciples. 
00 
His master was the younger brother of the current Sect Leader of the Freeman family and second Martial 
Uncle to everyone. 
Thus, James was considered a direct, inner disciple within the Freeman Sect, with a high status.
Freeman Sect. 
111 
At that moment, Keira was there as well, quietly staring at the big gate. 
It was understood that taking on apprentices at the Freeman Sect began when they were just children, since once a child grew up, their bones set and martial artists must build a strong foundation from a young 
age. 
Keira, however, had no intention to join the Freem Sect or to pay respects to someone as her master. 
She already had her own master in the martial arts 
The mysterious South family had requested her cooperation with the five great families of Clance before they would tell her their next plans. 
09.23 
50 
Now, among the five major families, the Olsen family, the Davis family, and the Allen family had been settled with, leaving only the Freeman family and the Gill family. 
She decided to target the Freeman family first. 
The Freeman Sect had nurtured so many disciples and, while they never engaged in commercial ventures to the outside world, they certainly had sources of income. Besides, if all else failed, hiring
protection from the Freeman Sect could be considered cooperation, right?! 
With that thought in mind, Keira stepped forward and knocked on the Freeman family’s large iron gate. 
The Freeman family was located in a rather secluded area of Clance, and the large iron gate emanated an ancient charm, clearly with a long history. 
The door she knocked on was only a smaller gate. 
Soon, a man dressed in a martial arts uniform cam over, opened the door, and upon seeing her, he hesitated slightly. “Miss, who are you looking for?” 
Keira pondered for a moment. “I’m looking for the 
head of our business affair” 
f 
The man hesitated, appraising her. “What do you want 
with him?” 
Keira sincerely replied, “I would like to hire some security personnel…” 
The man then asked, “Which family are you from?” 
Keira said, “The South family” 
“Never heard of this family! How many people are in your family? How big is your residence?”
Keira said, “…Just a three-story villa.” 
“Then what are you doing here?” 
The man, seeing that Keira looked neatly and pretty, had engaged in more conversation, but on hearing it was just a small villa, he became irritated. “The Freeman Sect isn’t a security company. If you want to hire bodyguards, you should at least be from the royal family of Y country, or on the level of the five great families of Clance. Are you joking with me?” 
Keira quickly said, “No, my family might be small, but we can negotiate the price… 
“We don’t take on petty tasks!” 
09.23 
The man huffed again, beginning to shove her away. “Go on, get lost. Don’t come here to bother us for no reason… We’re very busy, and we have to practice and meditate every day… We don’t have time to dawdle here with you!” 
After that, the man was about to close the door. 
But just then, a sports car approached from the distance, its engine’s roar preceding its arrival. 
Hearing the sound of the car, the man immediately craned his neck to look and caught sight of a blue Maserati speeding toward them. 
The man’s eyes lit up, “Second Senior Brother is here! Move aside, move aside!”
He pushed Keira aside, and before the car could even 
pull up, the large iron gate was already opened, and he excitedly waved to the car. 
The car didn’t even stop and drove straight past hin 
However, the man showed no sign of being slighted, smiling and waving, “Second Senior Brother, hello!” 
Keira was speechless 
Wasn’t this a bit too svconhantic? 
Perceiving the expression on Keira’s face, the man immediately said proudly, “What do you know? He’s our second senior brother, the most formidable among the young generation! A direct disciple of our second Sect Leader! He’s from the Olsen family and is the young master of the Olsen Family!” 
No sooner had these words fallen than the sports car that had driven in suddenly reversed out, stopping right at the entrance. 
James jumped out of the car then and respectfully 
approached Keira, “Auntie?!”
###Chapter 383
Keira was confused. 
1 
She took a step back and asked James, “What did you just call me?” 
James hesitated slightly. 
Thinking about how his third uncle preferred younger women, and that the banquet in a few days was being held in a secretive manner without much fanfare, he cleared his throat, stepped forward, and said, “I’ve come to understand your relationship with my third uncle. Well, it’s fine if you don’t want me to call you something so intimate in public.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Before she could figure out the relationship he mentioned, she saw James turn to the gatekeeper and said, “This is an elder of my family… No, she’s a friend of mine. Be more respectful to her in the future.” 
The gatekeeper immediately clasped his fist in salute. “Second Senior Brother, understood!” 
Then he turned to Keira with a fist salute. “I apologize, 
youp 
lady. If you had said you knew Second Senior Brother earlier, I would have let you in. However, the 
Freeman Sect really doesn’t take temporary jobs.” 
Only then did James look at Keira. “What temporary job?” 
Keira coughed lightly, “I want to cooperate with the 
Freeman Sect.” 
“Cooperate?” 
James was completely baffled. 
The gatekeeper immediately laughed. “Miss, what you’re proposing is just a one-time deal, not cooperation. Even if we assign a few people to protect you out of respect for Second Senior Brother, at most it’s an employment relationship, right?” 
Keira stopped short on hearing this. “So what would qualify as cooperation?” 
James explained, “Actually, the Freeman Sect does accept cooperation from anyone. We just practice own martial arts. If you really want to talk about a cooperative relationship, the only way would be for you to join the Freeman Sect and become an ?nner 
Sect Disciple then we could perhans refer to it as a 
383 Chapter 
cooperation?” 
Keira was dumbfounded.
Was this what martial arts families mean by cooperation? 
She had thought it would be like with the Olsen family and the Davis family, where finding a project everyone could make money on was considered cooperation. 
After pondering for a moment, she looked at James again. “So how can one join the Freeman Sect and become an Inner Sect Disciple?” 
This question rendered James somewhat speechless. 
He coughed, lifted his chin, and said, “Actually, it’s very difficult to become an Inner Sect Disciple. Apart from hard work acquired later, it mainly depends on natural talent. Those of us who wish to learn martial arts are 
sent to the Freeman Sect for Bone Assessment around 
the age of three or four. Only those with exception innate qualities are taken in as Inner Sect Disciples 
the Freeman Sect.” 
James patted his chest, confidently saying, “Out of the seven Olsen brothers of our family, not even the eldes 
was chosen only I was!” 
09.24 
< 
Keira thought, “That’s your family, not mine.” 
But… 
If the Freeman Sect only took in kids, she certainly couldn’t turn herself into a three- or four-year-old child, could she? What was she supposed to do now? 
The first person she thought of was Amy. 
But that wouldn’t do. 
Amy’s personality was too gentle, and she wasn’t cut out for martial arts; her bones were too thin and too soft, though she was quite good at dancing. 
Keira was troubled. “Hasn’t there ever been an older person who was selected?” 
“Yes!” 
James said, “Our senior sister, she was noticed by the Sect Leader when she was fifteen!” 
Speaking of the senior sister the gatekeeper got excited too. “Right, our Sect Leader said that our senior sister had an extraordinary foundation. 
Although she was fifteen, she was especially resilient seemingly because she had been beaten up from a young age. As a result she developed an ironclad body. 
383 Chapter 
which is incredibly formidable. She’s a standout talent among our generation. Unfortunately, the Sect Leader has been secretly training her, so none of us have seen what the senior sister looks like!”
Mentioning the senior sister, James also looked wistful. “Our Sect Leader said he planned to have the senior sister come back to the Freeman Sect at the age of 23 to give us some guidance. By my calculations, that time should almost be upon us…” 
The gatekeeper immediately got excited. “Second Senior Brother, you’ve practically fought all over the Freeman Sect unbeaten. When the senior sister 
arrives, the two of you should have a match! See who is more powerful!” 
Upon hearing this, James gave him a smack on the head. “What nonsense are you spouting? How could I compare with our senior sister? The Sect Leader said that she became a disciple at fifteen, became a mas by eighteen, and at the age of twenty, she almost bested the Sect Leader by half a move! I can’t even defeat the Sect Leader yet, how could I compare wit 
the senior sister? Don’t stir up trouble for me! I know 
my place!” 
ww 
09-24 
383 Chapter 
The gatekeeper chuckled. 
Keira, unable to contain herself as the two men chatted enthusiastically, interjected, “Actually, my constitution isn’t too shabby either. I’ve been especially resilient to beatings since I was young. Could you take me to meet your Sect Leader?”
As soon as she said this, both the gatekeeper and Jame’s fell silent. 
They both looked toward Keira in unison, twitching at the corners of their mouths as if they thought what she had just said was a joke. 
Glancing at James, the gatekeeper coughed and said, “Not to put you down, but you’re over twenty this year, aren’t you? No matter how skilled someone is, by that age their bones have set, and without a solid foundation, it’s no good. The legend of the senior 
sister, being able to practice martial arts at fifter the Sect Leader said it was because she never had e to eat or wear when she was young, so her body fully developed…” 
Keira explained, “…But I also started practicing ma arts when I was fifteen. Maybe there’s a chance?” 
06.24 
Back when she had just started middle school, she left the Olsen family at the age of fourteen. After that, she worked to earn money and met a martial arts master of her own. 
While she was selling balloons in the park and reading books at the same time, a middle-aged man kept staring at her and then approached her. 
“Young lady, I can see that you have an exceptional foundation and a natural talent for martial arts. Why don’t you become my disciple?” 
At the time, Keira was almost ready to call the police, daiming he was harassing her, until he finally agreed to pay her five hundred bucks for an hour of martial arts practice with him every day. That was when she consented, 
She trained with him for four or five years, and
eventually, her master said he was going to wander world. He told her to keep practicing on her own that he would look for her when the right time car 
Come to think of it, it had been two years since she last saw her master. 
She didn’t even ask for her master’s name when he 
< 
left… 
Keira then looked toward James. “Just take me to see him. We won’t know if it’ll work or not until we try.” 
James wanted to refuse. 
But then he remembered his uncle’s instruction from 
this morning to be filial to his aunt, and he twitched at the corner of his mouth. “Alright, then follow me!” 
James tossed the car keys to the gatekeeper and walked into the compound with Keira. 
The Freeman Sect was vast, and as soon as they 
entered, they could see martial artists practicing all around, with grunts and shouts echoing non-stop, oozing with masculinity. 
After walking with James for about half an hour, they arrived in front of a bungalow. He said, “The Sect Leader is meditating inside. I’ll call him for you.”
Inside the room. 
At that moment, Trevor Freeman, the Sect Leader of 
the Freeman Sect, had tears streaming down his face. He was looking at a photo with his disciple, Keira, on his phone, sobbing uncontrollably. 
Having been so picky all his life, he had only taken in one disciple, but how could she have drowned so young?! 
Just then, he heard James’s voice from outside the door, “Master, I’ve brought someone to see you. Is it a good time now?”
###Chapter 384
Keira was about to turn 23 years old. 
1 
Trevor had just dispatched someone to Oceanion a few days ago to bring her back and let everyone meet this rumored elder martial sister. 
He was very fond of this disciple. 
Trevor was a very earnest person. After becoming the Sect Leader, taking in disciples was extremely important, as it related to the selection of the next 
Sect Leader for the Freeman Sect. 
Yet after assessing the talent and bones of his own family’s offspring, even his own son, as well as children from Clance coming to seek martial arts training, he 
found none to his satisfaction. 
As a result, he delayed the decision for many years. 
Adhering to a policy of preferring a lack rather than an unworthy disciple, he absolutely refused to take on disciples. His own younger brother, also the sect’s second disciple’s eldest disciple, James, became very sought after at that time. 
** 
< 
Everyone was speculating that James might marry into 
the Freeman family, inheriting the Freeman Sect and becoming the next Sect Leader. 
Trevor thought so too. 
However, this was the worst-case scenario. Given the choice, of course, he wanted the best in the world. 
He began traveling around the country, trying to find the most suitable child, until seven years prior when 
he arrived in Oceanion. 
Back then, in the park, he was watching the running children, but he inexplicably took a liking to a little balloon-selling girl. 
The little girl must have just finished school, so she arrived late and could only stand selling balloons in a 
corner. 
The vendor next to her even bullied her, telling her to sit down or she would block the others’ light. 
The little girl didn’t bring a chair, so she simply stood there in a squatting posture. 
Trevor found it amusing.
Those who practiced martial arts knew how tiring this 
< 
action was. He wanted to see how long the little girl 
could persist, and an hour went by… two hours went 
by… 
The little girl had persisted in that half-squatting position for a whole three and a half hours! 
And the key was that she did so without changing her expression. 
Trevor immediately began observing her bone 
structure, and upon seeing it, he was drawn to Keira as if a starving wolf had spotted meat. 
Thus followed his insistence on teaching her martial arts and having her call him master. 
It was only later that he discovered the little girl had a formidable mother who, from a young age, subjected her to beatings and scolding the reason she was so resilient and had such a strong physique was due to 
that torment.
Even though the child was already fifteen years old, her body’s age was around ten due to chronic malnourishment; she hadn’t missed the optimal age to begin martial arts training. 
No normal child would grow up in such an extreme 
environment, so her inhuman mother, in an indirect way, had actually done her a favor. 
Seeing her potential, Trevor wanted her to quit school 
and follow him, but Keira insisted on continuing her 
education. Finding no other choice, he settled down in Oceanion for her sake. 
From initially practicing an hour each day to two hours, and finally, Keira managed to defeat him! 
After Trevor had taught her all he could, he decided to leave, telling her he would come to take her home after she graduated from university at the age of 23. 
How could the elder martial sister of the Freeman Sect 
be left to wander outside? 
After he returned to the Freeman Sect, he mentioned 
this to his younger brother and the sect’s disciples, and since then, everyone was joyfully awaiting the elder martial sister’s return at the age of 23!
After a long wait, with Trevor unable to leave due to 
sect affairs, he sent someone to fetch her. However, 
when the person returned, they reported that the elder martial sister, Keira, also known as Mrs. Horton, 
had drowned!! 
A 
10.39 
< 
Trevor couldn’t believe this and made a personal trip 
to Oceanion, where he indeed saw her tombstone and the photo on it. 
It was his dear disciple! 
Trevor found it incredibly hard to believe, and deeply impacted, he returned to Clance and became 
despondent, shutting himself in his room. 
Now, the entire Freeman Sect still didn’t know that the 
eldest senior sister had met with an accident…
He didn’t dare to think about it. How incredibly sad, distressed, and pained the entire Freeman Sect would 
be if he revealed this news? 
He looked at the photo of himself together with Keira on the phone, at the girl’s clear, bright, and beautiful expression as if her voice and smile were still in front of him, making his eyes redden. 
His beloved disciple probably didn’t know until her death that she was actually the eldest senior sister of Crera’s greatest martial arts sect, the Freeman Sect, did she? Nor did she understand her importance to the Freeman Sect! 
Trevor thought of this and once again clutched his 
< 
chest, his eyes reddened from crying once more 
becoming teary. 
So, when he heard James’s words, he suddenly felt a bit panicked and blurted out, “This is not a good time!” 
In front of others, he had always been the stern Sect Leader; how could he face anyone when he was crying
like this?! 
James’s footsteps paused slightly. 
Seeming to sense something off in his voice, James asked, “Master, are you feeling unwell?” 
Unwell? His heart was practically breaking apart! 
Who could have imagined that the future of the Freeman Sect, his disciple, would be drowned to 
death? 
Wasn’t she able to swim? 
Trevor, with tears in his eyes, sobbed and said, “I’m 
fine.” 
James was perplexed. 
Outside. 
James and Keira looked at each other, both a bit 
s 
confused about the situation.
However… 
Keira glanced at the door, feeling that the voice inside sounded slightly familiar. 
But her master was always smiling; the voice inside carried a crying tone, rendering her unable to recognize it. 
Yet James, concerned and flustered, asked, “Master, are you sure nothing is wrong? My…” 
In the split second when the word “aunt” was about to escape his lips, James realized Keira had just now preferred not to be called that in public, so he quickly changed his way of addressing her. “My friend knows bit of medicine, why not let her check on you?” 
James felt that since Keera managed to diagnose Bobby’s brain tumor, she must be a very skilled doctor. 
Keira tried to stop him, “I’m not…” 
However, James didn’t listen to her at all. “You don’t need to explain further; just help take a look at my Sect Leader. He’s usually very healthy, rarely even catching a cold. What’s wrong with his voice today? 
< 
I’ve heard that there’s a new virus going around, targeting people’s throats specifically. Master, you haven’t been infected by this strain, have you? You can’t ignore it; you need timely medical diagnosis and
treatment!” 
Trevor thought, “How could this brat be so annoying?!” 
He hastily took out a tissue, wiped his tears, and then tried to speak with as much dignity as possible. “I’m fine! Go away! I can’t meet anyone today!” 
James didn’t want to leave just like that. 
What if Keera complained to his uncle, claiming he wasn’t diligent in his duties? 
He coughed lightly. “Master, please don’t say that. Y sound strange, so there must be a problem! I’m con 
in now.” 
Leaving that statement, he stepped forward and pushed open the door. 
Then he winked at Keira, striding into the room with 
her! 
“Master, my friend here is quite capable, so let her have a look at you. By the way, could you give my 
friend a little help with something?”
###Chapter 385
Keira followed behind James, thinking he was acting 
too recklessly. 
If the Sect Leader had already said it wasn’t a good time, it wouldn’t have mattered if she had waited. 
But since the door was open, she still wanted to seize the opportunity, especially since her master had once said she was a good prospect for martial arts. 
She followed James into the room and instinctively 
looked toward the Sect Leader first. 
Then she heard some rustling sounds, and when she looked over, she noticed the Sect Leader had his back 
to them, clearly not wanting to see anyone. 
James scanned the room and suddenly sensed that something was off. 
There were bundles of tissue on the floor, and the Sect Leader had a hoarse voice when he spoke, so… 
“Master, have you been crying?” 
James didn’t think to cover for the Sect Leader at all. 
< 
Trevór was speechless. 
This damnable disciple! 
He must tell his second brother to give him a good 
lesson! 
Trevor took a deep breath. “Get out!” 
James felt the Sect Leader’s resentment and didn’t dare delay any further, so he quickly backed away with Keira. “Alright, Master, then we’ll leave you be and won’t disturb you anymore. You keep… crying… By the way, do you want us to bring you a pack of tissues?” His response was throwing a shoe at James! 
James instinctively tried to dodge, but if he did, the shoe would hit Keira behind him, so he turned his head, and the shoe ended up hitting his butt. 
The other shoe flew at the same time, hitting the door and shutting it with a bang. 
James touched his own butt. 
He gave Keira an awkward glance, “Aun… Miss Keira, the Sect Leader is in a bad mood today. How about we come back another day?” 
< 
But Keira was looking elsewhere and suddenly asked, “Why don’t you introduce me to others instead? Or maybe I should just take you as my master, that would make me part of the direct line, right?” 
“No, no!” 
James quickly waved his hands. “We’re in the wrong generation!” 
She was an elder. How could he take her as his 
disciple?! 
Keira thought about it and figured it was true. They were cousins, so it wouldn’t be right to take him as a master because of the generation gap. 
Besides… 
James coughed and lifted his chin slightly. “Not everyone can take on a disciple as they wish. The conditions for the Freeman Sect’s direct descendants 
to take on disciples are very strict…” 
Even though there was now a senior sister, if she didn’t marry into the Freeman family, the future Sect Leader position would still be his. 
As the prospective Sect Leader of the Freeman family, 
any disciple he took would be related to the next Header, so the Freeman Sect had strict requirements 
for taking on disciples. 
Keira asked, “How strict?” 
James explained, “First off, disciples who want to join have to go to the Bone Assessment Hall for a bone assessment, then they train for a month, and if they can endure that, they’ll meet the direct descendants. All members of the direct line get to pick their disciples. That’s how I was chosen!” 
Keira asked, “What about those who are older? Do they also need to go through bone assessment?” 
James nodded. “Of course, no one can skip this step. Bone assessment is very mystical. It can reveal whether you’re suitable for martial arts, if you have any talent, or how far you’ve progressed…” 
Keira said, “Then take me to the Bone Assessment 
Hall.” 
James was dumbfounded. 
He looked at Keira in confusion. “That place is currently filled with kids. Are you sure you want to 
90?” 
< 
Keira nodded. “Yes.” 
Her foundation was solid. Her master had assured her 
there were no issues. 
Who knows? Maybe the Freeman Sect would take a fancy to her, not care about her age, and accept her! 
James saw her insistence and touched his nose. “Well then… okay.” 
So, half an hour later… 
At the Bone Assessment Hall, there suddenly appeared 
such a spectacle. 
Keira queued up, standing among a group of four and five-year-old children, standing out like a crane among 
chickens. 
The few children before and after her looked at her and all burst into laughter. 
This also drew the attention of the people around. 
Someone teased her. 
“Hey, Miss, don’t you feel embarrassed standing among a bunch of kids?”
Others laughed and looked toward James. 
< 
“Second Senior Brother, who is this? She’s so old, the 
growth plates in her bones have all fused. There’s no future left for her. Hurry up and take her out. Don’t be joking around here!” 
James gave an embarrassed smile and also sighed in resignation. 
If this was his own sister, he would have long since forcibly taken her away, but how could he when she was the woman his third uncle fancied? 
He should show some respect to his future third aunt! 
He coughed and said, “What’s wrong with that? Our eldest senior sister wasn’t discovered by the Sect Leader until she was fifteen. Who knows, my third… friend here might have a good set of bones.” 
“The eldest senior sister is a genius, how many of her 
can there be in this world?” 
“Right, the Sect Leader wandered outside for nearly ten years before he found our eldest senior sister. 
Besides, the Sect Leader said that the eldest senior
sister had a special background that led her to this profession. Did your friend also have a tough life growing up?” 
James was speechless. 
After finding out that Keera was going to be his third aunt, he specifically inquired about her character. 
Keera grew up in a well-off family, quite happily; only later did she “blindly” marry Howard and suffer a little from the bitterness of love. 
He also looked toward Keira. “Shall we go? It’s really 
quite embarrassing.” 
Keira said, “I ‘m fine here on my own.” 
“How can that do? If my third uncle finds out about this, he’ll definitely beat me up!” 
Keira was perplexed 
She smiled faintly. “Then thank you very much.” 
“It’s nothing, but after the Bone Assessment, you should give up, alright?” 
Keira nodded. “Yes, if after the Bone Assessment, I still
can’t become an Inner Sect Disciple, then I’ll give up.” 
James comforted her again, “But don’t be too disheartened. If you really, really want to join the Freeman Sect, I’ll think of another way.” 
Keira knew he was just comforting her. 
If there was another way, James would have already employed it. Why would he bring her here? 
Although she found it quite novel, she had never had such an experience. 
But seeing James looking like he wanted to cover up 
his face… 
Queuing was still boring, and somewhat slow. 
After all, there was only one Bone Assessment master, and yet there were so many people coming to seek apprenticeship every day. 
Before they knew it, two hours had passed, and finally, a child in front of her entered the room, and Keira 
slowly let out a sigh of relief. 
Her turn was up next!
Five minutes later, the child in front came out 
dejected, and upon spotting the waiting parents, immediately burst into tears 
James looked on with concern. 
What if his aunt wasn’t selected later, or even worse, 
was ridiculed by the Bone Assessment master? She 
wouldn’t cry, would she?
###Chapter 386
“Next!” 
With the voice echoing through the room, Keira straightened her back and pushed the door open. 
The Freeman Sect resembled an ancient noble manor. 
The houses inside all retained rustic and classical 
characteristics. 
The Bone Assessment Hall was also a small bungalow, similar to the temples she had visited, with an elder dressed in practice garments sitting on a cushion, sporting a long beard, and looking quite elegant. 
Elder Grant had been responsible for the Bone Assessment for several decades. 
He had discovered many a talented child and then made recommendations to the Sect Leader and direct lineage elders. 
Before the Sect Leader took on disciples, the pressure on him was immense, a pity though, for there were no exceptional prospects. 
Ever since the Sect Leader had taken on disciples and 
announced to the public that the eldest apprentice could now defeat the Sect Leader himself, his workload had immediately lightened. 
The younger generations were still far from taking on disciples. 
Therefore, when a child was exceptionally gifted, he would only recommend them to the direct lineage; the rest could only stay to become average disciples. 
He leisurely sipped a cup of tea and then looked toward the door; upon seeing Keira, he was 
momentarily taken aback before speaking, “Didn’t they say parents can’t enter?” 
He looked around her, “Where is your child?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Touching her nose, she also felt a bit embarrassed, “Uh, I’m here for the Bone Assessment.” 
“Nonsense!” 
Elder Grant was almost amused by the absurdity. “Your growth plates have long since fused. What’s there to assess? In all my years of assessing bones, I’ve never seen an adult have it done!” 
< 
Keira said earnestly, “I think I have potential and wish to take a master.” 
Elder Grant scrutinized her from head to toe, then realization dawned upon him. “Aren’t you Keera?” 
Keira was surprised.
She blinked in surprise, asking, “You know me?” 
“Of course, I know you!” Elder Grant exclaimed, half amused, half exasperated. “You are an Outer Sect Disciple of Freeman Sect. How could I not know you? Moreover, I was the one who accepted you into the Outer Sect!” 
Keira immediately furrowed her brow. “I see.” 
So, her sister had wanted to join the Freeman Sect from an early age. It seemed the South family had given her sister such orders before. 
Elder Grant couldn’t help but say, “You were sent here by your parents when you were four or five, but after assessing your bones, I found your talent average and declined. To my surprise, you came back year after 
year!” 
Elder Grant said in resignation, “Your parents begged 
me earnestly, saying they just wanted you to learn martial arts. There are so many martial arts classes outside, and I couldn’t understand why they were so insistent on sending you to the Freeman Sect.” 
The Freeman Sect wasn’t a common martial arts school; it was one of the few serious martial arts institutions in Crera. 
The ancient martial arts of Crera had fallen behind with the advancements of technology. 
In the age of modern firearms, cold weapons and their practitioners were hardly a match…
As a result, many martial arts sects had declined and even disbanded. The Freeman Sect had persisted to this day because, firstly, it had a substantial family fortune to support it and, secondly, the martial arts of the Freeman Sect were still among the top-ranked in 
the world. 
Therefore, those who joined the Freeman Sect weren’t just looking for a bit of exercise; most of them intended to spend their entire lives practicing martial 
arts within the sect. 
It baffled him why Keera’s parents sent a clearly 
< 
untalented child to the Freeman Sect. 
Yet, Keera’s parents were persistent, even going so far as to bring gifts to his home, blocking his way, and even once, kneeling outside and refusing to rise until they forced him to pass Keera’s assessment. 
Elder Grant had never seen such stubborn people; with no choice, he reluctantly granted her the status of an Outer Sect Disciple. 
After all, many Outer Sect Disciples were businessmen who supported the operation of the Freeman Sect. 
Inner Sect Disciples, however, couldn’t be allowed to mix in under false pretenses, no matter what. 
Only then did Keera’s parents give up.
Since then, Keera had become an Outer Sect Disciple 
of the Freeman Sect. 
Elder Grant looked at her/ “After you became an Outer Sect Disciple, your parents finally quieted down, but I heard you weren’t doing well there either, unable to endure hardship. Someone even said you were about to leave the sect entirely. Why are you back again?” 
Keira paused upon hearing this. 
Keera was delicate and frail by nature, but where did 
this reputation for being unable to endure hardship come from? 
Her sister had always been best at forbearance! 
She couldn’t help furrowing her brows, sensing deception. 
But now wasn’t the time to dwell on these thoughts. Keira just looked at Elder Grant. “I wish to become an Inner Sect Disciple.” 
Upon hearing this, Elder Grant let out a sigh. “I know you’ve always wanted to become an Inner Sect 
Disciple, but your bone structure is clear; you lack the talent! Keera, you should leave. If you want to improve your health, just practice more with the Outer Sect Disciples. Don’t waste my time here!” 
Keira stepped forward. “Elder Grant, after years of diligent study and practice, I feel that my physique has improved greatly, and my skills aren’t bad either. Could
you assess me one more time?” 
Elder Grant frowned. “Talent is something you’re born 
with, it cannot be cultivated Intor Vou cama hora 
every 
as a child; do you think I don’t know what you’re like? Even if you’ve gotten a bit stronger now, your bone structure and talent are clear. Keera, you should leave. There are several other children waiting.” 
But Keira stood her ground with a forceful attitude. “Elder Grant, there are so many children behind me, and it’s normal for me to wait in line. There are no age restrictions for the Bone Assessment, and everything complies with the rules of the Freeman Sect. So, why don’t you finish assessing me?” 
Elder Grant wanted to say something else, but Keira interjected, “It’s you who are delaying the process now, 
not me.” 
Elder Grant was shocked. 
He was so frustrated by her insistence that he laug “Keera, you asking for a Bone Assessment is a waste time in itself! Stop arguing with me and leave immediately, or I’ll have someone throw you out, and you might even lose your status as an Outer Sect Disciple!” 
Keira was speechless.
Just then, James noticed the altercation inside the 
< 
room and hurried in. “Elder Grant, don’t be angry. Mis: 
Keera is a friend of mine… 
Η 
When Elder Grant saw him, his expression eased slightly, but he still huffed. “Then take your friend and leave. Don’t waste my time here!” 
James looked at Keira, saw her cold expression with no intention of leaving, and smiled at Elder Grant. “Elder Grant, since we’re here, would you mind assessing her? Just as a favor to me.” 
James was considered the second elder brother and was in a relationship with a daughter of the Freeman family. If the eldest sister didn’t wish to marry into the Freeman family, he would be the future Sect Leader… 
It was a favor he had to grant. 
Elder Grant grunted, “Fine, I’ll assess you! Make it quick!” 
Keira immediately stepped forward. 
Elder Grant’s hand landed on her wrist, and his 
expression instantly became one of shock.
###Chapter 387
Elder Grant’s expression went blank for a moment, his eyebrows slightly furrowed. 
He had assessed many bones, but the bones of Keera had made a deep impression on him.” 
Her joints were weak and powerless, her bones soft, indeed not the right material for practicing martial arts. Even as she grew older year by year, there was no 
improvement. 
Therefore, Keera’s parents had pleaded with him several times, but he had never relented. 
With such bones, even if one tried hard, they were 
destined to have no connection with martial arts; perhaps she could learn something like dance instead. 
Even growing up, it was impossible for a change to 
Occur. 
But this time, after feeling her bones again, he was suddenly baffled by the bones of the person before 
him. 
Were these the same soft and powerless bones of 
0
Keera? 
No… 
The person before him had very hard bones, yet the joints were very supple; the tendons and bones felt as if they were exceptionally good! 
It was as if she was a martial arts expert who had practiced for many years!! 
Unable to help himself, Elder Grant looked at Keira again and then asked, “How long do you practice martial arts each day?” 
Keira cast her eyes down. “Two hours.” 
Elder Grant immediately frowned. 
How could this be possible! 
Two hours a day, even if one started exercising in the womb, wouldn’t result in such tendons and bones. 
He furrowed his brow, looking carefully at Keira again as if trying to see why such a significant change had 
occurred. 
But after looking for a long while, he couldn’t spot anything underhanded. 
0
He could only continue to feel Keira’s other arm, and the sensation upon touching was still very hard! 
He couldn’t help but turn to James. “Come here.” 
James walked over to his side. 
Elder Grant began to feel his bones. 
James felt ticklish and was somewhat baffled; he 
couldn’t help but back away. “Elder Grant, what are you doing?” 
But Elder Grant frowned. 
He suddenly started to doubt his own bone assessment skills! 
Indeed, the bones of an adult couldn’t be compared with those of children, and the standards of judgment were different, but the tendons and bones of a martial artist were certainly not the same as those of an ordinary person. 
Why did he feel that Keera’s tendons and bones were 
better than James’s? 
That was absolutely unreasonable! 
James was among the best of his generation in the 
214 
387 Chapter 380
Freeman Sect, second only to the senior sister; he was considered top-notch, and the senior sister wast exceptional. 
Keera was so weak as a child, so how could she possibly be stronger than James? 
As Elder Grant was puzzled, James couldn’t help but suppress a laugh. “Elder Grant, are you done? There are others in line waiting behind!” 
“Right.” 
Elder Grant withdrew his hand and looked at Keira. 
James then asked, “How are Keera’s tendons and bones?” 
Elder Grant hesitated for a moment and then, a long pause, chose a safer word. “They’re not bad have indeed been practicing martial arts diligently these years. How about this, why don’t you particip in the Outer Sect’s martial arts competition?” 
Keira didn’t understand how formidable her martial arts skills were. 
It was just that after learning martial arts from her master, she seemed to have never lost in one-on-one 
fights. 
Hearing this, she was slightly startled. “The Outer Sect martial arts competition?” 
“Yes,” Elder Grant stroked his beard. “Outer Sect Disciples do have the opportunity to become Inner Sect Disciples, and that is through the martial arts tournament. If you can place in the top three, you’ll have the chance to enter the Inner Sect. At that time, the Sect Leader and the Elders will select high-
quality martial talents from among you and teach them properly. With your aptitude, you should participate!” 
Elder Grant thought this was the safest approach! 
Since the bone assessment was inconclusive, why give it a try? 
In the martial arts tournament, if she won, then the Freeman Sect wouldn’t miss out on a good seedling like you; if she lost, then it just meant she wasn’t up to snuff, and indeed he was wrong in his initial 
assessment! 
Keira also felt his reasoning made sense, so she nodded and headed out. 
Tames glanced at Elder Grant saw the flicker in his 
0 
eyes, and that he dared not meet his own gaze, and immediately misconstrued the meaning of Elder Grant’s words. 
Elder Grant must have suggested this method because Keera had poor bone structure, thus aiming to discourage her! 
So, he followed Keira out and immediately asked, “Are you sure you want to participate in the martial arts tournament?” 
Keira nodded. “Yes, where do I sign up?”
“There’s no need to sign up. You’re quite in luck as the first match is tomorrow. You just have to show up d participate. Only those who can withstand three moves from my third junior brother are qualified t enter the competition.” 
Keira understood that there was a preliminary 
selection. 
That made sense. With so many Outer Sect Disciples in the Freeman Sect, if everyone participated, wouldn’t the competition procedures become too complicated? 
Keira nodded, thought for a moment, and then walked 
out 
0 
James followed her and said, “Are you sure you want to participate? If you are certain, then I’ll be the one conducting the selection tomorrow.” 
As the third junior brother’s status was lower than his, it seemed logical that he should be the one doing it, but James, acting like a big shot, felt that it was beneath him to do such a task. 
But if his third aunt wanted to participate, then he should at least help her out, right? At the very least, he should help her enter the registration phase. 
Keira then said. “Don’t help me, I’ll come back 
tomorrow.”
James nodded, followed her, and escorted her o 
the Freeman Sect. 
After bidding her farewell at the gate, James watch Keira get into a car that had been parked near the Freeman Sect. 
James glanced at it and came to a halt. 
What did he see?! 
He actually saw a gigolo exit the driver’s side and affectionately wrap his arms around Keera’s waist, 
0 
leading her to the passenger side. 
“How did things go today?” 
Lewis was currently asking in a deep voice. “Do you need my help?” 
“Nope,” Keira said. “I’ve found a way to proceed. As long as I participate in the martial arts tournament and place in the top three, I can become an Inner Sect Disciple. By then, I’ll have essentially established a cooperation with the Freeman family.” 
“Martial arts tournament? Are you up for it? Do you 
need me to help?” 
Lewis examined her small frame.
Keira laughed. “Should we practice when we get 
home?” 
“Sure, I’ll help you, but don’t use it as an excuse not to sleep with me tonight.” 
Keira was speechless. 
Ever since this man had started indulging, was he thinking about it every single day? 
The two of them chatted while getting into the car 
and drove off, only to see James standing there, dumbfounded. 
He hastily got into his own sports car, drove straight home, and burst into Ellis’s room. “Ellis, I can’t believe Keera dares to keep a gigolo outside! Are you aware of 
this?” 
Ellis was perplexed. 
He hesitated before speaking, “I am aware…” 
“You know and you did nothing about it? How is this fair to Uncle? To think I treated her with such respect today, only to find out she’s been secretly doing this behind Uncle’s back! Ellis, how can we let a woman lik this into our family?” 
Ellis scanned him from head to toe and suddenly 
asked, “Do you know what the relationship between
Keera and Uncle is?”
###Chapter 388
James immediately answered, “Of course I know!!” 
“You know?” 
“Yes!” 
James looked at Ellis. “Uncle Olsen told me all about it 
today!” 
Ellis then said with heavy emphasis, “Since you know, then you should realize just how indulgent Uncle Olsen is toward her. And that man isn’t a gigolo; he’s…” 
As his words reached this point, he suddenly thought of Lewis wanting to keep his identity hidden, and th he definitely wouldn’t want too many people to know so he changed his tone. “Anyway, don’t meddle in others’ affairs, Uncle Olsen knows what he’s doing!” 
“What?!” 
James felt as if his entire world had collapsed. 
Uncle Olsen knew she was keeping a gigolo on the side? Even so, he still wanted to be with her? 
James’s eyes widened. 
< 
“Is Uncle Olsen really so undiscerning? And I totally
couldn’t tell that Uncle Olsen is such a romantic! He can tolerate something like this?! 
“How is that possible!” 
James retorted. 
Ja 
Ellis frowned at him. “Why are you making such a big deal out of it? Keera may be divorced, but she still needs a partner!” 
“Can’t Uncle Olsen be with her?!” James argued. 
Ellis sighed. “Uncle Olsen is getting old, and what if he passes away before her? Who will be with her then? Besides, that’s their freedom. Don’t meddle in their 
business.” 
James was dumbfounded. 
His brain felt like it was overheating! 
When did his family produce such a Casanova?! 
However… 
James glanced at Ellis again, his eyes briefly flashing. 
He had accidentally seen the report Ellis had prepared, and only then did he know that his elder brother was 
diagnosed with azoospermia. But if that was the case, how did his sister-in-law get pregnant? 
So… no wonder his brother wasn’t home on his 
wedding night, and the atmosphere between him and Mary had also been off; turns out Ellis was a cuckold all along. 
Even so, Ellis still brought Mary home, and last night… what was it again… 
Another Casanova. 
James couldn’t help but smack his forehead. “How come the Olsens are all so infatuated with love?” 
Ellis looked at him, “What did you say?” 
“Nothing, nothing…” 
James slipped away and happened to bump into coming downstairs. 
Seeing James, Mary immediately greeted him politel “Hello, James.” 
But James snorted coldly, ignored her, and ran off. 
He didn’t like this sister-in-law who cuckolded his brother! 
And Keera, who cuckolded Uncle Olsen, he liked even 
less! 
The two men in the family were bewitched by these two women, completely muddleheaded. He, James, wouldn’t indulge them!
Just as he rushed out, he saw Victoria slowly approaching. 
Her expression looked somewhat unpleasant. Upon seeing James, she immediately asked, “James, I heard from Uncle Olsen that the Olsens want to sever ties 
with Christina. Is that true?” 
James coughed, “Well, she did something wrong.” 
Indeed, the incident with the live broadcast was 
Christina’s fault. 
She had her little schemes, which wasn’t a problem, but she shouldn’t have risked the reputation of the kindergarten and the entire Olsen Group by causing such a stir; it was also Uncle Olsen’s punishment for 
her. 
However, Christina had neither the energy nor the time to worry about this punishment right now. Her 
san had haan dinanasad with a brain tumor and ung 
< 
currently undergoing treatment in the hospital. 
It was said that if the treatment failed over time, he might go abroad for further care.
James thought of this and when he looked up, he saw Victoria tentatively looking at him. “James, have you heard about Keera’s situation?” 
James’s brow immediately furrowed upon hearing that name. “What about her?” 
Victoria cautiously began. “Nothing, nothing much, it’s just… the banquet in five days, it should be hosted by Uncle Olsen for her, right?” 
“Yes.” 
James also frowned. 
Victoria then hung her head. “Once Keera enters our household, will you, like Ellis and Uncle Olsen, favor 
her?” 
“Of course not!” 
James let out a snort of laughter, then looked at Victoria and, sensing her apprehension, immediately reassured her. “You’re afraid that we’ll all favor Mary and Keera and treat you badly, aren’t you? Don’t 
worry. Although you’re not my blood sister, you grew up with me and have long been a sister in my heart!” 
Keera wasn’t his blood cousin! How could she compare 
to Victoria?
Besides, although he had intended to show her respect for the sake of Uncle Olsen, Keera actually dared to gallivant with others outside, which was disrespectful 
to Uncle Olsen. 
Well 
“She wants to attend the martial arts competition at the Freeman Sect tomorrow? Wishful thinking!” 
He had originally planned to go easy on her, but now. he would do anything to stop her! 
As James was thinking of this, Victoria breathed a sigh 
of relief. 
It seemed that at least James truly paid no mind to Keera, and she couldn’t help but ask again, “What about the rest of our brothers?” 
James let out a scoff. “Don’t worry. The moment that sort of person becomes part of this family, we’ll all look down on her! You’ll always be our dear sister, and 
) 
she…” 
James sneered. 
If Uncle Olsen liked her, then he would trip her up in 
private.
If Uncle Olsen ever came to his senses about this 
infatuation, then they would certainly make sure Keera 
couldn’t walk away unscathed!! 
Victoria had no idea what he was thinking and 
immediately relaxed… 
Inside the South residence, Keira also had no notion of what was happening. She and Lewis not only sparred outside in the yard that evening but also had a bout in the bedroom, on the bed. 
The outcome of their sparring resulted in her complete defeat, thoroughly dominated by Lewis… 
Alas, women were at a disadvantage in this arena. 
When Keira woke up the next day, she regretfully thought that it would have been better if she had been the one on top! 
< 
Lewis, satisfied like a sated beast, regarded Keira after recalling the savory experience of the previous night. He sighed and said, “You have to attend the selection for the martial arts competition today, so I’ll let you off 
for now.” 
Keira was speechless.
She immediately got dressed and left the room. 
She saw Lewis seated behind the wheel again, like an obedient and sensible little puppy. 
Keira couldn’t help but roll her eyes. 
Lewis, the veteran driver, drove safely all the way to 
the Freeman Sect. 
Keira went to report to the Outer Sect Disciple area 
first, but the moment she entered, she saw James standing at the entrance waiting for her. 
Keira greeted him only to see that the man who had been so warmly passionate towards her the day before was now crossing his arms, lifting his chin, and coldly said, “Don’t bother participating in today’s 
competition.” 
Keira, puzzled, asked, “Why not?” 
Ellis then flexed his wrist. “I’ll be selecting people today. Better to avoid me accidentally being too forceful and hurting you, then Uncle Olsen would be 
heartbroken!”
###Chapter 389
Keira was perplexed. 
Even from this distance, she could feel the hostility emanating from James. 
What was wrong with her cousin today? 
He was very helpful the day before, but today he was giving her this attitude. 
Keira wanted to find out why. “Is there any misunderstanding between us?” 
“There’s no misunderstanding.” 
James narrowed his eyes and stared at her intently as he spoke methodically, “Freeman Sect rules: no mercy is to be shown in the sparring arena, so think carefully. Are you sure you want to compete?” 
Seeing that he wasn’t going to explain, Keira didn’t bother to ask again and simply nodded, “Yes.” 
“Good, then don’t blame me for not being courteous!” 
James turned and entered the yard, standing in the 
middle of it. 
< 
Keira followed him in.
The conversation of the Outer Sect Disciples of the Freeman Sect could be heard to the side. 
“Why has the second senior brother personally come today?” 
“Normally, such matters are handled by the third 
senior brother. This year, with the second senior brother stepping in, who could possibly withstand his 
three moves?!” 
“And the second senior brother looks so grim!” 
“We Outer Sect Disciples already find it very difficult 
to enter the Inner Sect. With the second senior 
brother as the obstacle, probably lots of people will b weeded out… It looks like my hopes of getting into the Inner Sect are dashed again this year!” 
As a group of people were whispering and discussing in low voices, James scanned the crowd and then said 
slowly, “Alright, I know what you’re worried about. Today, I’ll go easy, trying to let all of you sign up!” 
After saying this, he glanced at Keira. 
10:2 
Everyone but her!
Today, he was going to ensure Keera was drenched in blood right there, preferably missing the banquet 
where his third uncle would publicly announce her identity in four days’ time! 
The Outer Sect Disciples around felt a sigh of relief when they heard this. 
Someone promptly stepped forward. “Second senior brother, are you really going to show mercy?” 
“Yes, come on.” 
After James said this, he beckoned the man with a 
gesture. 
The man immediately stepped forward and threw a 
punch at James, but in the next instant, he was seized 
by James who then swiftly neutralized him with a 
move. 
The person was speechless. 
James immediately released him. “Sorry, try again. My body just reacted subconsciously…” 
10-90 
The man’s face lit up with joy, and he attacked once again. True to his word, James went easy, not using his full strength, so the man passed the test and joyously went to sign up for the martial arts
conference. 
Then came the second and the third… 
Keira was in line, waiting to spar with James. 
It was at that moment someone tugged on her clothes from behind. Keira turned around and saw a skinny boy standing there, excitedly saying to her, “Keera, this year we can both successfully sign up!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Without a word from her, the boy lowered his voi and added, “In the past few years, both of us have come every year, but you’ve never managed even get past the third senior brother’s single move. This year, it’s the second senior brother, who’s so kind-hearted that he’s sure to go easy on us for three moves, then we can sign up successfully! As long succeed in signing up, we’ll be part of those who 
as u 
participated in the martial arts conference, and then Jackson Gill won’t dare bully us anymore!” 
Keira’s brows furrowed slightly. 
C 
Jackson Gill? 
Who was that? 
But before she could figure out what was happening, someone on the stage ahead shouted, “Next, Matias
Gill!” 
The boy behind her instantly responded, “Here!” 
He gave Keira a look, “I’ll try and see if the second senior brother really will go easy as he says.” 
And with that, he stepped onto the stage. 
James indeed went easy, letting Matias pass. 
Matias came down excitedly, saying to Keira, “Keera, there’s a real chance this year!” 
As he spoke, James on the platform suddenly sneered, 
“Next, Keera South!” 
By now, Keira was used to this name and promptly stepped onto the stage upon hearing the call. 
Just as she steadied her stance, she saw James looking at her and saying, “Keera, I’ll be taking ‘good care’ of you in a moment! Three moves. You’ve got to hold on tight!” 
< 
Keira was a little confused. 
She heard intense mockery and murderous intent in 
his words. 
That man was actually harboring the intent to kill her?!
Keira immediately took a step back and positioned herself seriously, determined that today she had to give her all and not let down her master!! 
Observing her ready stance, which looked quite decent, James scoffed. “Showpiece.” 
Keera was just like that, merely a showpiece, and he couldn’t understand what his third uncle saw in her to 
be willing to openly declare his affection for her. 
His third uncle might be foolish, but he certainly 
wasn’t. 
Showing mercy to others just moments ago was all to conserve his strength, specifically for this moment, to openly help his third uncle get his revenge! 
As James thought of this, he looked at Keira, then a dark smirk curled on his lips, and he moved forward in a lunge, unleashing a flurry of punches and kicks, 
10.75 
intending to take her down in one move! 
He could almost picture her pitiful appearance crumpling to the ground after taking his punch. 
But in the next moment, James’s smirk froze!!
###Chapter 390
James said it was his full strength, but actually, he held back a bit of power, fearing he might really inflict a fatal wound on Keera. 
After all, if he punched her, it was very likely to cause damage to her internal organs. 
The strength he exerted was enough to send Keera flying, crashing down hard, and maybe even coughing up blood… 
James had a lovely thought, and then, he saw Keera actually reach out her palm to catch his fist! 
James was scared by her reckless move and tried to retract his punch and its force. 
With her wrist, if she really caught his punch, she was likely to end up with a bone fracture or a broken arm! 
He only wanted to teach Keera a lesson, but he didn’t really want to kill her! 
Unfortunately, it was too late to pull back his punch at this point! 
While James was in shock, that punch already landed 
on her palm, and at the same time, a kick was heading toward her abdomen. 
Just when he thought he was about to cause a fatality, he felt a tremendous soft force that easily deflected his punch, and right away, Keera tilted to the side, narrowly dodging that kick!
James was dumbfounded. 
What kind of strength and speed was that? 
He was a bit stunned. 
Keira was also a bit stunned. 
James’s look of wanting to kill her made her think he was definitely going to use all his strength, so she had also struck back with all her might just now. 
But how come the force of the punch that hit her palm was so light? And she could deflect it so easily. 
Also, wasn’t the speed of that incoming kick a bit too 
slow? 
It was slower than her master’s! 
Her master was just someone who practiced dance exercises in the park, and he had said that the 
Freeman Sect was the pinnacle of martial arts in the world today, which made her aspire to the Freeman 
Sect. 
But the Freeman Sect… Was that it? 
Keira just started to have a little self-doubt in her heart, then immediately dismissed it.
No, that wasn’t right. 
Back when she narrowly beat her master with one move, he said that there was nothing more he could teach her, and he was going to continue traveling the 
world. 
She asked her master where he was going, and he said 
to the Freeman Sect. 
He also told her not to be proud and to keep studying and practicing diligently for the next few years, as there were many prodigies in the Freeman Sect, and someone like her wouldn’t be worth mentioning there. 
Her martial arts skills were still not good enough. 
Therefore… 
Actually, was James going easy on her? 
Right, he had been going easy all day, although to others it was only superficial, and he looked relaxed, but he was a bit more fierce when it came to her… 
Keira realized it right away and looked at James gratefully, whispering, “Thank you.” 
James was dumbfounded.
He felt like he had been looked down upon! 
It must have been his imagination just now, right? 
James took another step forward, and the second move began; this time he used eighty percent of his strength but was again easily countered by Keira. 
The third time! 
James had used quite a bit of strength, only to be dodged by Keira time and time again. 
Standing atop the stage, he began to doubt his life. 
choices… 
He looked down at his fists, wondering whether it was because he was too passionate with his girlfriend the night before and couldn’t muster up the energy that day. What was going on? Why did everything feel so 
surreal? 
As he pondered in confusion, Keira had already spoken. “If you’re going to go easy on me, then go easy. What’s with that fierce look on your face?” 
James didn’t know what to say. 
After Keira finished speaking, she added, “I appreciate
your kindness. I’ll mention it to your third uncle 
another day.” 
James was even more confused. 
Was he being thanked or threatened?! 
At this moment, he couldn’t quite grasp the meaning 
behind Keira’s words! 
While James was still reflecting on it, the next challenger had already stepped onto the stage, and with his mind elsewhere, he nearly got hit in the face by an Outer Sect Disciple, forcing him to quickly 
refocus his attention and deal with the matter at hand 
first. 
“My God, what’s gotten into our second senior brother 
today? He’s like a reincarnation of a Buddha!”- 
Keira had just stepped off the stage when Matias 
excitedly rushed over, circling around her. “We’ve passed the selection today, so we can sign up now. We’re no longer just ordinary Outer Sect Disciples, we both have really good luck!” 
Keira asked, “…Ordinary Outer Sect Disciples?”
“Yeah, we used to be just ordinary Outer Sect Disciples, and we had no rights. That’s why Jackson dared to treat us like that. Now that we’re qualified in the martial arts competition, who knows? Maybe one —of us will be lucky enough to be noticed by the Elders 
and accepted as an Inner Sect Disciple, so Jackson definitely won’t dare to mistreat us anymore!” 
After Matias finished speaking, he smiled at her. 
“Keera, let’s go to the Outer Sect Disciples’ area and 
sort out our stuff.” 
Keira remained silent. 
She followed Matias in a daze to this so-called residence of the Outer Sect Disciples. 
It was a group of small bungalows surrounding the Freeman Sect. Many people dressed in practice attire were going in and out of this area. 
Someone was sweeping the floor, while others were 
putting clothes into the washing machine. 
It appeared that this place served as the logistics department of the Freeman Sect, where everything was carried out in an orderly fashion.
The two quickly arrived in front of a bungalow. 
Following Matias inside, Keira saw a sleazy-looking man sitting in a chair, surrounded by people trying to curry favor with him. 
The man caught sight of Keira, and his eyes lit up immediately, “Keera, why have you come back? Have you thought it over?” 
Keira didn’t speak, quietly gathering information from 
the conversation. 
Indeed, Matias said, “Jackson, Keera and I have just passed the preliminary selection of the martial arts competition. We’re no longer the nameless Outer Sect Disciples as before, so you have no right to boss us 
around!” 
After saying this, he pointed to the metal storage box beside him and said to Keira, “Keera, after you left last time, I put your things in storage box number 23. You 
can pack up now. and we’ll move our things to the 
martial arts field.” 
Her sister’s belongings…
Keira’s gaze fell as she walked over to open metal box number 23 and indeed found a small black bag containing a set of practice clothes and an Outer Sect Disciple’s badge. 
All these simple items belonged to Keera. 
Keira’s eyes narrowed slightly. 
Before she could come to her senses, a greasy hand suddenly wrapped around her waist, followed by a nauseatingly warm and damp body pressing up against 
her. 
An offensive smell wafted onto her neck as Jackson’s 
murky voice rang in her ear. “Keera, you’ve finally come back. I’ve missed you to death… Haven’t seen you for almost two months, how come you seem even more beautiful than before?!” 
Keira stiffened abruptly, and she immediately turned around, pushing the man away forcefully. 
Jackson just looked at her with a laugh. “Why do you put on such a virtuous act here? You’ve already slept
###Chapter 391
Keira’s pupils shrank. “What nonsense are you spouting?!” 
Jackson sneered, “How am I spouting nonsense? It’s all true. Everyone knows that to become an Inner Sect Disciple, you’ve almost gone mad. It was you who came to my bed and offered yourself. I took pity on you and slept with you, and now what? You’ve passed the preliminary selection of the martial arts competition and found another way, so you plan on kicking me to 
the curb?” 
People who had come to fetch things immediately stood by to watch the commotion, pointing and whispering about Keira. 
“Keera looks quite timid, but I didn’t expect her to be this sort of person…” 
“You can’t judge a book by its cover, can you? Anyone who offers themselves up can’t be a good person.” 
As the Outer Sect Disciples pointed and whispered 
about her, Matias rushed over and angrily said, “Don’t talk nonsense! Keera isn’t that sort of person. It was Jackson who constantly pressured her to submit. She disagreed, otherwise, she wouldn’t have been missing these past two months!”
The crowd was momentarily stunned, then turned to look at Jackson. 
Jackson scoffed. “Why hasn’t she come over these past two months? Of course, it’s because after I slept with her, I couldn’t secure her an Inner Sect Disciple spot. If I had a spot, wouldn’t I use it myself? This woman really thinks the Gill family can do anything! Is the Freeman Sect a place where we can mess around as 
we please?” 
Matias’s face turned ashen with anger. “Jackson, don’t tarnish Keera’s reputation here. Previously, it was clearly you kept pursuing her unsuccessfully, giving her all kinds of difficulties, getting her to do this and that, and even reporting to the Elders that she was slacking and not practicing martial arts, causing her to make no progress over the years!” 
Jackson scoffed. “Matias, who do you think you are? You’re part of a collateral line, but you’re pointing 
fingers at me here? Do you believe that with just one word, I can make your family disappear from Clance?” Matias scoffed. “You think I’m afraid of you?” 
“You’re not afraid, but do you think your grandmother 
would be?” 
Matias choked.
Jackson sneered once again, turning his attention back to Keera. “Of course, I’m a rather sentimental person. Since you’ve slept with me, I’ll certainly protect you. Keera, continue to come to my room tonight, otherwise, I’ll report to the higher-ups that your two-month absence counts as an automatic resignation from the Freeman Sect!” 
Keira sneered. 
Yet Matias was already furious to the extreme. “If she hasn’t reported in, isn’t it because you forced her? Jackson, you’ve gone too far!” 
Jackson scoffed. “Freeman Sect rules state that an 
Outer Sect Disciple who doesn’t report in for a month is considered to have left automatically. I’m just 
following the rules. What about it?!” 
Keira spoke slowly, “Really? According to Freeman Sect rules, are the words of you, an outer manager, more important, or those of the Elders more important?” 
Jackson was taken aback. “What do you mean? You think the Inner Sect Elders would speak for you?” 
Keira immediately said, “I came for a Bone Assessment yesterday, and it was Elder Grant who allowed me to participate in the Outer Sect martial arts competition. What now? Are your words more powerful than Elder Grant’s?” 
Jackson choked. “You went for a Bone Assessment again? What could you possibly find out?”
“What I found out has nothing to do with you.” 
Keira took step by step toward Jackson, her face cold as she stared at him, causing his scalp to tingle. He had never known that the weak woman who only begged him for mercy had this side to her. 
He swallowed hard but still said, “What do you want 
me to make clear? How you plead under me? Or how loudly you were moaning?” 
Keira grabbed his collar in one swift move. 
Jackson reached out to push her away, but the arms of the woman, who had always seemed weak and easily bullied by him, now felt as solid as bronze walls and iron bones, rendering him unable to break free. 
Keira stared at him intently. “Explain.” 
Jackson swallowed hard, then cursed angrily, “Keera, what are you doing? Assaulting a superior is grounds for expulsion from the Freeman Sect! Even if Elder Grant vouched for you and let you participate in the martial arts competition, you can’t lay hands on me!” 
Keira kept her stare fixed on him. 
She had thoroughly memorized the Freeman Sect’s rules yesterday.
Indeed, assaulting someone of a higher rank would result in immediate expulsion, but Keera’s grievances couldn’t just be acknowledged like this! 
A fierce light flashed in Keira’s eyes, and then she slowly released Jackson’s hand she had been holding. But just as Jackson scoffed, she suddenly clutched his 
throat! 
Her fingers were well-defined, and when she clutched 
his throat it made lookson immediately faol short of 
301 Chapter 390 
breath, unable to breathe. 
His eyes bulged, and both hands fiercely clutched Keira’s hand, trying to push her away, but he found he couldn’t muster any strength! 
Jackson struggled desperately. 
Keira continued to stare at him intently. “Speak. What ‘s your relation to Keera?” 
Jackson slapped at her hands, struggling to speak, but no words came out. The feeling of death crept over him, making him panic. 
Seeing the threat in Keira’s eyes, he knew that if he didn’t clear her name, he might actually be choked to death right there today!
He slapped Keira’s hand again… 
Keira watched him closely until Jackson stuck out his tongue, then she finally let go. 
Gosh… 
Jackson coughed in fear, gasping for air, his eyes 
tearing up in fright as he said, “How can I speak if you don’t let me go?!” 
Keira’s expression darkened. 
Jackson quickly covered his Alright, alright, I’ll 
say it. Keera never seduced me. 
between us!” 
Keira scoffed. “Louder!” 
Jackson didn’t want to speak. 
There’s nothing 
Keira took a step forward again, forcing Jackson to shout, “Fine! I’ll say it! Keera never seduced me! There’s nothing between Keera and me! Are you
satisfied now?” 
Only then did Keira take a step back. 
Once she left, Jackson clenched his fists tightly. “Keera, how dare you show such insubordination? I’m going right to the Disciplinary Hall to tell the Elders, to seek justice from them!” 
At the same time. 
Elder Grant stroked his beard, standing outside the Sect Leader’s room. After hesitating for a moment, he finally knocked on the door. 
The Sect Leader was in good spirits today, his eyes 
swollen to slits. 
Seeing Elder Grant, he asked, “Elder Grant, what brings you here?” 
Elder Grant looked at his appearance, twitched the corner of his mouth, and then said, “Yesterday, during the Bone Assessment, I found a remarkable woman. She seems to have some similarities to the senior sister you once mentioned, so I wanted to inquire 
about it.”
###Chapter 392
The Sect Leader couldn’t bear hearing the words 
“Elder Sister” now, as tears uncontrollably streamed 
down her face. 
Elder Grant was dumbfounded. 
He hesitated for a moment. “Master, what’s wrong with 
you?” 
The Sect Leader wiped away his tears, pointing at the cushion in front of him. “Go ahead. It’s nothing, my eyes must have had a stroke. 
Elder Grant didn’t know what to say. 
He took a seat in front of the Master, and after seeing that his emotions had settled a bit and had stopped crying, he said. “One of our Outer Sect disciples, a female disciple, didn’t show any potential when we assessed her bones as a child. But she queued up again yesterday, and her physique, it’s as if she’s practiced Child Kung Fu. Master, I think she might be as good as the Elder Sister. Don’t you want to take a look?” 
As soon as he finished speaking and looked up, he saw 
< 
the Sect Leader was in tears again. 
Elder Grant was dumbfounded. 
He couldn’t help but ask, “Master, are you really okay?” 
The Master, wiping his tears, choked up as he said, “It’s 
fine. I’m fine.” 
Elder Grant continued. “I haven’t assessed the bones of adults before, so my judgment isn’t precise. You have an eye for talent and were able to spot what made Elder Sister different. You’ll definitely be able to spot… Oh no, Master, why are you crying again? Should we take you to the hospital?” 
“There’s… no need… for that.” 
The Sect Leader’s voice trembled uncontrollably. “I… haven’t been feeling well lately… Let her participate in the Outer Sect competition. If she can enter the Inner Sect, then I’ll go take a look…” 
Elder Grant said, “Alright, alright. Then Master, I’ll be leaving now. You get some good rest.” 
The Sect Leader heaved a sigh of relief, just about to nod, when he heard Elder Grant add. “Even if not for yourself, think about Elder Sister too. She’ll be back 
soon, and if she sees you like this, she’ll definitely be distressed…” 
The Sect Leader sobbed. “Just go already.”
After Elder Grant left the room, he finally took a deep 
breath. 
The Freeman Sect has never missed any child with talent; it was the mission of my Bone Assessment hall! 
After assessing Keera’s unusual bone structure yesterday, he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off, fearing they might miss out on a promising talent, which led him to consult the Sect Leader today. 
With such a physique, entering the Inner Sect shouldn’t be tough; she could at least take third plac 
“I’ll have the Sect Leader take a look later!” 
Jackson was on his way to the Disciplinary Hall when 
he encountered James. 
James had been screening candidates, and today’s selections were quite strict, giving an opportunity to all the Outer Sect disciples. Many of them, having 
heard the news, rushed over even though they hadn’t originally signed up. 
Startled, he hastily dumped the ensuing mess onto his third junior brother and turned around just to hear that Keera had gotten into trouble!
James immediately rushed over, and, sure enough, saw Jackson approaching the Disciplinary Hall. He went straight up to block him. 
Jackson looked at James and respectfully started. “Second Senior Brother.” 
James was always straightforward, and although the Gill family was one of the five major families, in Freeman Sect, one’s background was never considered, only martial arts ranking. 
Hence, James could almost do as he pleased within the sect. He directly ordered. “Keera is under my protection. Steer clear of her from now on!” 
Although he disliked that Keera had a gigolo, which was an insult to his third uncle, since the third uncle was going to host a banquet in four days, Keera needed to be spotless. 
Hearing this Jackson immediately frowned glanced 
around, and said, “Second Senior Brother, don’t tell me you fancy her too?” 
James immediately scolded him. “Don’t talk nonsense. She’s my third… Anyway, just leave her alone! Don’t go to the Disciplinary Hall, even if you do, I’ll say I told her to hit you. Let’s see what you’ll do then!” 
Jackson immediately lowered his head. “Second Senior Brother, your orders will be followed.” 
Only after James left did he relax. 
But once he was gone, Jackson raised his head again, a sinister look in his eyes, as he touched his neck. 
Even now, it still ached faintly as if it were about to
break. 
“I must take my revenge!” 
A hint of mockery flashed in his eyes. 
After winning today’s competition, Keira confirmed the schedule for the next few days with Matias and then left, returning home with Lewis. 
But unexpectedly, just as they reached their doorstep, 
she received a call from Matias. 
09.35 
< 
Matias said bluntly, “Keera, that Jackson is just too 
malicious. The moment you left, he began to spread rumors about you in the Freeman Sect, saying you, saying you…” 
The words following were too ugly for him to even say 
out loud. 
Keira sneered coldly. “Say what about me?”
Matias sighed. “He said you’re promiscuous, that you and your best friend Mary are nothing but prostitutes, that his brother Austin slept with Mary, and he slept 
with you…” 
Keira’s pupils suddenly constricted. 
She hadn’t expected Mary to also get dragged into th 
mess. 
On Mary’s end… there was already ambiguity about the child’s origin. Wouldn’t such a rumor be utterly soul-crushing? 
How was Mary going to live through this? 
Keira’s face instantly darkened, and she turned to Lewis, raging. “Find Austin!!” 
She had to make Austin put an end to this rumor! 
Meanwhile, at the Olsen residence. 
Mary was still unaware of the idle gossip outside as she descended from the bedroom, ready to have dinner 
with her family. 
Today was the Olsen family’s family banquet.
Every Tuesday, members of the Olsen family’s third branch would gather for a meal. 
As Mary just came downstairs, she saw James and a few other brothers looking at her with unfriendly, even hostile, eyes. 
She furrowed her brows, still clueless about what 
happened. 
Everyone was sitting on the sofa, waiting for the fan elders to arrive. 
Victoria, seeing that the place usually occupied by Christina was empty, felt a sense of crisis. 
She suddenly said, “Mary, do you know Austin?” 
The question made Mary furrow her brows and think carefully. “I suppose I do. I’ve negotiated a 
719 
collaboration with him before; the Davis Corporation also has business dealings with the Gill family.” 
Victoria immediately retorted with sarcasm, “So, it was really you who went to discuss the collaboration.” 
Mary was taken aback. “Yes.” 
In the past, the Davis Corporation’s many 
collaborations typically involved her accompanying her 
uncle.
She knew what her uncle was up to, but for the sake of her parents, she had no choice but to go along even if she was unwilling. 
Yet, as soon as she spoke, James slammed his teacup heavily onto the coffee table 
“Crash!” 
The water from his teacup splashed out, as James fiercely turned to Mary. “Mary, how can you say ‘yes’ so righteously? How can you face my brother?” 
Mary was perplexed. 
Victoria handed her a cell phone. “This has been circulating in the circle today; it’s filled with little 
stories about you and Austin. The details are 
surprisingly clear. Mary, I think you owe the Olsen 
family an explanation!”
###Chapter 393
Mary couldn’t believe what she was seeing as she took Victoria’s phone and saw the document named after today’s date. 
1 
She opened the document and saw that it renamed Austin to Mr. G and herself to Miss MD, narrating the love and hate between the two. 
The language was simple and crude, filled with vulgar and obscene words. 
Words like “breasts,” “buttocks,” and other provocative terms made Mary’s vision go dark. 
The document told the story of a hostess, except this hostess was high-class, exclusively entertaining the members of the five great families of Clance. 
This hostess seduced Mr. G repeatedly during the festivities and later found her way to his room, pleading sorrowfully to get Mr. G to agree to a 
collaboration between their families. 
The indecent jokes written above were almost too 
much to bear… 
< 
Mary read on, her fingers trembling with anger as she felt as if she had been stripped bare. Although she knew full well she hadn’t done such things, the writing was convincingly realistic. 
The document even specified the private room number of the hotel where the contract was signed, and what was more, there was a comment section below where someone anonymously provided evidence confirming that on that day, the Davis family and the Gll family indeed discussed a collaboration there. 
Mary and Austin were indeed in that private room that 
day… 
And someone came forward to testify, claiming to have seen Mary and Austin get into a car together after the 
meal! 
Mary felt a rush of frantic breaths and suddenly looked up, wanting to explain something, but though she opened her mouth, she found herself unable to speak. 
She instinctively glanced at Ellis. 
The others looked at him as well. 
< 
James couldn’t help but say, “Ellis, Mary has been 
exposed doing such things. We need to provide an explanation to the public!”
Benjamin immediately nodded. “This matter can’t be left as is. Mary, do you actually have that kind of relationship with Austin?” 
Mary hurriedly shook her head. “No.” 
Victoria then asked, “If not, why are there testimonies from the hotel staff? Mary, considering the timing, this child could be Austin’s. It’s not Ellis’s, right?” 
Upon hearing this, James thought about the report of azoospermia and subconsciously looked at Ellis, only to see his elder brother gripping his cup tightly. 
He remained silent. 
Benjamin immediately turned to Ellis, “Ellis, it can’t be, can it? This child isn’t really Austin’s, is it? If that’s the case, we can’t let this child be born! Otherwise, how much more shame would the Olsen family suffer?!” 
James also nodded in agreement. “Right, we can’t keep this child! Ellis, we might as well make it look like an accident and have her lose the child, that would be 
hatter for Quervonola ronutation and quan if we can’t 
< 
suppress this scandal now, it’ll quiet down after some time. But if we keep the child, there will always be talk of a DNA test in the future, and the child will become a perpetual topic for outsiders.” 
Victoria was astonished to hear this.
She looked at James in puzzlement, not understanding why he would say such things. 
She couldn’t help but frown and look toward Ellis again, only to see his expression cold and seemingly different from the smiling Ellis she knew before. 
She couldn’t help but furrow her brow. 
Could it be… Was this child really not Ellis’s? 
With this thought, she spoke with irritation, “Don’t like that. How could Ellis and Mary not know who th child’s father is? It should be Ellis’s child, right? If we calculate the timing, Mary’s pregnancy is almost three months along. Why don’t we wait a few more days and run a DNA test? Wouldn’t that solve it?” 
James opposed. “We can’t do a DNA test!” 
If they did, it would reveal that the child was not his 
Ellis’s! 
His reaction, however, made everyone turn their gaze 
toward him. 
Ellis seemed to sense something too, and looked 
toward him. 
James coughed. “I think having it done might actually be worse… but as of now, the best solution indeed seems to be an abortion, after all, the origins of this child are unclear…”
Mary heard their discussion, feeling as if the warmth from her entire body was being slowly drained away. 
Incredulously, she looked at everyone in the room, her gaze sweeping over each younger member of the Olsen family, finally resting on Ellis. 
She stared fixedly at Ellis. “I won’t have an abortion.” 
Ellis’s expression darkened. 
Even now, she was still protecting this bastard child. Perhaps its father wasn’t Mr. G, but who could it be that made her so defensive? 
Ellis’s eyes gradually reddened. 
He sneered, “It’s not me who’s telling you to have an 
abortion. It’s because of the mess you’ve created. If 
09.36 
you 
don’t have an abortion, how is the Olsen family supposed to explain this to the outside world?!” 
Mary was stunned by his words.
Her jaw tensed, and she clenched her fists tightly. “Ellis, this child is yours. What do I have that’s so hard to explain? When I’m three months pregnant, can’t we just get an amniocentesis done?” 
But Ellis suddenly stood up, “Without resolving this issue, do you want to turn the Olsen family into the laughingstock of the entire Clance?” 
He approached Mary, lowering his voice, and said, “You know very well whose child this is, why must I be the one to reveal it? Mary, I’ve said it, as long as you have the abortion, you’ll still be the good daughter-in-law the Olsen family!” 
Mary’s eyes rimmed with redness. 
She knew she had a bad reputation, but she hadn’t expected it to lead to such suspicions. 
She lowered her gaze. “There’s no need for that. If the Olsen family feels shamed, I’m willing to divorce you, so I won’t cause the Olsen family any more 
reputational trouble!” 
08.25 
Leaving those words behind, she turned to leave. 
But her wrist was suddenly seized by Ellis with a strong grip. “You think you can just walk away? And after that? The Olsen family will become the biggest joke in all of Clance!” 
Mary attempted to break free from his grasp, shouting angrily, “Then what do you want to do?”
Ellis stared at her intently. 
His gaze then fell on her abdomen… 
He’d been disgusted with this child for a long time. If Mary wanted the baby, he could have thought of other solutions, but he couldn’t stand Mary’s actions in protecting the child! 
All those abject pleas made him feel like the child’s father was very important to her! 
Ellis gave a bitter smile. 
He knew that after today, Mary might hate him, but he simply couldn’t carry on like this, so let it be! 
Even if she hated him, she would have to spend her life with him! 
7:3 
< 
Ellis directed his gaze to a servant nearby. “Go brew a 
bowl of abortion concoction.” 
The servant was startled but immediately nodded and 
left. 
Mary, incredulous, widened her eyes… 
She clenched her fists tightly, looking at Ellis in astonishment. “Ellis, don’t…”
“Mary, the abortion drug works quickly. After you take it, that evil seed will be gone, and afterward, I’ll treat you very well…” 
Ellis, however, held her tightly, refusing to let her go. 
2 
View All 
R 
You’ve arrived at the latest chapter!
###Chapter 394
Mary’s tears cascaded down her face. “Don’t, Ellis, I beg you…” 
“It’s no use. This time, I won’t be soft-hearted again!” 
Ellis’s stance was very firm, 
He held Mary’s arm tightly with one hand while the other gently straightened her hair. “Once this child is gone, these rumors will subside in time. Later, it’ll be just the two of us, side by side…” 
“Ellis! Don’t!!” Mary struggled to break free from his grip, almost shrieking, “I’m begging you! Don’t do this!” 
But Ellis didn’t give her another chance to speak and dragged her toward the guest bedroom. 
In the living room, James, Charles, and even Victoria were all stunned. 
The three of them watched the direction the two had left, all showing expressions of disbelief. 
Victoria couldn’t help but glance at James and coughed before saying, “James, are you saying that the child isn’t really Ellis’s?” 
294 Chapter 393 
James’s face showed a troubled expression as if he had something to say but didn’t dare to speak it. 
His straightforward nature was such that he could never keep a secret. 
Victoria might not have known what had happened, but she was sure that her guess was absolutely correct!
Charles, who was beside them, couldn’t help but say, “Does Ellis also suspect this? Was he tricked by Mary?” 
James snorted. “Fooling around before the wedding, I really don’t understand why Ellis would marry a woman like that, and Uncle Olsen too…” 
“What about me?” 
The voice of Uncle Olsen came through, causing James’s voice to trail off slightly, and he froze. Then he slowly turned around and smiled ingratiatingly. “Uncle, you are wise and peerless, truly beyond compare!” 
Uncle Olsen frowned. “Stop with the nonsense.” 
After that, he looked up the stairs, unable to resist asking, “Where are your big brother and 
sister-in-law?” 
39 Chapter 393 
James was taken aback and looked toward the side 
room. 
Uncle Olsen furrowed his brows. “What is it?” 
James coughed. “Ellis and Mary went to the guest 
room.” 
“Doing what in the guest room?”
As Uncle Olsen said this, he took a couple of steps toward the guest room. 
However, Victoria immediately said, “Uncle, Ellis and Mary are newlyweds. They surely have some private 
words to share. Let’s not disturb them!” 
Uncle Olsen didn’t think much of it and nodded, then 
took a seat on the sofa. 
In just a short while, Ellis’s parents also came in. 
Uncle Olsen greeted them. “Hello, guys.” 
Mr. Olsen was very polite to his younger brother, giving a nod with a smile, then quickly looking around, his brows furrowed in concern. “Where is Ellis? How come he hasn’t arrived yet? The child really doesn’t understand. How could he keep his Uncle waiting?” 
Mrs. Olsen explained to Uncle Olsen with a smile. “He must have been delayed by something.” 
Uncle Olsen didn’t mind them and simply asked both 
to sit down. 
Victoria’s gaze, however, returned to the direction of the guest room. 
Mary had married into the Olsen family relying on that child. If the child was gone, her in-laws would surely not tolerate her!
Before they were married, she dared to give trouble to her, as the younger sister-in-law. Now it was time for Mary to taste the bitterness of being utterly alone! 
Caught up in her thoughts, a maid came over with a bowl of medicine. 
The medicine emitted a strong bitter odor that immediately spread to the living room, alerting Mr. Olsen, Mrs. Olsen, and everybody else who saw the nanny carrying the medicine to the guestroom. 
Mrs. Olsen instantly stood up, tense with concern. “What’s this medicine? What’s happened? Mary isn’t feeling unwell, is she? She’s pregnant right now; she 
can’t just take any modicin 
Having said that, she stood up, ready to walk over 
there. 
But Victoria grabbed her arm. “Auntie, actually, I didn’t want to tell you all about this, but now I think I should.” 
She took out her phone and handed the document to Mrs. Olsen. 
Mrs. Olsen glanced at it only briefly before flinging the phone away. “What is this messy, filthy nonsense? Just looking at this thing could curse you with a sty! 
Victoria, you’re so young. Where did you get this from?” 
Victoria paused for a moment, her face tinged with awkwardness.
She then steered the conversation back on track. “No, this has been circulating in our circle. The hostess mentioned in it refers to your eldest daughter-in-law!” 
It was only then that Mrs. Olsen reacted. “What?” 
Victoria cast a glance at James before speaking up, “Everyone is saying that Austin wrote this. He admitted it himself. More than two months ago, he had a one-night stand with your daughter-in-law. As 
soon as Ellis heard it, he immediately dragged her to the guestroom and then had the nanny bring abortion pills…” 
Victoria expressed concern, Auntie, even if your daughter-in-law did get together with Austin, it was a mistake before marriage. Isn’t Ellis being a bit too 
harsh?” 
At these words, James couldn’t hold back, immediately retorting, “How is Ellis being too harsh? She married in carrying another man’s child, making a cuckold of him. Just having her terminate the pregnancy is already being kind to her!” 
These words left Victoria slightly dumbfounded. 
“James, what do you mean by that? Are you saying the child really isn’t the Ellis’s?” 
As Mrs. Olsen was about to rush over, she stopped in her tracks upon hearing this, looking bewildered at 
James.
James was choked up, and after a long pause, he finally spoke, “Yes, it’s not. That’s why Ellis’s actions are right. It should be this way! To prevent our Olsen Family’s reputation from being tarnished!” 
394 Chapter 383 
Victoria immediately asked, “How do you know it’s 
not?” 
This time, James protected Ellis’s privacy. “I just know. Don’t worry about how I found out!” 
Mr. Olsen and Mrs. Olsen exchanged glances, worry evident in their eyes. 
If the child wasn’t Ellis’s, should they still try to stop it?! 
In the guestroom. 
Ellis trapped Mary on the couch, staring at her intensely. 
His eyes were bloodshot as he gazed at Mary. 
Mary was still pleading desperately. “Ellis, no, this child is truly yours!” 
This only incited Ellis’s sense of irony. 
He had believed Mary’s lies and had gone to the hospital for tests over and over, only to be told each time that he had azoospermia… 
It couldn’t be that three different hospitals were 
deceiving him!
So, the only person deceiving him had to be Mary. 
He watched as Mary pleaded desperately before him, and suddenly, he grabbed her throat. “Mary, shut up! I don’t want to hear you say that again! I won’t believe 
you!” 
Mary’s voice indeed stopped 
Her eyes were red with swelling tears as she looked at Ellis. 
Ellis then slowly approached her. “Mary, terminate this pregnancy, keep to yourself from now on, and I’ll have a good life with you. I’ll treat you well…” 
Mary closed her eyes in agony, tears rolling do cheeks as she resignedly hung her head. 
Just then, the door to the adjacent bedroom was 
suddenly kicked open!
###Chapter 395
Mary’s eyes suddenly flared with a bright light as if she had spotted redemption. 
Ellis also tensed abruptly, turning around. 
He saw Uncle Olsen striding in, standing in front of 
them. 
Ellis clenched his fists. The usually headstrong man now looked as if he was greatly aggrieved, and he softly called out, “Uncle.” 
Uncle Olsen furrowed his brows. 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen rushed in as well. Upon seeing them, Mrs. Olsen immediately said, “Ellis, what on earth is going on?! Mary, is the child really Ellis’s?” 
Mary gave a wry smile upon hearing this. 
She looked at Ellis, her fists tightly clenched. “It’s his.” 
Ellis bellowed with rage. “Shut up!” 
Even at this point, Mary still insisted the child was his… Did she have no regard for dignity and just want to escape today’s ordeal?! 
305 Chapter 204 
Was the child really that important to her?! 
Mrs. Olsen, listening to their exchange, couldn’t help frowning. “Ellis, is the child yours or not?!”
Ellis’s eyes reddened, and he stared fixedly at Mary. 
Mary was still slumped on the sofa, looking up at him with a defiant and sorrowful expression he couldn’t 
understand. 
Ellis remained silent. 
Mrs. Olsen then said, “Ellis, I don’t know why you’re denying this child, or if you started having doubts after seeing that document, but Mary is almost three. months pregnant now. In a few days, we can do an amniocentesis, and everything will be clear. Don’t be rash today, okay?” 
She approached Ellis and said, “I know this has brought shame upon you, but a man’s dignity doesn’t come from a woman. Ellis, be rational. If you make her take this medicine today, the child will truly be gone. If it turns out later that the child is yours, you’ll regret it! And it will also cause irreversible damage between you and Mary!” 
Ellie planched his fiete oven fighter 
396 Chapter 394 
Mrs. Olsen then turned to Mary. “Mary, I’ll say one more thing. We won’t delve into what happened before the marriage; it’s the 21st century now, and everyone’s more open-minded. But if the child isn’t Ellis’s, then take this medicine, and let’s all pretend it never happened. If the child is Ellis’s, then can you agree to the amniocentesis?” 
Mary looked at her gratefully. “I choose to do the amniocentesis. In one more week, I’ll be three months pregnant!” 
Mrs. Olsen nodded at her words, “Alright.”
Then she turned to Ellis. “Let’s settle it this way then. Stop making a scene, okay? Everyone, come out 
time to eat…” 
She turned to leave after saying this. 
But halfway through, she realized Ellis hadn’t move 
Mrs. Olsen looked at him. 
Ellis seemed nailed to the spot, staring intently at Mary. “Do you have to take it this far?” 
Mary’s eyes were red as she looked back at him. 
Ellis suddenly hung his head “Whether the child is 
mine or not, you and I both know the truth. Why keep up this pretense of aggrievement? You don’t have a say in this matter, not here, not today.” 
His voice was hoarse, and there was an unprecedented harshness in his eyes as he spoke. 
But if he wasn’t harsh with Mary now, she would have 
the child and leave. 
She had given him divorce papers! 
At that thought, a restlessness stirred within Ellis. He loosened his tie and looked at Mary again. “You have to take this medicine today. If you don’t, I’ll force it down your throat!” 
Having said that, he snatched the bowl of medicine from the nanny’s hand and approached Mary.
He looked down at her from his superior position. “Mary, will you drink it yourself, or shall I help you?” 
Mrs. Olsen was startled by Ellis’s demeanor. “Ellis, what are you doing? Can’t you wait another week?” 
As soon as these words were spoken, James silently stepped forward. ” Aunt, don’t ask anymore! Ellis knows exactly what he’s doing! Does he not know 
what he’s done? You shouldn’t meddle in their affairs!” 
Mrs. Olsen was taken aback by his words. 
Had Ellis never slept with Mary? 
If that were the case, then the child definitely couldn’t 
be Ellis’s… 
As a mother and mother-in-law, she indeed shouldn’t interfere too much in the young couple’s life, so she furrowed her brows and chose to keep silent. 
Seeing this, Mr. Olsen didn’t speak either. 
Uncle Olsen looked toward Ellis. “Are you sure you won’t regret what you are doing today?” 
Ellis laughed softly. “I won’t.” 
He knew that forcing Mary to take the medicine bring their relationship to a freezing point, but ev so, it was better than losing her. 
Let her hate him. As long as they could stay entangle
in each other’s lives for the rest of their lives… 
Uncle Olsen frowned upon seeing Ellis’s resolute appearance and sighed. 
It was, after all, a matter between husband and wife… 
396 Chapter 394 
Mary clenched her fists, fixating on Ellis, her gaze landing on the bowl of medicine in his hands. 
She wanted to say something, but the words “the child 
is his” had been said too many times, and she had 
grown weary! 
No one would believe her. 
Her reputation was so poor that everyone who saw that post thought it was true. 
Mary’s eyes gradually reddened, and her eyes began to moisten. 
She looked at Ellis again. 
The young man had stood up to save her when she w bullied, but the halo around him seemed to fade slowl and now, it had turned into Ellis’s fierce visage. 
She clenched her fingers tightly. 
Her lips trembled. “Ellis, I can take the medicine, but after I do, I want you to test the child’s DNA after it comes out. Do you dare to do that?”
She was going to make him regret it for a lifetime!! 
Ellis was slightly taken aback by her stubborn look. 
Victoria said, “Mary, what do you mean by that? Ellis’s attitude has made it clear to us that the child isn’t his. If there was any possibility that the child was my brother’s, why would he force you to have an abortion? So, whether we do the test or not, what difference does it make?” 
James also said, “Mary, after you take the medicine, we won’t look down on you for what happened today! Don’t be so stubborn!” 
Victoria nodded and said slowly, “You have tarnished the reputation of the Olsen Family, and the Olsens have already been very lenient with you, what else is there for you to struggle with?” 
Yet Mary kept her eyes on Ellis, asking word b “Do you dare to do that?” 
Ellis furrowed his brows, not knowing why, but a sudden, a sense of powerlessness and panic surge his heart as if just now, he seemed to have lost something… 
He wanted to grasp it firmly, and so he said, “I do!” 
“Fine, then I’ll take the medicine.” 
Morutoak the hawl from hig handa
###Chapter 396
Mary looked at the medicine in her hands. The liquid exuded a pungent bitterness, but that bitterness 
couldn’t compare to the chill in her heart at this 
moment. 
1 
She lowered her head again and looked at her flat abdomen. 
Not even three months had passed, so her belly had always remained inconspicuous. 
Yet in these three months, she had gradually become accustomed to its presence, instinctively protecting her belly when someone approached. 
She had even dreamed several times, dreaming of meeting this adorable child. 
Dreaming that it might be half like Ellis, half like 
herself… 
Now, she ultimately still couldn’t protect the baby… 
Mary’s eyes gradually moistened, and she felt a pervasive sense of utter despair and melancholy. 
She looked at Ellis once more. 
She didn’t know whether she should blame him… or how much to blame him. 
3 
After all, during those past few years, she indeed lived in a daze, dragged out by her uncle to drink and to socialize. In the eyes of others, she had long been labeled a notorious girl involved in compensated 
dating… 
Mary lowered her head and let out a bitter laugh. 
Suddenly, she said, “Ellis, don’t do the DNA test.” 
Ellis was startled. 
She looked down, not speaking, just quietly staring 
ahead. 
Her refusal to request a DNA test seemed to confirm even more that the child wasn’t his. 
But for some reason, he felt a panic deep within. 
Mary’s tears fell, landing in the bowl of medicine. She said softly, “Don’t do it. I’ll set you free.” 
With the child gone, going through with the DNA test would be the ultimate cruelty to Ellis, wouldn’t it? 
She had been angry just a moment ago, wanting to let 
08 22
him know the truth in a fit of rage.. 
But just now, she had decided to let it go. 
She forced a smile, picked up the bowl of medicine, and was about to drink it. 
But in the next moment, her wrist was grasped. 
Mary was taken aback and looked up, only to see Ellis staring at her intently, his eyes filled with confusion. 
He didn’t even understand what he was doing… 
Nor did he understand why he suddenly stopped her… 
Once he came to his senses, Ellis let go of her hand and took a step back. 
Mary didn’t speak but picked up the bowl again. 
Just then, a voice came from the doorway. “Mary!” 
Mary looked up instinctively 
She saw Keira and Lewis rush in, with Keira holding a man whose face was bruised and swollen-it was Austin! 
The Olsen family’s butler followed them, also a bit disheveled. As soon as he entered, he immediately 
apologized “Inola Olgen M Ellic Corr
we couldn’t 
III 
< 
< 
stop them…” 
James immediately widened his eyes. “Keera, you, you’ve gone too far! You actually, you actually…” 
He pointed at Lewis. 
It was bad enough that she associated with Uncle Olsen, but she even brought that gigolo over! 
It was just outrageous! 
But before he could finish his accusation, he heard Uncle Olsen say in a cool, detached voice. “Let it be known, from now on, Miss… 
Uncle Olsen hesitated for a moment, then pointed decisively at Keira. “Remember her. Whenever she comes, let her in without question!” 
Whether she was Keira or Keera, she was still his 
daughter!
The butler, not understanding why, nevertheless nodded immediately. “Yes!” 
It was then that Uncle Olsen approached Keira. “How did you get here?” 
But Keira was looking at Mary, and at the same time, 
she saw the medicine in her hands. She rushed over 
immediately, snatched the bowl away, and demanded, 
“What is this?” 
No one in the room spoke. 
Keira glared at Ellis and demanded again, “What is 
this!” 
Ellis’s face was stern. “An abortion drug.” 
Keira was so angry her fingers were trembling. 
She glanced at Mary, seeing her in a pathetic state, trapped on the sofa without any chance of leaving. With her eyes reddening, she turned to the other people in the room and shouted angrily, “He made a foolish mistake, but didn’t any of you think to stop 
him?!”
Mr. and Mother Olsen had tried to intervene, but to no avail; upon hearing this, they could only let out a helpless sigh. 
James looked toward Uncle Olsen. 
In front of so many people, this Keera had rebuked them all. Surely Uncle wouldn’t indulge her, right? 
Unexpectedly, Uncle Olsen just opened his mouth as if 
he wanted to explain something, but in the end, he. didn’t speak. 
Even Ellis, with a sullen mood, remained silent. 
Unable to contain himself, James burst out. “Keera, who do you think you are? It’s not your place to meddle in our family’s affairs. You…” 
Before he could finish, Keira ignored him and looked at Ellis. “Just because of some rumors outside, you suspect her? Have you ever asked Austin?” 
Ellis’s icy gaze swept over Austin. 
Upon the ground, Austin stiffened. 
Ellis didn’t elaborate further, nor mention that last 
time he had almost beaten a man to death who had
insisted, all the while, that he indeed slept with Mary. 
Without a word from him, Keira’s chest heaved with 
anger. 
She turned back and kicked the bound Austin, 
demanding, “Speak! What exactly happened between you and Mary?!” 
Austin’s nose was bruised, and his face was swollen from being beaten. 
Looking at Keira, his eyes were fraught with panic and fear. His gaze shifted briefly toward Lewis, and upon seeing the man’s chilling stare, Austin shuddered all 
over. 
Who could have imagined that while he was drinking in a bar, some ferocious people would suddenly barge in, pick him up, and, presenting that document, demand whether he was the one behind the scheme. 
Austin had initially underestimated them and nodded. “Yes, Mary slept with me. So what? Is she daring to do but not to admit it?” 
When Keira struck him, he stubbornly denied
everything. 
Not until the man beside her suddenly stopped her, asking for half an hour’s time. 
Then, during the following half hour, Austin underwent the most terrifying experience of his life! 
That seemingly tall and frail gigolo had methods that were exceedingly cruel. He soaked several sheets of paper and laid them one by one on Austin’s face. 
Austin thought that as a member of the Gill family, no 
one would dore low hands on him 
So, he initially kept denying everything until whenever he fell silent, the other man showed no intention of removing the paper! 
The feeling of suffocation, of nearly dying, was too horrifying. 
It was so terrifying that just thinking about it made him shudder all over. 
He knew if he didn’t tell the truth, the man would really kill him! 
Even in front of Ellis, Austin knew that out of respect for the five major families, Ellis would spare his life, otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to explain to the Gill family. 
But facing this man…
Austin swallowed hard. 
Ellis had already begun to speak slowly. “I’ve asked him already, and he won’t come forward to clarify it… Keera, all this you’re doing is pointless.” 
Almost as soon as these words were uttered, they were followed by Austin’s cries, wailing like a howling wolf. “I’ll clarify it! Who says I won’t? Why are you 
###Chapter 397
Ellis paused slightly. 
1 
Everyone around was stunned, looking at him with confusion. 
Austin cried out, “I fell for Mary. After all, she’s known as a high and mighty beauty in Clance. Many of us wanted to sleep with her, but since she’s the legitimate daughter of the Davis family, we didn’t dare to overstep. Later, when she fell from grace, everyone wanted to get close. We just like to brag, that’s all!” 
He looked at Mary. “That last time, when she accompanied her uncle and me for dinner, I took a liking to her. Her uncle implied that she should keep me company, but as soon as her uncle left, she made up an excuse to leave. I couldn’t let her leave at that point, so I forced myself on her…” 
This statement caused Ellis’s pupils to contract sharply, and he stared at Austin fiercely. 
Austin immediately panicked and explained. “Hey, I haven’t finished yet… I tried to force her, but she still got away. However, I had already bragged about it that 
397 
ter 
day, and when my friends asked afterward, I couldn’t
admit that I hadn’t slept with her, right? So I just 
insisted that I did!” 
Austin’s crying confession silenced everyone. 
After a long pause, Victoria finally said, “Then why does your article describe things so clearly, even saying that my sister-in-law has a mole on her lower back? Ellis, does Mary have one?” 
Ellis remained silent. 
He had read every word of that article. 
God knows how furious and crazed he felt after 
reading those details, especially the clear descripti of Mary’s body! 
That was also why he lost his reasoning today and insisted that Mary have an abortion! 
It wasn’t just the mole on her back; even the one on her chest was described explicitly. 
How could anyone know so much if they hadn’t seen it 
for themselves?! 
08.22 
His silence was an admission to the matter. 
Victoria then turned to Austin. “You didn’t confess under pressure, did you?”
Keira scoffed as she looked at Victoria. Before she could speak, Austin had already shouted, “Victoria, do you have a grudge against me? I already said I didn’t sleep with her. Why do you keep harping on me? Everyone knows the mole on her back and other marks, but it doesn’t mean I slept with her. It only means someone else did!” 
Austin looked at Mary. “She’s been known in our circle as a girl who gets around, so when she rejected me that day, I was furious. Now that I think about it, I understand. She’s hitched herself to Ellis, so she’s cutting ties with her former casual acquaintances fr the circle, right?” 
At these words, Keira kicked him hard in the stomach, sending him sliding far away side-on, a testament to 
the force of her kick! 
Austin howled in pain, clutching his abdomen. “Alright, I won’t talk nonsense anymore. I’ll clear it up now. Mary and I are completely innocent! I swear, if I really 
slept with her, may lightning strike me five times!”. 
Everyone believed him after this declaration. 
Mr. Olsen stepped forward, pushing Ellis aside, and Mrs. Olsen went to help Mary. “Mary, I’m sorry you’ve been wronged!” 
Since Mary had married into the Olsen family, Mrs. Olsen had always been kind to her. 
Mary was grateful. She nodded to Mrs. Olsen and then turned to Ellis.
Mrs. Olsen immediately pushed Ellis. “Ellis, you really shouldn’t have misunderstood Mary because of a few rumors! Apologize to Mary right away! You’re still newlyweds. How can you allow such 
misunderstandings!” 
Ellis, however, remained silent. 
Mrs. Olsen wanted to say more, but James spoke first. “Aunt, don’t pressure my brother. He has his reasons! Besides, Austin only said he didn’t sleep with Mary, but who knows if anyone else did…” 
“Shut up!” 
“Shut up!” 
08.23 
410 
Keira and Uncle Olsen scolded at the same time and 
then looked at each other. 
Uncle Olsen gazed at her with clear, upright eyes. 
Keira coughed and turned away. 
But James’s eyes wandered between the two, finally curling his lips in disdain. 
Keera and Uncle Olsen really were in sync! 
As she thought about this, Keira had already turned to Ellis. “In a few days, the embryo will be three months old. At that time, we can do the amniocentesis and check the DNA, can’t we? Are you saying
you can’t even wait a few days?” 
Mrs. Olsen also said, “Ellis, I don’t know what has happened between you and Mary, but since you married, Mary has been either at home or with Miss Keera. I have seen everything she does, and sometim when judging a person, we can’t always rely on rumors. She may have had her reasons for 
accompanying drinkers in the past, and there must be some misunderstanding between you two.” 
Ellis still didn’t speak. 
Mrs. Olsen then went to Mary’s side. “Mary, as long as there’s even a slight chance that the child is Ellis’s, I’m willing to wait for you to prove your innocence!” 
Mary’s eyes reddened in an instant. 
In Mrs. Olsen, she saw the maternal love and kindness she had never seen from her own mother. 
Mr. Olsen also said, “Right, I think you and Ellis should live separately for now. Rest assured, we won’t let Ellis hurt you again before the DNA test!” 
“Don’t bother.” 
Keira’s voice was cold as she spoke. “Mary, come with 
me.” 
“Why should she?”
Before anyone else could speak, James intervened. “Keera, aren’t you meddling too much? This is the Olsen family’s affair! My brother and sister-in-law jus have a small misunderstanding. What right do you have to take someone away?” 
Keira still ignored this idiot and instead looked at Ellis. “I’m taking Mary with me. When the three months are up, I’ll take her and you to get tested, at my own 
08.23 
? 
facility.” 
Leaving these words behind, she went over and took Mary’s hand. “Let’s go.” 
All these people had gathered here, yet not a single one prevented Ellis from doing the ridiculous thing. That made Keira furious. 
She didn’t trust leaving Mary here any longer. 
Mary wanted to protect the child too, so she followed behind her. With Lewis joining them, the three headed outside, prompting the butler to immediately look at Uncle Olsen. 
If Uncle Olsen gestured, he would immediately call people to intercept them. 
Unexpectedly, Uncle Olsen just pursed his lips and didn’t . 
The butler was dumbfounded.
The Olsen family watched as Keira barged in and took the person away. Only after her and Lewis’s car noises had faded into the distance did James turn to Uncle ?lsen. “Uncle, she’s too arrogant…” 
“Shut up!” 
08.23 
718 
C 
The reply to him was another short retort from Uncle 
Olsen. 
This time, James was truly annoyed. “Uncle, how can you do this? For the sake of a woman, you let Ellis suffer such an insult! Have you gone senile? Besides, that woman clearly isn’t any good. She even brought a gigolo in with her. She has shown you no respect, are you blind? Didn’t you see it? Or are you like Ellis, actually enjoying being a cuckold?” 
Uncle Olsen was startled at these words. “What 
cuckold?”
###Chapter 398
James was truly bursting with frustration. 
1 
He felt that every single person in this family had some sort of grave illness! 
His Ellis had azoospermia, yet he married a sister-in-law who was pregnant! 
As for Uncle Olsen… he was hopelessly in love! Keera even brought a gigolo brazenly home, and he still indulged her! 
Uncle Olsen then frowned and looked at Ellis. 
Why did James’s words seem to confirm that Mary’s child wasn’t Ellis’s? Was there something he didn’t 
know? 
Ellis was burning with anger and turned his gaze directly to James, extending his hand! 
“Slap!” 
He slapped James across the face. “Shut your mouth!” 
James was stunned; although he had always been thick-skinned and brash, the atmosphere at home had 
< 
always been good. With Uncle Olsen’s personality, at most, he had grabbed him as a child and spanked him. The seven brothers were close and never distinguished between those who were born of the same parents 
and those who were not. 
Now, his Ellis had slapped him… for two women?! 
He was utterly infuriated. “Great, I’m here speaking out 
and you’re hitting me? Ellis, Uncle Olsen, 
for 
you, 
you’ve disappointed me!” 
After uttering these words, James turned around and 
ran outside. 
Charles couldn’t help running after him. “James, what’s 
wrong?” 
Ellis looked at his own hand.
Although certain that the child wasn’t his own, he had just instinctively tried to defend Mary’s reputation again. How contradictory he was! 
His gaze dropped, and he looked dazed. 
Uncle Olsen stared at him, and suddenly said, “Come 
with me!” 
This family banquet was definitely not going to happen 
now. 
The rest of them gradually dispersed, and Mr. and Mrs. Olsen looked worriedly at Ellis but said nothing. 
Ellis had always been raised under Uncle Olsen’s watchful eye, as he had been grooming him to take over the family business in the future. 
Although Mr. and Mrs. Olsen were his parents, they had taken a hands-off approach with him, so now that Uncle Olsen clearly intended to chastise him, they 
remained mostly silent. 
Ellis followed Uncle Olsen into the study. 
Uncle Olsen asked, “Tell me, what’s all this about?”
After a long silence, Ellis finally said, “I have 
azoospermia.” 
Uncle Olsen was taken aback, but showed little 
reaction, asking only, “Are you sure?” 
In truth, he didn’t have a great longing for offspring. If Keera and Keira weren’t his daughters, he would have 
been content without children in his lifetime. 
So, when it came to the condition of azoospermia, he 
was quite accepting. 
< 
Ellis sighed. “I went to three hospitals, and all of them diagnosed me with azoospermia.” 
Uncle Olsen’s brow furrowed. “Then what about that 
child?” 
“Mary insists the child is mine,” Ellis spoke with
clenched teeth. “No matter what I say or do, she insists 
it’s mine! Who’s the father of that child? Does she love 
him so much that she has to have this child for him?” 
Uncle Olsen coughed. “Keera’s attitude doesn’t seem 
fake.” 
Ellis took a deep breath. “Then Keera has been deceived by her too! Just now, did you see that? Her demeanor was as if I’d wronged her, but in reality, Uncle Olsen, I’m the one who’s suffering inside!” 
In front of Uncle Olsen, Ellis finally let go of all his pride and facade, slumping into the sofa and collapsing there. “I might have fallen for Mary. I asked her to choose between the child and me and to have an 
abortion. She chose to have the child and then 
divorced me… 
“Uncle, tell me, what am I to her? Just a tool to obtain 
06.47 
< 
her child’s birth certificate?”
Uncle Olsen coughed and reminded him harshly, “Nowadays, you can get that without a father.” 
Ellis was speechless. 
He dejectedly lowered his head. “I just wanted to keep her. Without that child, there would have been no 
issue between her and me…” 
Uncle Olsen sighed softly, “Ellis, you need to understand that sometimes the tighter you hold on, the less you have. If you let go, you can have the whole 
world.” 
Ellis stood there, stunned, when he heard these words. 
James ran to the parking lot, getting ready to drive around and get some fresh air. 
Charles followed, jumping into his car. “James, what’s gotten into you? I see Uncle and Ellis are fine. Why are you taking up their cause here?” 
James was indignant. He glanced back at the brightly lit house and couldn’t help but say, “Well, I can let it slide with Ellis. After all, he tried to force his wife have 
an abortion today, but do you know what the most outrageous part is?”
“What?” 
“It’s our uncle! There’s a family reunion banquet in four days. Do you know what kind of reunion it is?” 
“No.” 
Charles was still young and was attending university, and he wasn’t very informed about family matters. 
James gritted his teeth and said, “We are about to have 
a new aunt!” 
“What?!” 
Charles was extremely excited. “Then why are you angry?” 
“The new aunt is Keera. Did you notice the man with her when she came in today?” 
Charles nodded, his expression confused. 
James chuckled coldly. “That’s her kept man, her gigolo!” 
Charles was stunned, “Wha… what?!” 
Tomos anorted “Curprising ign’t it? I Inola ia quch 
<
astute man, and to think at his age he fell for such a woman. And to make matters worse, she’s playing him while seeing another man, even having the audacity to bring him home today…” 
Charles stuttered, “There’s got to be some misunderstanding here, right?” 
“What misunderstanding could there be?” 
Charles thought for a moment. “Why don’t we go ask Uncle and clear things up?” 
“Ha!” James scoffed. “What good would that do? Ellis got physical with me today just because I said something!” 
Charles said, “…Then we’ll ask Keera for the truth!” 
This suggestion made James’s eyes light up. “Yes, we’ll talk to Keera and clear things up. Make her choose between the gigolo and Uncle!” 
“Alright.” 
The two dunces agreed and drove straight to Keira’s 
residence. 
At the Olsen residence. 
<
Keira had just gotten home, having escorted Mary upstairs. 
Mary was exhausted, both physically and mentally, and wanted to be alone, so she expressed that she was fine 
and asked Keira to leave. 
Keira understood and left the room but couldn’t help sighing as she turned to Lewis with a question. “What do you think, did that idiot Ellis ever get a full check-up for his own health?” 
Lewis was about to respond when there came a knock 
on the door. 
He and Keira went downstairs and saw James and 
Charles standing outside. 
At that moment, James had an aggressive look on his face as well as a clear imprint of a slap. He sneered. “Keera, between this gigolo and my uncle, who do you 
choose?!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She was completely bewildered, “Why would I have to 
choose?” 
James said, “If you don’t choose, how can you do right
06.68 
< 
+29 
by my uncle? If you want to be with my uncle, then 
you should be faithful and clean up all these rotten flings of yours!” 
Keira was confused. 
She instantly realized what was happening, and at that 
moment, she thought back to Ellis calling her “aunt” at 
the Freeman Sect… 
She couldn’t help but feel both amused and exasperated as she said, “Have you misunderstood something? My relationship with your uncle isn’t what you think!” 
“Then what kind of relationship could it be?!”
###Chapter 399
“We’re…” 
Just as Keira was about to speak, she was interrupted by James. “Stop making a scene here and looking for excuses. I’ll just ask you, are you breaking up with this gigolo or not!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She crossed her arms and simply couldn’t be bothered to explain anymore. 
She just watched James acting like a clown and hopping mad. 
She turned her head to glance at Lewis, who raised an eyebrow but still stood there, smiling at her. ” A gigolo?” 
Keira lazily said, “You’re eating my food and living at my place. If you’re not a gigolo, then what are you?” 
Lewis couldn’t help but laugh, his gaze deep as he looked at her, “Well, I am living at your place.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
06.48 
0 
She always felt that ever since the two of them got together, he was always ready to flirt. 
She coughed lightly and withdrew her gaze.
But James roared, “Keera, what else do you have to say? Your eyes are practically melting. Don’t tell me you’re still going to deny your relationship with him?” 
Keira said, “I’m not denying it.” 
“You…” 
James was furious. “Don’t think that because Uncle 
Olsen dotes on you, I’ll tolerate you indefinitely. Let me tell you, as for the Freeman Sect matter, do you still dream of entering the main lineage? Don’t even 
think about it!” 
Keira spread her hands. “Is that so? You’ve tried it, 
then?” 
James was infuriated by her indifferent attitude and 
turned to leave. 
Charles followed him, glancing at Keira. “You! Just you 
wait!” 
The stupid brothers left the South family. 
0 
Keira just pursed her lips and closed the door. 
As soon as the door was shut, her waist was grasped by a burning hot hand. 
Keira immediately pushed him away. “What are you doing?” 
“I just wanted to say, I not only eat your food and live at your house, but I also want to sleep with you…” 
1 
As soon as the last few words were uttered, Keira’s cheeks instantly turned a shade of crimson in embarrassment. She looked down and coughed lightly. “Why are you talking nonsense?” 
Lewis chuckled lowly, his voice like a cello resonating in her ear. “I mean I’ll sleep in your bed. What were you thinking?” 
Keira was speechless. 
That night, Lewis not only slept in Keira’s bed but also slept with her. 2 
The next day, when Keira got up, she saw the man 
looking refreshed and satisfied. She couldn’t help but sigh. 
“What’s wrong?” 
0 
Lewis asked. 
Keira replied, “I’m thinking, maybe we should sleep in separate rooms.”
Lewis stiffened and immediately coughed. “Is that 
necessary?” 
“Then let’s discuss being more restrained.” 
“What about… seven times a week?” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
“Then six?” 
“Five, can’t do any less!” 
Keira stared at him, grinding her teeth as she replied, 
“Medical research shows, for a man, twice or three 
times a week is best for you! 
“You don’t understand.” 
Lewis slowly said, “A woman hits her prime at thirty when a man’s ability starts to fade. While I’m not yet thirty, let’s catch up on what I owe you.” 
0 
Keira felt she couldn’t continue this conversation with 
the man.
Why did it feel like Lewis’s domineering image was about to crack whenever such topics came up?! 
“Please maintain your coolness!” 
Keira fled from the room and just as she stepped outside. She bumped into Mary, who was just leaving her room. 
Her eyes were red-rimmed and slightly swollen. She clearly cried the night before. 
Keira’s face tensed up, unsure of how to comfort her. While she was wracking her brain, Mary suddenly turned to her. “Keera, I gave Ellis a divorce agreement and asked him to sign it. Can you… help me with that?” 
A DNA test was certainly necessary. 
But she would help Keira and agree to divorce Ellis 
after the child was born. 
Yet Keira didn’t understand. “Do you want to get a divorce right now?” 
Mary paused. “I want the child to be born legitimate.” 
399 Chapter 
Without a father, the child would always be insulted as a bastard, but if born within a marriage, the child would be regarded as legitimate. 
Understanding her point, Keira said, “I’ll help you. You’ll stay with me until you give birth.”
Mary nodded and smiled. 
Keira didn’t stay at home with Mary, as today there 
was an official martial arts competition at the Freeman 
Sect. 
The Outer Sect Disciples of the Freeman Sect were those with less talent identified during Bone 
Assessment and therefore had a tough time 
progressing to the Inner Sect and becoming legitimat 
members of the sect. 
This martial arts competition, although a path to progression, was incredibly harsh on them. 
The elimination process was direct: two would fight 
and one would win. 
The selection was done by drawing lots, and bad luck could mean the third-strongest contestant might have 
09,48 
0 
< 
to face the strongest. Such misfortune would lead to immediate elimination with no further chance until 
next year. 
So each year, those who were relatively weaker might advance through luck… 
Keira couldn’t rely on luck. 
When she drew her lot at the Freeman Sect, Matias immediately crowded in, frowning. “Keera, your luck is just too bad, isn’t it?” 
Keira was slightly stunned, “What do 
you mean?” 
Matias immediately replied, “The person you’ve drawn, Erick Miles, is the most capable fighter amongst Jackson’s men! Facing him is going to be trouble!” 
He sighed silently, a bit anxious for her. “By the way, after you hit Jackson yesterday, someone saw him going to the Disciplinary Hall. If James hadn’t smoothed things over, you’d be in trouble for 
assaulting a superior, and the Freeman Sect definitely won’t let it slide.” 
The Freeman Sect, being a martial arts family, had 
strict rules. 
0 
To prevent disciples from fighting and causing trouble among themselves, the sect managed the hierarchy and ranking very strictly. 
Keira was somewhat concerned that without James’s 
protection, Jackson might cause her trouble… 
As for James… 
She touched her chin, wondering whether to clarify her relationship with Uncle Olsen. 
It felt somewhat wrong. 
She would wait. After all, the family banquet was in three days, and everything would come to light then. 
As for the situation at the Freeman Sect, even if the matter reached the Disciplinary Hall, it would take a few days… 
While she was thinking of this, Jackson approached with a scowl, bringing his people and stopping in front of her. “Keera, you assaulted my older brother Austin 
yesterday. I’ve reported this matter today! Just wait for the Freeman Sect’s punishment!” 
Keira glanced at him and casually rotated her fist. “What now? Are you itching for another beating?” 
0 
399 Cha
el 398 
“You…” 
Enraged but itching to retaliate, Jackson then turned to Erick, his expression darkening. “You’re about to fight Keera soon, right? Make sure you show no mercy! Teach our little Keera a proper lesson!” 
Erick immediately nodded, looking darkly at Keira. 
Keira raised an eyebrow, unable to resist asking Matias, “Is Erick really that strong?” 
“Super strong!” Matias answered. “He’s among the best Outer Sect Disciples, capable of ranking within the top three. The last couple of years, he was just unlucky, always facing the top rankers and ended up staying 
behind.” 
Keira, not knowing much about martial arts, had no idea how powerful her master really was. 
Hearing this made her worry, “Can I beat him?” 
Matias sighed. “Definitely not, Keera. Don’t you have any understanding of yourself?” 
Keira was speechless. 
That wasn’t good! 
0 
Suddenly, she felt a bit nervous. If she really couldn’t beat her opponent on stage later and couldn’t escape… 
She coughed, took out her phone, and sent Lewis a message. “If I lose later, remember to come back and 
bail me out.” 
3 
R 
###Chapter 400
Outside the Freeman Sect. 
Sitting in the car, Lewis raised an eyebrow when he saw this WhatsApp message. 
Tom, who had already returned to Clance, was sitting in the backseat looking at him. He immediately asked upon seeing the message, “Boss, aren’t you worried 
about Miss Olsen?” 
Lewis tossed his phone to the side. “She might have a slight misunderstanding of her own strength.” 
Tom was perplexed. 
Unable to hold back, Tom blurted out, “I’ve never seen Miss Olsen able to fight her way out. When we were in Oceanion, there were a few times when she was restrained by bodyguards!” 
Lewis couldn’t help but give him a sideward glance. “The time she got restrained was because of Grandma.” 
Reflecting for a moment, Tom understood and immediately nodded, “Right, right, it was because of old Mrs. Horton! Speaking of which, old Mrs. Horton is 
also 
in Clance this time, just waiting for you to bring Miss Olsen home!”
Lewis glanced at the Freeman Sect and sighed softly, “Tell Grandma, I won’t be coming back yet.” 
Before he could clarify Keera’s identity, he couldn’t rightfully bring Keira back to meet Grandma… 
Inside the Freeman Sect. 
After Keira sent the message and saw that Lewis hadn’t replied, she felt a bit puzzled. 
Did her phone have no reception? 
While pondering this, Jackson stepped forward, regarding her coldly. “It’s useless to call anyone now. Even if James were here, he would have to abide by the drawing of lots! Keera, if you kneel and beg for mercy now, I might let you off, asking Erick to show you some leniency!” 
Keira remained silent. 
Her expression became grave. 
Kneeling and begging for mercy was out of the 
2A0 
. 
question. 
The only thing she could do now was to try her hardest to defeat Erick! 
Keira took a deep breath and said earnestly, “Alright 
then, let’s do this!”
She walked to the foot of the fighting stage. 
The martial arts competition even had a stage set up for matches according to the order of the draw. 
Keira was the fifteenth. 
The contenders ahead of her got beaten black and blue on the stage, and every time they came down, the defeated ones were covered in injuries, a sight that 
made Keira’s heart pound with fear. 
She had anemia due to iron deficiency; if she accidentally got wounded… 
What was that man Lewis doing? He didn’t even reply 
to her message. 
The key point was that she had left Samuel in Oceanion because the company there was still preparing to go public… 
What if she lost too much blood later? Who would she 
get to save her? 
Looking around, she could only turn to Matias. “If I lose too much blood and faint, remember to take me 
to the hospital for IV fluids. In addition to a blood transfusion, I also need an iron supplement.”
Matias was speechless. 
Keera’s serious warning threw his heart into disarray. 
He looked over at Erick again. “Keera, are you sure you 
can do this?” 
“I’ll give it a try.” 
Keira sounded uncertain. “If I lose, there’s nothing I 
can do. But if I somehow win, does that mean I have a chance to make it to the finals and become an Inner 
Sect Disciple?” 
Matias nodded. “You definitely have a chance!” 
But then he looked her up and down. “But how can you beat Erick? Have you forgotten? When the two of us were just starting to practice martial arts, Jackson bullied us, and we both teamed up and fought against him, yet when Erick stepped in, he took us both down. 
– 
< 
Neither of us can defeat him alone… Maybe you should
just admit defeat as soon as you step on the stage!” 
“There’s a rule on the dueling platform that if the opponent doesn’t admit defeat, you can keep fighting!” 
Just as Matias finished speaking, Jackson came over with a beaming smile, raising an eyebrow at Keira. “Keera, are you really sure about this? Are you certain you want to fight Erick? 
“Don’t tell me you actually think you’re something special just because you lasted three moves against the second senior brother? Doesn’t everyone know that he went easy on you guys this year? Weren’t you also at the martial arts tournament last year? Didn’t you fail to withstand the second move from the third senior 
brother? 
“If you humbly admit your mistake now, there’s still a chance… The platform is now on the fourteenth match, and it’s almost your turn against Erick.” 
Jackson went on and on, and Keira couldn’t help but stick a finger in her ear and look at him. “Are you a frog? You’re so noisy!” 
Jackson was shocked. 
His face suddenly darkened. “Fine, since you’re so unappreciative, then don’t blame Erick for not showing 
you any mercy!” 
Keira pursed her lips.
In the stands. 
James was constantly observing from their side, holding the latest list of matching contestants. When he saw that Keera was up against Erick, he couldn’t help but frown. 
During the last screening, he intentionally went easy on others, but when it was Keera’s turn, he also didn’t control his strength well, and somehow, she managed to dodge his three moves. 
Thinking about it now, he still found it unbelievable, feeling that he had underestimated this Outer Sect Disciple. 
But no matter what, she couldn’t possibly defeat Erick, 
could she? 
Erick was one of the formidable ones among the Outer Sect Disciples… 
Thinking this, he suddenly caught sight of Elder Grant, 
who took a seat in the stands and asked, “Has Keera 
finished her match?” 
“Not yet.” 
After the other Elders answered, Elder Grant nodded.
While they conversed, the fourteenth match finally concluded, and the defeated side was carried off, sent 
straight to the hospital, not only with a bruised nose and swollen face but almost drenched in blood stains. 
Seeing his pitiable state, Keira couldn’t help but worry about her own safety even more. 
When the presiding Elder announced the fifteenth match, Keira coughed and looked at Matias. 
“Remember, if I lose too much blood, send me to the 
hospital for an iron infusion, okay?” 
Matias was dumbfounded. 
So were the rest of the people. 
Even Elder Grant in the stands couldn’t help but furrow his brows. 
That day, during the Bone Assessment, he sensed that she should be very formidable, but why did an Outer Sect Disciple seem so concerned and lack confidence? 
09.45 
Outer Sect Disciples were those without much talent, any random Inner Sect Disciple could easily defeat
them… 
Elder Grant suddenly started doubting his judgment from that day, could it be that he assessed her wrong? 
Wouldn’t that mean he had misled the Sect Leader for 
nothing! 
He thought he had finally found a good pupil, just like the Sect Leader had. 
Depression and doubt began to creep into the bottom of Elder Grant’s heart. 
He sighed quietly to himself, slumping a bit in his seat. 
On the platform, Keira and Erick stepped up. 
Though Keira was tall for a woman, she was nevertheless slender, whereas Erick stood at a towering six feet three, strong and muscular. His body was covered in well-defined muscles. 
Standing together, the disparity in their strength was clear at a glance. It was a match that seemed to lack 
any suspense. 
Turning to Keira…. 
She had a taut expression, her eyes warily watching Erick as if she was prepared to be bullied… 
With the presiding Elder’s command to “Begin,” Erick let out a ferocious shout and charged straight at Keira!
###Chapter 401
Keira was startled. 
Her expression grew more solemn, she hadn’t an 
ounce of contempt, and she exerted all her strength to meet Erick’s fist! 
Matias, seeing this scene, was immediately startled and shouted, “Get out of the way! Erick’s brute strength is all in his fists. How can you block it?!” 
These words made Keira panic. 
She couldn’t block it? 
When her master taught her, it was always that 
offense was the best defense! 
But the punch was already thrown, and she still had time to pull back and dodge, but there was no need… 
Thinking like this, Keira still used all her strength and pushed out with her palm! 
“Bang!” 
The fist struck into the palm of Keira… 
Matias abruptly closed his eyes, almost foreseeing that 
< 
Keera’s arm would surely dislocate, and she would be 
sent flying! 
But the anticipated scream didn’t come… 
Matias slowly opened his eyes for a peek and saw Keira also a bit stunned, staring blankly at Erick’s fist, and then looking at him with a puzzled gaze. 
Then, she pushed with her palm again! 
Erick immediately stepped back two steps, but Keira’s feet didn’t move a bit! 
Keira was surprised. 
The people below were also stunned, and then Jackson started shouting, “Erick, what are you doing? Are you showing mercy to women now? Get on her! Teach that stinky bitch a lesson!” 
Keira suddenly realized. 
So Erick wasn’t that bad after all? 
Was it that he couldn’t bear to watch Jackson’s behavior, and so he deliberately held back? 
Thinking this way, Keira’s gaze softened as she looked at Erick, and since it was like this, there was no need
< 
to use her full strength… 
With this thought, Erick gathered his energy and charged at her again. 
His fierce appearance looked pretty convincing! 
Keira caught his fist again with barely any effort! It really was a show for Jackson! 
She immediately gave Erick a kind smile and pushed him away, saying, “Thanks for your kindness, but I must win this match, and I have my reasons that compel me to win. You don’t have to hold back anymore!” 
Erick was confused. 
At that moment, all thoughts of questions went through his mind! 
What the hell was that? 
Who the hell was letting her win?! 
Erick thought of this and couldn’t help glancing at the audience area, only to see Jackson looking at him with a very unkind gaze. He hastily explained, “I didn’t! I really used all my strength!” 
Jackson glared at him venomously. “Okay, Erick, I didn’t expect you to be so deceitful to me! What? Did you get charmed by this woman’s face too? Go beat her up and punish her harshly!” 
Erick didn’t know what to say. 
He really had used all his strength! 
To prove his words, he waved his fists and rushed at Keira again, but she only wayed her hand. 
It seemed she only used a fraction of her strength to block his attack, and then she looked at him with a 
kind smile again. “Are you sure you’re not using your full strength? Thank you very much.” 
Erick was dumbfounded. 
Then, he was gently punched by his opponent and 
knocked off the arena. 
Being knocked off the arena was also considered losing the competition. 
Erick was dumbfounded. 
He lost? 
He actually lost! 
–
Looking back at the stands, the slender woman was still smiling warmly at him. “Thank you for yielding.” 
Erick was speechless. 
Stunned, he turned his head to see Jackson already in front of him, raising his fist and viciously punching him 
in the face! 
“Bang!” 
Jackson’s punch landed on his face. “You 
good-for-nothing scum! Do you not even listen to me now? When did you take a fancy to that bitch? To yield to her so much! Is this a martial arts competition or are you playing house? Even children pretend better than you!” 
Keira jumped down from the competition stage and frowned as she spoke, “Jackson, don’t go too far. Erick is just fed up with your domineering arrogance! 
There’s nothing between him and me!” 
Erick was dumbfounded. 
He immediately spoke up, “I didn’t, I…” 
“Slap!”
Another fierce slan to his face cut off Erick’s words. 
and Jackson stretched out his finger, pointing at him. “Fine! I’ll remember this!!” 
Jackson turned and left with his men. 
Erick didn’t know what to say. 
He was going crazy! 
He glared at Keira and angrily said, “Why did you lie!” 
He had just lost two teeth and spoke with a whistle due to the gap. 
Keira felt silent. 
She sighed as she looked at Erick. “Sorry, I can’t act. I exposed you.” 
Erick was speechless. 
He looked around at the onlookers and knew that the 
conversation between the two of them would 
definitely reach Jackson’s ears, and he felt utterly
terrified. 
Keira, however, seemed oblivious to this and instead 
walked over to Matias. 
Matias couldn’t help but size her up. “Are you okay? Did Erick really go easy on you?” 
Keira immediately looked at Erick, and seeing him giving her a pleading look, she quickly nodded and gestured with her hand, indicating she understood. She then said, “How could that be? I’ve become 
stronger!” 
It seemed like Matias caught on to her intent and immediately nodded. “That’s right, in half a year, you went from a good-for-nothing to an expert! That’s truly amazing. Erick is… impressive!” 
Erick was speechless. 
Everyone had seen the little gestures between the two, and their poor acting skills were on full display. 
Could the two of them be any more ostentatious?! 
Jackson would doubt them even more!! 
Erick cried inwardly. 
Keira, on the other hand, walked away pleased.
If Erick would let her pass, she might soon enter the 
Inner Sect and become an Inner Sect Disciple! 
Then, having accomplished cooperation with the Zhou family, only the Gill family would be left… 
Well the Gill family…. 
Keira rubbed her chin, deep in thought when suddenly, someone appeared in front of her. She looked up to see that it was none other than Elder Grant. 
At this moment, Elder Grant was looking at her with a burning gaze, circling around her. 
After a while, Elder Grant grabbed her wrist. “You’re a prodigy, truly a prodigy!” 
The Outer Sect Disciples practiced martial arts mostly for fun and couldn’t even tell if Erick was really holding back or faking it, but how could these things escape his eyes?! 
Keera had ordinary bones and even mediocre traits as a child. Who would’ve thought she would grow up to be a prodigy?! 
He had misjudged her! Luckily, he had found her again! 
Even though he had never seen such a person before, Elder Grant would never allow any talent to be buried in the Freeman Sect, so he excitedly pulled Keira’s hand. “Let’s go. I’ve spoken to the Sect Leader already, and I’ll take you to see him for Bone Assessment!”
Upon hearing this, Keira’s eyes suddenly lit up.
###Chapter 402
Just as Keira was about to leave with Elder Grant, a 
voice rang out. 
“Some genius, Elder Grant, I think you’ve gone senile, haven’t you? Are your eyes failing you?” 
The two turned their heads, only to see James approaching, looking at her with a mocking sneer. 
Elder Grant hurriedly said, “How could I be senile? I’ve observed her for a long time, and besides, didn’t she pass three moves against you?” 
James sneered coldly. “That’s because I 
underestimated her and was careless! If we were to 
fight now, she wouldn’t last a single move against me!” 
Keira furrowed her brows. “Then let’s have a match. If I 
can last five moves against you, you’ll let Elder Grant take me to see the Sect Leader, how about that?” 
She still knew nothing about her own strength. 
James, however, scoffed. “I won’t fight you, but neither 
can you go. Elder Grant, Inner Sect Disciples must go through strict assessments, and even their character 
–
0 
must be scrutinized carefully. I can tell you now that her character is flawed!” ” 
Elder Grant was taken aback, “Where is her character 
flawed?” 
Everywhere! 
James glared at Keira vehemently. “Playing both sides and unrepentant to the end. Keera, someone like you isn’t qualified to enter the Inner Sect. Elder Grant, she and I are sworn enemies. Keep that in mind!” 
Leaving these words behind, James strode away. 
Elder Grant immediately showed a troubled look as he anxiously turned to Keira, “Keera, it’s one thing to provoke the Gill family, but why would you provoke this scourge? His older brother is famously a good-for-nothing in Clance, and he’s known as the devil in the Freeman Sect. Moreover, he’s the second senior brother ranked right below our senior sister. Having offended him, how could the Inner Sect possibly accept you!” 
To maintain internal harmony within the Freeman Sect, the Inner Sect Disciples would absolutely not 
recruit the mortal enemies of other Inner Sect 
0 
Disciples. 
It would only lead to fights. 
Elder Grant knitted his brows. “Your strength has increased now, and if you wish to enter the Inner Sect, 
apologize to the second senior brother at once! 
Smooth things over before we talk further. How exactly did you offend him?” 
Keira could only laugh upon hearing this. 
Was it not all because James had made presumptuous assumptions about her identity? 
Keira had no desire to explain and said directly to Elder Grant, “There’s a family reunion banquet at the Olsen family in three days. After the banquet, his misunderstanding will be cleared up.” 
Elder Grant nodded. “All right then. We’ll wait until your misunderstanding is resolved, then I’ll take you to 
see the Sect Leader.” 
“Thank you,” Keira said, her attitude very modest. 
Elder Grant, with his hands clasped behind his back, said earnestly, “Young people shouldn’t hold grudges; strive for harmony…” 
0
Keira won today’s competition, and the next match was scheduled in three days, right after the family reunion banquet. 
So, she left the Freeman Sect, only to see Lewis’s car parked outside. 
She walked over, got into the car, and returned home 
with Lewis. 
After her car had left the gates of the Freeman Sect, James’s infuriated figure appeared at the entrance. Staring at the direction Keira had left, he felt this woman was utterly lawless! 
Did she think Uncle Olsen would indulge her unconditionally?! 
James immediately took out his phone and started voice call in the family WhatsApp group. 
In the family group, there were only seven men. 
Ellis didn’t respond to the voice call because he was occupied with something else. 
But that didn’t stop the remaining six from staying 
connected in brotherhood. 
4:10 
After all, Ellis had always been busy preparing to take over the Olsen Family, not as leisurely as the six of 
them. 
The voice call was quickly answered. 
The voice of Charles came through, “James, how are you doing?” 
James scoffed. “This Keera has been shamelessly flirting around in the Freeman Sect. During today’s martial arts competition, her opponents even threw the match for her!” 
Charles said, “Such a fickle woman! Why has Uncle Olsen taken a fancy to her?” 
Several more voices joined in. 
“What’s all this? I’m abroad and I got the invite to the family reunion banquet, and I was wondering what sort of reunion this is. Could it be that we’re expecting 
a new aunt?” 
“Uncle Olsen is interested in a woman named Keera? 
What kind of name is that? What happened to her?” 
James recounted everything he thought had happened over the phone. Once he finished, everyone fell silent. 
09: 
0
After a while, someone finally spoke up. 
“Who would have thought, Uncle Olsen is actually such a lovebird.” 
“Even the love of the elderly can be so irrational and so impulsive?” 
“Why is Uncle Olsen acting so subservient? I’m getting angry!” 
One by one, they all vented their frustrations, each adding their own angry comments. 
Seeing everyone else getting mad, James himself began to calm down. It’s better to be angry as a group rather than alone. Now, he felt a sense of balance. 
Then, he went on. “Brothers, at the banquet, should we refuse to acknowledge her?” 
“Sure, I was planning on rushing back anyway. If Uncle Olsen introduces her to me, I won’t recognize this aunt 
no matter what!” 
“When I heard about the banquet, I seriously thought our family had found a long-lost cousin and was bringing her back, but it turns out it’s about an aunt!” 
10 
“What are you thinking about? A cousin? When our family doesn’t even have the genes to produce a daughter? Seven brothers, like the Seven Dwarfs, born from the first and second branches of the family, without a single girl among us! It’s a good thing we adopted two, or the imbalance in the house would be downright awkward!” 
“Adopted ones can’t compare with a real cousin, right? Do you think my mom can still give birth at forty- five?” 
“Little brother, you’re so naive.” 
As they chatted, the conversation drifted off-topic. 
As time passed unnoticed, it slipped away. 
In the blink of an eye, three days had passed! 
The Olsen family’s banquet became the talk of the town in Clance. All the notable people showed up, all a little puzzled, not knowing what the Olsens were up 
1. 
Lewis drove Keira and Mary to the banquet. 
Although Mary didn’t want to see Ellis, as it was her 
0 
best friend’s special event, she felt the need to be 
there to witness it. 
Getting out of the car, they walked toward the banquet 
hall. 
Approaching, they saw seven men standing in front with different personalities but all brimming with heroism and incredible handsomeness. They were the seven Olsen brothers. 
When Ellis saw Mary, his eyes turned cold, and he turned his head without speaking. 
Mary, in turn, quickly lowered her gaze. 
The baby in her belly would be three months old in two more days… Now, there was a slight bulge in her 
abdomen… 
She pretended not to see Ellis, walking past the group of seven with Keira. 
As the Olsen family’s only girl, Victoria was also greeting guests. Seeing Keira, she immediately looked nervously at her seven brothers. 
She feared they would prefer this blood-related cousin 
over her. 
0
But unexpectedly, she saw that aside from Ellis, the 
other six were glaring angrily at Keira as if their faces 
were about to say “Don’t mess with me!” 
Victoria was shocked. 
Weren’t these seven brothers longing for a sister? 
Why did it seem like they weren’t too pleased with 
Keera? 
That was great! 
Her biggest fear was that the brothers might favor the blood-related cousin if she returned. 
Now that everyone seemed to prefer her, it couldn’t get any better! 
A smug smile crossed her lips. 
“Keera, even if you are a blood-related cousin, so what? The one who grew up with the brothers since. 
childhood is me! 
“And in front of the brothers, you’re nothing!” 
Just as Victoria was thinking this, Uncle Olsen’s voice came from the hall, followed by the crowd asking, “Mr. Olsen, the Olsen family is holding a banquet, but who
###Chapter 403
403 Chapter 402 
Uncle Olsen usually stood aloof from the world, rarely mingling with people.→ 
At this moment, the one speaking to him was an old friend from childhood, and the question asked managed to pique his interest, so he replied, “No rush. Wait for everyone to arrive, and I’ll introduce you.” 
A group of people immediately burst into laughter. “Alright, with such a grand momentum, we’re all waiting for your good news!” 
By the entrance, Victoria listened to this conversation 
and glanced at her other brothers, noticing that their expressions were somewhat displeased. 
She immediately looked toward James and whispered, “James, does everyone dislike Keera that much?” 
“Yes,” James sneered. “Of course!” 
Victoria asked excitedly, “Is it because she kept a gigolo after getting divorced?” 
“That’s right!” 
James continued with a dark face. “Even you know 
403 Chapter 402 
about this!” 
“Even?” Victoria was perplexed. 
James sneered. “With her behaving this way, is she doing right by Uncle Olsen?” 
Victoria was confused. 
She looked at James in bewilderment, wondering why Keera had wronged Uncle Olsen. 
Had she wronged Uncle Olsen’s kindness in raising her? Indeed, she should have sought Uncle Olsen’s consent first before dating someone else… 
Thinking this way, Victoria nodded. “Right, she has wronged Uncle Olsen terribly!” 
James and the other brothers exchanged glances and immediately turned their attention to Ellis. “Ellis, you stay here to welcome the guests; we’ll go in and entertain them, as quite a few have already arrived!” 
Ellis didn’t think much of it and simply nodded. “Go 
ahead.” 
His response gave the six brothers some liberty, and they promptly entered the banquet hall. 
– 
<
403 Chapter 402 
James first looked toward Keira and Mary… 
Both were keeping a low profile, and Keira even wore a black gown, walking discreetly around the corners of the banquet. 
Charles couldn’t help but speak, “Do you see? That one, she does look quite pretty, and for some reason, she even seems approachable. How did she end up doing something to wrong Uncle Olsen?” 
James scoffed. “Appearances can be deceiving; that’s just who she is! Back at Freeman Sect, she almost 
fooled me!” 
The other brothers also chimed in. 
“What do we do now?” 
“Have a chat, and make her either leave that gigolo or 
leave this banquet hall. How about that?” 
“Exactly, we can’t let Uncle Olsen become the 
laughingstock of Clance!” 
Charles then added. “I have a little idea!” 
Everyone immediately looked at him intently. 
Charles raised his eyebrows. “What do you all think
05.46 
403 Chapter 402 
about this? Shall I recognize her as my foster sister? That way, Uncle Olsen surely wouldn’t have to introduce her as our future aunt, right?” 
James’s eyes lit up. “That’s smart! Why didn’t I think of that!” a 
“This banquet then has its direction, no longer without a way to conclude!” 
“But will she agree to you as her foster brother?” 
Charles immediately said, “She’ll definitely agree. Once she acknowledges me, she’ll be the Olsen family’s foster daughter, and there are plenty of benefits to 
that!” 
After saying this, he walked up to Keira. 
Keira was holding a plate, lingering in the buffet area, feeling the inherent issue with banquets: insatiated. 
The shelves were filled with all sorts of fancy items… 
Keira picked a cookie and was about to turn to find Mary when she saw Charles standing in front of her. He then crossed his arms, snickered, and said, “Let me ask you. If I acknowledge you as my sister, would you 
be
up for it?” 
– 
403 Chapter 402 
Keira was perplexed. 
She raised an eyebrow and followed Charles’s gaze to look at the group standing not far away, headed by 
James and the other five brothers. 
Then she chuckled softly, saying indifferently, “Alright then.” 
Charles’s eyes lit up. “I knew you’d know how to 
choose, so tell Uncle Olsen later. Don’t let him 
announce that you’re his future wife, got it?” 
The Charles in front of her seemed to be not much 
older than she was. Right now, his gaze toward her 
carried a hint of naive bewilderment. 
Keira found that the boys in the Olsen family were all quite innocent… 
The Olsen family had a good upbringing.
She lowered her gaze. “Sure! 
Seeing how readily she agreed, Charles was somewhat surprised, “Are you serious?” 
“Yes.” 
“Alright, it’s a deal then!” 
579 
403 Chapter 402 
Charles ran back excitedly, and Keira, holding her 
plate, waved at the six gourd brothers before lingering in the dining area. 
“How did it go?” 
“How did it go!” 
As soon as Charles returned, everyone immediately 
started to ask. 
After Charles relayed Keira’s response, everyone became excited. “That’s really great!” 
Charles even said. “Ellis, I think Keera is pretty nice. When I was chatting with her just now, she looked so 
cute when she smiled!”
James scoffed. “You naive kid. Don’t be fooled by he 
looks!” 
The group was laughing and joking… 
After Keira ate a few cookies, she wanted to continue, but Mary stopped her. “We’re going to eat later, why are you eating so many cookies now? Won’t eat your meal later?” 
Keira was surprised. “We’re going to have a meal?” 
403 Chapter 402 
Mary nodded and pointed to a nearby private room. “This is the buffet area, but there’s also a seating 
arrangement…” 
Then she pointed to the seat at the main table. “As Uncle Olsen’s daughter and the guest of honor today, you’ll be eligible to sit at the main table.” 
Keira was surprised. 
+49 
She had thought these cookies were dinner, but it turned out wealthy family banquets were so elaborate! 
After waiting a bit longer, the others gradually began to move toward the banquet area.
Keira accompanied Mary first to her seat at the second 
table. 
As Ellis’s wife, she held a place there. 
Keira then looked for her own seat, checking the cards 
on the table. 
Just as she turned around, she saw a group from the Olsen family approaching. Victoria was among them, following James and the others. When she saw Keira, Victoria immediately looked toward James, “James, is Keera sitting at the main table tonight?” 
=) 
403 Chapter 402 
Upon these words, everyone’s attention swiftly turned 
to Keira. 
Even Victoria was clutching her fingers tightly. 
She feared that once Keera returned home, she might instantly leapfrog over her to become the most prestigious daughter of the Olsen family. Thus, this was her laying a trap. 
She hoped to have James announce her seating in front of everyone.
James glanced at Keira and sneered, then looking down, he said flatly, “Of course not. The main table is 
reserved for the elders. As for Keera…” 
James surveyed the scene… Today, he was in charge of entertaining guests and arranging the seating. 
He pointed to the third table right away. “Take a seat there! It’s appropriate for your status and position.” 
Mary furrowed her brows. “James, how can you arrange it like this?”
###Chapter 404
James sneered. “Then where should I put her? If I 
really put her at the main table, surrounded by elders, would she even be able to sit down?” 
Mary said, “Today, Keera is the guest of honor at the family banquet. What reason would she have for not being able to sit down? You…” 
Before she could finish, James interrupted. “The guest of honor? So what? If her status isn’t sufficient, she should just stay squatting there.” 
If she were a legitimate daughter of the Olsen family, she definitely would be able to sit at the main table! 
None of her seven brothers would mind! 
But Keera was just an insignificant lover kept by Uncle Olsen; why bother making such a fuss over where she 
sits? 
Mary frowned at James’s words. “You…” 
Victoria stepped forward and said, “Mary, the seating has been arranged long ago. Please don’t mind it and just take a seat quickly! If we don’t sit, others won’t be 
09.01 
able to take their places either!” 
Mary immediately felt as if she had been criticized and furrowed her brows. 
Before she could speak, Keira tapped her on the shoulder. “Just sit down. It doesn’t matter to me where 
I sit.” 
Taking a deep breath, Mary then sat down. 
After she was seated, the rest of the Olsen family followed and took their seats accordingly. 
Although their attitude had been poor just before, their family education, ingrained to the bone, couldn’t be disregarded. 
Keira walked to the third table and casually sat down. 
It didn’t take long before several girls came over, took their seats next to her, and then turned to look at 
Keira. 
In a low voice, someone asked, “I heard from Mary just now. Is she really today’s host? She’s the star of the family banquet, but she’s seated here. What’s going 
on?” 
One of the girls, who was close to Victoria, already 
knew Keera’s identity. Hearing this, she scoffed. “Her? Apparently, she’s the Olsen family’s illegitimate daughter!” 
“What? Is she the long-awaited ‘dear daughter’ of the Olsen family?” 
“Nonsense! Would ‘dear daughter’ be seated at the third table? Can’t you infer something from the seating arrangement?” 
“No, what do you mean?” 
The woman scoffed. “I see that she’s simply not valued in the Olsen family!” 
“True. Even Victoria sits at the second table, below her brothers, while she’s at the third table… This clearly shows the Olsen family doesn’t take this illegitimate daughter seriously at all!” 
“Victoria and Christina really thought they were so coveted! Now that ‘dear daughter’ is back, she’s not 
valued either!” 
“Are you guys dumb? How could she ever be valued? Whether she’s from the first or the second branch, she has three or four brothers watching her like hawks! 
Who would want another sister especially one born to 
their father by another woman?” 
“Right, but… illegitimate daughter, which branch are you from?” 
Someone looked at Keira and asked. 
Keira simply ignored them, picked up her fork, and started eating. 
These people were discussing her gossip right in front of her and clearly didn’t care to lower their voices as if they wanted her to hear it; wasn’t it just because they thought she wasn’t valued by the Olsen family and that they could bully her at will? 
Then why should she be courteous and respectful to 
them? 
Keira’s actions made those young ladies purse their 
lips again. 
“So impolite. She doesn’t even respond when spoken 
to!” 
“I know her. She got divorced recently. She comes from an insignificant background and probably has never seen this kind of banquet before, so that’s understandable.” 
404 Chapit
“Divorced? I want to hear about it. What happened?” 
The group began to gossip once more. 
At the same time, glances toward Victoria were filled with admiration. 
Previously, she would always boast outside about how much the Olsen family valued her, but in reality, people didn’t quite believe that, otherwise, Victoria and Christina would have already been married off to the scions of the other five major families. 
As it turned out, Christina wanted to marry into the Horton family but was delayed by her age. It wasn’t just because there were no suitable men of the right age in the five major families but also because of he status as an adopted daughter, which led to her being unable to marry either above or below her station, and she ultimately chose the Murphy family. 
Now it was Victoria’s turn… 
Now that they saw the Olsen family’s illegitimate daughter arranged to sit below her, people began to ingratiate themselves with Victoria, smiling as they 
anake 
“Speaking of which, Miss Victoria grew up with seven brothers, sharing bonds from childhood. Even if they are not blood-related, she’s at least better off than an illegitimate daughter, right?” 
“Of course! Today’s seating arrangement was made by James. Doesn’t that tell you something?”
“I’m genuinely curious, this illegitimate daughter, is she James’s real sister, or Charles’s real sister?” 
James belonged to the first branch of the family. 
Charles, on the other hand, was from the second 
branch. 
Someone beside them chimed in. “Couldn’t she be 
from the third branch?” 
As soon as these words came out, everyone fell silent. 
There was only Uncle Olsen in the third branch, and he wasn’t even married. If she were his daughter, then she would surely not be an illegitimate daughter! 
Moreover, strictly speaking, Uncle Olsen headed the Olsen family, and his lineage was the legitimate one. If she were his daughter, her status would surely be 
higher than her seven brothers! 
She wouldn’t possibly be sitting here! She would definitely be seated at the head table! 
Even the person who spoke smacked their lips. “I misspoke, how could that be possible?” 
“Exactly, how could she possibly be from the third branch!”
Keira continued eating her food, completely ignoring these trivial people. 
If Uncle Olsen had called her back only to be mocked, then she might as well not acknowledge these 
relatives, so he surely wouldn’t have meant that. 
As she pondered, suddenly there was a shadow at her side. 
Keira turned her head and saw Victoria standing beside her, suddenly leaning in close to her ear. “Keera, even if you are the Olsen family’s real daughter, what of it? Do you see? Be it the brothers or the guests, they all only recognize me as the daughter of the Olsen family! You, a divorced woman who’s like a wilting flower and a fallen leaf, are nothing!” 
After saying this, she straightened up, proudly lifting 
her chin 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Just about after Victoria finished speaking, Ellis finally 
entered the room. 
Upon seeing them, he paused slightly. 
Ellis walked straight to Keira’s side. “Why are you sitting here?”
Keira looked at him coolly. “Oh, it was arranged by 
James.” 
Ellis was confused. 
He frowned and turned to reprimand James. “What’s going on? Don’t you know who the guest of honor is today?” 
James came over, took hold of Ellis, and spoke in a hushed voice. “Ellis, of course. I know. It’s just that I didn’t want her to sit with our uncle, that’s all!” 
Ellis was dumbfounded. 
He felt he didn’t quite understand. “What?” 
“I’m saying, I…” 
Before James could finish, Uncle Olsen and the other 
elders finally walked in from outside. As they headed 
to the head table, Uncle Olsen caught a glimpse of 
Keira.
He immediately said with a smile. “Alright, I’ll keep it short. Before we eat, let me introduce everyone to my daughter, who was lost and has now returned!”
###Chapter 405
Uncle Olsen’s words set off a thousand waves! 
1 
Instantly, the hall fell silent as needles dropping could be heard, and everyone incredulously turned to Keira. 
Just moments ago, at the dining table, those daughters of prominent families who had been mocking Keira were now utterly dumbfounded, each showing a look of shock on their faces. 
How could this be possible?! 
If Keira were Uncle Olsen’s daughter, why would she be sitting at the third table?! 
Next to her, James, who had been looking aggrieved and was about to complain to Ellis, was completely bewildered upon hearing this. 
What did Uncle just say? 
Keera was his who?! 
He was flabbergasted, and so was Charles, sitting at the second table; he couldn’t help but look around and whispered, “Isn’t she the sworn sister I acknowledged? How could she become Uncle’s daughter?” 
0 
This comment made several others twitch at the corners of their mouths. 
Just then, the man who had been joking with Uncle Olsen the whole time couldn’t help but say, “Uncle Olsen, what do you mean by that? A daughter who was lost? Really? Or is she a sworn daughter?” 
Uncle Olsen smiled, looking at Keira with eyes full of affection, “Of course, she’s my biological daughter!” 
After saying that, he lowered his gaze. “Her mother and I have always been in love, but we were separated for some reason. Over these years, I didn’t know about her existence. Thankfully, I’ve now found her and brought her back!” 
After that, Uncle Olsen beckoned to Keira. “What are you doing sitting there? Come with me to greet your uncles and elders.” 
Upon hearing this, Keira’s gaze inadvertently shifted to 
James. 
She saw James standing there completely stiff. 
After catching her slightly mocking glance, he unconsciously swallowed. 
0 
James knew he was doomed!
How could she not be Uncle’s mistress? She was actually Uncle Olsen’s real daughter?! His own dear cousin? The little sister that the seven brothers had been longing to have for so many years?! 
James suddenly remembered his last visit to the South family, when she told him that her relationship with Uncle Olsen wasn’t what he thought… 
At this moment, he wanted to slap himself while also becoming terrified. 
If Uncle Olsen found out that he had intentionally made things difficult for Keira, he probably would break his legs! 
As James was contemplating, Keira said, “I took the wrong seat.” 
James was dumbfounded. 
Was Keera helping him? 
“Come with me then. The head table is over here!” 
How could Uncle Olsen not see the intrigue among the younger generation below? But he was pleased to see 
his daughter getting along with her brothers so he 
0 
405 Chapter 
didn’t expose their pretense and led Keira straight to the head table.
Keira followed him, pausing her steps slightly as she 
passed by James. She suddenly smiled, “James, may I sit at the head table?” 
James was shocked. 
Without waiting for his response, Keira took her seat next to Uncle Olsen, her actions confident and unrestrained, showing none of the timidity expected from someone of a lesser household. 
The rest of the guests immediately began whispering amongst themselves. 
“She’s actually Uncle Olsen’s daughter! What’s going 
on?” 
“I saw it with my own eyes just now; James arranged for her to sit at the third table…” 
Someone tugged at Victoria’s sleeve. She couldn’t help but turn around, and her close friend immediately asked, “Do your brothers dislike even Uncle Olsen’s daughter?” 
Victoria’s eyes flickered for a moment. “Yeah, it seems 
0 
405 Chapte 
like the brothers don’t really like her…” 
Almost as soon as she finished speaking, a voice suddenly rang out from the second table when Charles exclaimed, “Damn! She’s actually my dear cousin! I, I…”
Charles jumped up and ran to Keira with sparkles in his eyes. “Sis, it was all a big misunderstanding before! Here’s my pocket money. Take it!” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She was slightly stunned and immediately when there was a bank card in her hand. 
Next, an embarrassed yet eager James also approached, his eyes glowing as if he were looking at a 
rare treasure. 
James said, “Little, little sister…” 
He seemed embarrassed to say these words and scratched his head. “You’ve always wanted to learn the martial arts of the Freeman Sect, right? I’ll take you to join the Inner Sect tomorrow! You’re my own sister, and if the Sect Leader doesn’t accept you, I’ll have my master take you in, alright?” 
This was an apology combined with an attempt to 
0 
405 Chapter 
ingratiate himself. 
Keira thought back to when she first met this third brother; he had mistaken her for his third aunt, 
treating her with utmost respect… 
This guy’s intentions weren’t bad.
Keira nodded. “Then, thank you, James.” 
“You, you’re welcome…” 
James left, followed by the Olsen family’s second son, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth… 
One after another, the brothers charged up, each making a grand gesture as they started to give gifts! 
And they gave things that were highly sought-after in their respective industries! 
T 
For example, the fifth son of the Olsen family was in the entertainment industry; he simply made a grand gesture and gave Keira an entertainment company, which even housed the hottest movie star at the 
moment. 
For another example, the second son, who was a doctor, gave her a hospital outright! He claimed it was convenient for her to have her own hospital for future 
0 
medical needs. 
Who would open a hospital just for their own convenience?! 
The grand gestures of the Olsen brothers shocked all the guests present.
The girls at table three were even more stunned, especially the one who was speaking to Victoria; she was almost drooling. 
She couldn’t help but turn to Victoria and said, “Is this the one you said… the brothers all didn’t like?” 
Victoria was speechless. 
Wasn’t it… 
Didn’t they all dislike her just a moment ago? 
Why did they suddenly change their minds?! 
Where did it all go wrong?! 
She clenched her fists tightly, looking at Keira receiving gifts with jealousy. She knew that her personal assets, as well as the dowry prepared by the Olsen family for her, couldn’t compare to these gifts! 
The Olsen family was indeed too biased!!. 
0 
405 Chapter 
She clenched her fists tightly and looked at James. “James, didn’t you despise her for finding a gigolo outside and dishonoring Uncle Olsen?” 
James was surprised.
He looked at her indifferently. “What’s the big deal? Let her find one, and if it doesn’t work out, we’ll just bring the gigolo into the Olsen family. That way, she won’t have to suffer after getting married!” 
Victoria was dumbfounded. 
“You definitely didn’t say this just now!” 
As soon as James uttered those words, everyone understood even more how much the Olsen family valued this newly found daughter! 
Victoria bit her lip, then clenched her fists ever harder, feeling that at this moment, all the eyes banquet hall were on her. 
The biological daughter had been found, and her status as an adopted daughter suddenly became 
awkward. 
Not wanting to become the center of attention, Victoria flickered her eyes and suddenly turned to 
0 
Mary, saying, “Mary, since Keera is Uncle Olsen’s daughter, she’ll be moving into the Olsen family home, right? Will you come and live with us too?” 
Her words indeed captured the attention of others. 
Everyone looked at Mary, and some whispered, “Isn’t she living in the Olsen residence now?”
“After what happened a few days ago, does she still have the face to live there?” 
“Didn’t Austin come out to clarify everything afterward?” 
“All of that is just for show by the wealthy families. Let me tell you what I heard… The child in Mary’s belly isn’t actually Ellis’s!!” 
“What? No wonder there was such a falling out, but Mary is really bold, isn’t she? To dare to tell such a lie?” 
… 
Listening to the conversations around her, Mary 
placed a hand on her belly and subconsciously looked 
over at Ellis. 
In three more days, it would be three months, and
###Chapter 406
Ellis seemed as though he hadn’t heard the gossip and rumors, but Mary noticed that his hand holding the chopsticks was slightly exerting force. 
Mary understood him. 
Ever since he was young, Ellis had been a 
troublemaker, dubbed the Demon of Clance, and his 
reputation had never been good. 
He never cared about what others thought of him. 
Now, if these words could agitate him, it was merely because he also felt embarrassed. 
A bitter smile suddenly tugged at the corners of Mary’s lips. 
She clenched her fists tightly and suddenly looked toward the third table, saying in a cold voice, “Is the food that the Olsen family prepared to entertain you all not to your taste?” 
The people at the third table who had been whispering to each other immediately shut their mouths, looking toward her in fear. 
18 
Mary kept her gaze fixed on them. “If it’s not to your liking, you may choose not to eat, or you may leave. The door is right there. I won’t be seeing you out.”
Several women suddenly looked at each other, at a 
loss. 
Victoria immediately said, “Mary, what’s wrong? Has something happened? These ladies are relatives of our family, though distantly related… but after all, we share 
the same Olsen surname…” 
Mary immediately looked at her. “Are you deaf? They were just bad-mouthing me over there; did you not hear it? Is this how you protect the reputation of the Olsen family?” 
Victoria was choked by the scolding, and her face changed color on the spot. 
She clenched her fists in grievance, then looked toward Ellis and said softly, “Ellis, did I make Mary angry? I really didn’t mean to…” 
Ellis slowly raised his head. Those eyes that were 
usually commanding and condescending now revealed an unusual depth. 
He said lowly “Co ore 17ou donf2” 
. 
Victoria was taken aback. 
Ellis then turned coldly toward the third table. “Since 
wife has issued an eviction order, we won’t keep
you.” 
my 
He said deliberately and methodically, but as his words fell, his voice suddenly raised, “Why are you not leaving?!” 
The women at the table jumped in fright, shivering all 
over! 
The girl who was on good terms with Victoria was actually a distant relative of the Olsen family. Their family head at present was a trusted subordinate of Uncle Olsen, and so they held a certain status within 
the Olsen household. 
That was why their family could sit at the third table a 
an Olsen banquet. 
Under Ellis’s gaze, the young woman sheepishly stood up and said, “Ellis, my cousin, I was… I was just kidding… Dad, I really didn’t say anything!” 
Her last words were said to the main table. 
The person she spoke to was just joking with Uncle 
Olsen a moment ago, and his name was Joseph Olsen. He was from a collateral branch of the Olsen family, but by serving Uncle Olsen and helping the Olsen Group reach greater heights, he now held a lofty position within the Olsen family. 
Upon hearing this, he couldn’t help but look toward Uncle Olsen, pleading, “Well, Mr. Olsen, my daughter has said some nonsense. I’ll teach her a lesson when 
we return home! She didn’t have any bad intentions; she just has a loose tongue… 
Uncle Olsen heard this and said nothing. 
Keira, sitting beside him, said indifferently, “Really? It seemed that your daughter was mocking me just a moment ago. Yes, that’s right. She also called me an illegitimate daughter, asking if I was from the first 
branch or the second.” 
These words made Uncle Olsen’s face instantly turn 
cold. 
Joseph’s face also paled. 
Having followed Uncle Olsen for so many years, he naturally understood where Uncle Olsen’s bottom line lay! 
) 
That man was particularly defensive of his own!
Ellis was his junior and Joseph was close to Uncle Olsen, hence his own daughter would also be considered Uncle Olsen’s junior. 
Uncle Olsen wouldn’t normally intervene in such verbal disputes. 
After all, they were all youngsters! 
But if his daughter mocked Uncle Olsen’s biological daughter… 
Joseph couldn’t help but wipe the sweat bead on his forehead, feeling as if there were thorns at his back! 
He swallowed nervously. 
Uncle Olsen looked toward him. “I need you to give me an explanation!” 
Joseph immediately stood up and, without hesitation, rushed over to his daughter, and then slapped her across the face. 
“Slap!” 
The harsh slap landed on the girl’s face, not only making an impact on her but also letting everyone 
< 
present understand the importance Uncle Olsen placed on his daughter.
After delivering the slap, Joseph secretly glanced at Uncle Olsen and seeing his expressionless eyes still focused on his meal. It was clear that Uncle Olsen 
wasn’t satisfied. 
Joseph immediately raised his hand again and gave his daughter another harsh slap 
The girl’s cheeks swelled up on both sides. 
She cried inconsolably and looked at her father. “Dad, why won’t you stand up for me? Why are you helping 
them?!” 
“Slap!” 
Joseph, without needing Uncle Olsen’s approval this time, slapped her face again with force! 
She was spoiled to the point of being uncontrollable! 
He angrily pointed at her and scolded, “Why are you involved in those idle chit-chat? Why did you gossip about Miss Olsen?! You’re so stupid!” 
He moved forward and kicked her! 
His daughter was kicked to the ground, in such pain that she couldn’t stand up. 
The entire banquet hall suddenly fell silent, and everyone watched them in disbelief.
Nobody said anything, yet at the same time, everyone understood that this was Uncle Olsen establishing authority for his daughter. 
During the silence, the daughter lying on the ground was already consumed with rage. 
Since she dared to mock Keira, she certainly had an arrogant and domineering personality. Now furious, she broke into a torrent of abuse. “Dad, what are you doing?! If you want to be Uncle Olsen’s dog, do you expect me to be that illegitimate daughter’s lapdog too? I’m telling you. She’s not worthy!!” 
She cried while looking at Keira. “That woman is already married once and even has a child. Later, when her husband abandoned her what’s the use of her 
returning to the Olsen family? She’s nothing but a pretty and an empty head! A second-hand woman with a child like her will never find a respectable family in the future! 
< 
“What does it matter if she’s Uncle Olsen’s biological daughter?!” 
Almost as soon as these words fell, the Olsen family butler suddenly rushed in. “Uncle Olsen, the Horton family has sent someone to propose a betrothal!!” 
i
> 
###Chapter 407
The Olsens and the Hortons were set to be joined in matrimony. That piece of news had been announced to the public for quite some time now. 
It had started a few years back when everyone thought Christina would be the one to marry into the Horton family, but unfortunately, the Hortons didn’t agree, and the matter came to nothing. 
Later, it was heard that Lewis had taken a wife, so there seemed even less hope for the marriage. 
But no one expected Lewis’s young wife to pass away so early, and suddenly the position of his wife was vacant again! 
The Olsens brought up the marriage alliance once more, and surprisingly, the Hortons did not reject it. 
Yet this affair had been gossiped about in Clance for a long time now, and so far, neither family had confirmed anything to the public. Why would they suddenly come to deliver the betrothal gifts today? 
While everyone was busy gossiping, Joseph also pulled 
09.03 
1.7 
< 
 
Chapter 406. 
aside his daughter to clear the way for the butler.
Uncle Olsen raised his eyebrows, looking toward Keira. 
Keira also showed a surprised look, her gaze turning to the butler in confusion. 
The butler’s face lit up with joy as he quickly stepped inside. “I saw them bringing over a bunch of gifts, and they are unloading them from the car. Someone tipped me off, saying these are all betrothal gifts from the Horton family, and told me to inform you first!” 
Uncle Olsen burst into laughter. “Good, that brat has finally come to his senses! Today is indeed a day of happiness!” 
The butler laughed too. “A day of happiness indeed!” 
Ellis, upon hearing this, instinctively turned his gaze to his recently acknowledged cousin Keera. 
He knew very well that Lewis had been staying at Keera’s place. Was this a move to make Keera his wife? 
He suddenly felt a bit uncomfortable. 
As glorious as his cousin Keera was today, the memory of his deceased cousin Keira was just as poignant. 
217 
Once upon a time, Lewis had loved Keira deeply, willing to offend Uncle Olsen for her sake… 
And now… it was no more than finding a substitute.
He bowed his head, suddenly picked up a glass of wine, took a sip, and then turned to look at Mary, only to see her frowning slightly, her gaze shifting toward Victoria. 
Ellis then looked toward Victoria and saw her face blush with shyness, her eyes bright, yet she cast them downward. 
People around immediately turned their attention to her, teasing her. 
“Miss Victoria, I hear Mr. Horton is quite the catch; you’re really lucky with this marriage!” 
“Yes, truly! This marriage is wonderful!” 
“You and Mr. Horton really are a perfect match, and 
moreover…” 
Their voices trailed off as they suddenly looked toward Ellis, and they each lowered their voices, afraid of being overheard by him. 
“Why did Mr. Horton have to choose today of all days 
69 02 
< 
to deliver the betrothal gifts if not to stand by 
Victoria’s side?” 
“You know, I hadn’t realized, but now that you mention
it, I think you’re right! Otherwise, there’s really no need to make such a grand gesture of delivering the betrothal gifts.” 
“From what the butler said, there are quite a lot of betrothal gifts, and they are still unloading them! How long will that take, I wonder?” 
“Miss Victoria, have you met Mr. Horton? What does het look like?” 
Surrounded by everyone, Victoria looked down shyly, her demeanor growing even more bashful. “I haven’t met him yet, but my family has indeed been in contact 
with him…” 
She glanced at Keira inadvertently, a smug smile curling at the corner of her lips! 
What did it matter how her brothers treated her just 
now? 
Even with all the gifts they sent, it was but a drop in the bucket for the Olsen family, but if she were to 
marry Lewis… the Horton family would be hers! 
05.03 – 
( 
It wa
said that the value of the Horton and Olsen family’s assets weren’t far apart, both being among the most famous merchant families in the city of Oceanion, Crera’s richest city! The Hortons surely wouldn’t be much less than the Olsen family, perhaps even stronger! 
Joseph then quietly breathed a sigh of relief. 
With this event diverting everyone’s attention, his daughter could escape any trouble for the time being. 
But just as this thought crossed his mind, he heard his daughter step forward with a loud laugh. “Keera, do you see? What does it matter if you are Uncle Olsen’s legitimate daughter? The Hortons have come over to support Victoria! Among the Olsen daughters, Victoria is surely the most successful!” 
Having recklessly finished her speech, she 
provocatively looked at Uncle Olsen. “Uncle Olsen, I can understand you favoring your own daughter, and I can even understand why you had my father hit me just now, but some things need to be said!” 
Joseph had already rushed up to grab his daughter’s arm. “Have you lost your mind?” 
< 
But his daughter forcefully pushed him away, “I’m not mad! Even if I don’t speak out, everyone knows very well about Keera’s sordid past! Father, don’t confuse matters here! I just have to say it, or I won’t feel 
relieved!” 
Seeing this, Joseph, enraged, reached out to cover her
mouth! 
But in the next moment, he heard Uncle Olsen’s chilling voice. “Let her speak!” 
Joseph’s movements paused. 
Uncle Olsen then picked up his wine cup, staring at them. “I want to hear exactly how my daughter is so disgraceful!” 
Joseph, seeing Uncle Olsen’s seemingly amused expression, suddenly felt a chill run up his spine. 
He understood that his daughter was doomed… 
With this in mind, he sighed and gave Uncle Olsen a pleading look, only to see that Uncle Olsen was not paying him any attention, clearly determined to punish Joseph’s daughter and show everyone who was in charge. 
Joseph wiped the sweat from his forehead and hung his head in defeat. 
His daughter, oblivious to how terrible things had become, continued to sneer. “Uncle Olsen, you might not know this, but your daughter is a hopeless romantic. She married her college sweetheart and slaved away for them at home, only to be kicked to the curb three years later when he found someone new! 
Apart from her face, your daughter is completely 
useless!” 
Keira listened to these words, feeling neither pain nor irritation, but she glanced at Uncle Olsen and saw a cold aura emanating from him, his eyes heavy with killing intent.
7 
R 
6 
> 
53 
###Chapter 408
Uncle Olsen looked at Keira. “What’s your view on this 
matter?” 
Keira knew that Uncle Olsen was allowing her to 
provide an explanation and statement to the public, and she slowly said, “I was blind in my youth, but now I’ve learned my lesson.” 
She scoffed and looked toward everyone, speaking indifferently. “A hero is not judged by the past, but by the future. Besides, there is a saying in Crera, ‘A prodigal who returns is more precious than gold.’ If a prodigal can return, why can’t a woman do the same?” 
Her words left everyone in a momentary stun. 
Upon regaining their senses and giving it some thought, it seemed to be indeed the case. 
It appeared that Crera was always particularly tolerant toward boys as if they only needed to learn from their mistakes to be praised. 
Joseph’s daughter immediately retorted angrily. “Women lose too much in marriage! Do you think just 
00.00 
by saying a few words like this, everyone will respect you? Ask around. Who here would want to marry you?” 
Upon hearing this, Uncle Olsen immediately scanned the people present at the scene. 
Most of those who had come today were relatives of the Olsen family. 
The Olsen family’s banquet wasn’t held on a large scale without inviting the five major families to come over, mainly because it was organized in haste. This was also one of the reasons James thought the event was too small; he had believed it was merely an introduction to their “aunt”. 
But the Olsen family had many relatives by marriage, and there were quite a few eligible bachelors prese 
At that moment, upon hearing her words, some men immediately lowered their heads, not wanting to marry a woman who was having a second marriage with a 
child. It was too troublesome! 
When those from families in less fortunate 
circumstances heard the question, their eyes gleamed slightly. 
09.64 
2.9 
She was the Olsen family’s legitimate daughter. Judging by the affection Uncle Olsen showed, plus the gifts the Olsen brothers had just given to her, they could be free from worry if they married her!
Thus, some people could hardly restrain themselves and were about to stand up. 
But just then, they suddenly felt a gaze, no, seven gazes falling upon them. A man turned his head to look and saw the seven Olsen brothers looking at him with stern expressions. 
Although they didn’t speak, their intent was very clear. 
The Olsen’s legitimate daughter couldn’t marry someone of his status! 
The man was so scared that he immediately froze. 
Those of lower status didn’t dare to move, and those of 
higher status didn’t want to move. So after Joseph’s daughter finished speaking, indeed, not a single person came forward. 
Seeing this situation, James grew anxious and immediately signaled to his friends nearby with his 
eyes. 
< 
Although he didn’t understand why his uncle allowed 
this woman to belittle his cousin, his cousin couldn’t be looked down upon by others! 
But his friends were facing away from him and didn’t catch his signals. 
James was speechless 
He was so anxious!
He immediately looked at Charles, asking with his eyes, “What about your friends? Hurry up and stand up for 
our sister!” 
Charles waved his phone and returned a glance. “Sent them a WhatsApp message, but not a single one is responding! Damn them!” 
James didn’t know what to say. 
At this point, he wished he knew the art of disguise, so he could change his appearance and stand up for her! 
The rest of the brothers were equally anxious, but Ellis sat there calmly, which irritated James greatly! 
What was going on with Ellis? How could he be so indifferent toward his dear cousin? 
479 
< 
Unable to restrain himself, he complained, “Ellis, why aren’t you worried?” 
Ellis picked up the wine in front of him and downed it in one gulp. “What’s there to worry about? The Hortons aren’t here yet.” 
When the dowry arrived, everyone would soon know which daughter of the Olsen family was to wed into the Horton family! 
Uncle Olsen allowed Joseph’s daughter to berate Keera, and of course, it wasn’t without aim.
Keera’s past indeed was quite scandalous to speak of. She was seen as a love-struck fool and a mother who was almost swindled out of her inheritance. When people in this circle heard of it, they wouldn’t pity her but would only think her foolish. 
Society nowadays was an impatient one. 
Even if she were to be given the status of the legitimate Olsen daughter, she would never gain everyone’s respect. 
Therefore, if she wished to establish a foothold in the 
circle, she would have to speak out and then fiercely 
alan their focool 
Joseph’s daughter, seeing that no one had yet stood up, immediately said, “See? Someone of high birth. would never fancy someone like her, a used woman! Keera, if you want to marry, there is indeed someone perfect for you!” 
With these words, she turned to look at Victoria. 
Victoria immediately cast down her gaze, avoiding her 
eyes. 
But she took out her phone and sent a message. Soon, footsteps were heard at the entrance. 
Then, a man and an old woman appeared there. 
It was none other than Keera’s ex-husband Howard
and former mother-in-law! 
Victoria’s eyes twinkled slightly when she saw these 
two. 
It was a surprise she had arranged for Keera to humiliate her at the family banquet! 
When Howard and his mother were brought in, their faces were full of eager smiles, especially Howard’s mother, who had never seen such an extravagant banquet and was utterly transfixed. 
< 
They had been living rather poorly for some time. 
Before Howard’s divorce, Cindy would call her “mom” affectionately, making her very happy. But after the divorce, when Howard didn’t find another job, Cindy’s attitude changed completely. 
She would quarrel with Howard’s mother all the time, making the household miserable! 
Howard did nothing but drink and smoke all day long. 
A few days ago, Cindy couldn’t take it anymore and threatened to kick them both out of the house. 
Howard’s mother was furious and longed for the days
when she lived with Keera. 
Back then, Keera worked tirelessly doing household chores and taking care of the children without ever troubling her, and every meal was delicious… 
Compared to those days, what condition was she living 
in now? 
Howard’s mother sighed deeply, unable to help salivating over the banquet food, barely restraining herself from rushing over to snatch something to eat. 
But there was no choice. 
710 
< 
Since Cindy withheld money, the food they cooked at 
home every day tasted terrible, and sometimes they couldn’t even get enough to eat… 
During this period, she even went to the South 
residence but was stopped by the security guard and wasn’t allowed in…. 
Howard’s mother swallowed and, suppressing the urge to dash over and grab some food, followed Howard toward the main table.
Then she saw Keira, and her eyes immediately lit up. She rushed forward, intent on grabbing Keira’s arm. “My dear daughter-in-law, I’ve finally found you! That Cindy is no good. I was wrong. I apologize! Please take me back home!” 
Keira looked at her coldly, scoffing, and instinctively glanced toward Victoria. 
Victoria’s eyes flashed with guilt immediately. 
All these actions were noticed by Uncle Olsen, who frowned and sighed inwardly. 
That adopted daughter… perhaps they shouldn’t keep her in the family anymore… 
###Chapter 409
Howard was also looking at Keira.” 
He had been unable to find a job for a long time and had been drinking and smoking every day recently. Hence, he looked so haggard it was distressing. 
Ever since he learned that Keera had revived the 
company and even started cooperating with the Olsen and Davis families, he had thought about reconciling with Keera several times. 
Unfortunately, just like his mother, he was stopped by the security guard every time. 
On a few occasions, he had snuck into the 
neighborhood at night, but as he approached Keera’s house, he was suddenly knocked out and thrown 
outside. 
Fortunately, it wasn’t snowing anymore; otherwise, he could have frozen to death outside. 
But since then, he had realized that Keera must have gotten involved with some influential person, and he would never get to see her. 
0204 
< 
A few days ago, someone sought him out and told him 
that Keera was actually the illegitimate daughter of the Olsen family! 
This revelation had stunned him! 
How could that be possible? 
She was an orphan adopted by the South family. How could she have such a powerful background? 
Yet, the person had given him an address and told him 
to come today to see for himself… 
When he arrived at the entrance of the banquet, a waiter grabbed him and then let him and his mother, who lacked an invitation, in. 
Now, he was finally able to see Keera again… 
The woman in front of him was still standing tall and graceful, her face as beautiful as a flower, making him wish he could slap himself! 
How could he have ever found such a Keera boring and got lured away by others? 
He was simply blind! 
Therefore, when his mother rushed forward, trying to 
make Keera reconsider, he didn’t stop her; he also
wanted to remarry Keera! 
But to his surprise, his mother hadn’t even touched a hair on Keera’s head when she was immediately grabbed by bodyguards who came from nowhere. 
Two bodyguards stood in front of Keera, looking 
toward him. 
It seemed that if he dared to make any move, they would act immediately. 
The bodyguards emanated a deadly aura, and they 
were people Howard wouldn’t have dared to even look at in the past… and now they were here protecting 
Keera… 
Howard smiled ingratiatingly. “Keera, it’s me. Would you let me come over and have a proper talk with 
you?” 
Keira just gave a cold smile, not saying anything. 
Howard’s mother continued. “Keera, you can’t just ignore your mother. I can’t get enough food or clothing living in Cindy’s house. I am your mother, and you have to take care of me!” 
< 
. 
Keira replied with just one sentence. “I am divorced. How are you my mother?”
Howard’s mother suddenly yelled, “Oh, so now that you’ve climbed the social ladder, you want to disown us? We’ll go to Amy, then. I’m Amy’s grandmother, and this is Amy’s father. She has a duty to provide for us!” 
Keira only found Howard’s mother shameless. 
She scoffed. “Amy is only three years old. You want her to provide for you? Sure, why don’t you try to live until she’s eighteen and can be independent!” 
Howard’s mother was shocked. 
She struggled, trying to break free from the bodyguard to give Keera a good scolding, and immediately sa “Keera, don’t go too far! We have come back to giv you a chance! You should be satisfied now! Make th bodyguards let us go so that we can take our seats at the banquet!” 
Then she looked toward Uncle Olsen. “Dear in-law, we’re family!” 
Uncle Olsen was speechless. 
He simply couldn’t bear to watch. 
09.04 
He really didn’t know how Keera usually dealt with these two people… 
He lowered his eyes, hiding the anger in his heart.
The real Keera had died, and he didn’t know what exactly had happened or why Keera had died under the name of Keira, and Keira was living under the 
name of Keera… 
But he knew that these two bastards had bullied his deceased daughter! 
Even the humbled life his daughter once lived was because of them. 
Yet, perversely, they were indeed the grandmother and father of his daughter’s child, and they were going to ruthlessly exploit Amy in the future… 
If that was the case, then they didn’t need to be alive after today! 
A murderous intent began to rise in Uncle Olsen’s 
chest. 
Howard and his mother, however, failed to read his expression, only thinking that this high and mighty man hadn’t spoken because he might be tacitly 
< 
approving their actions.
Howard immediately turned to Keira. “Keera, I know I was wrong. I’ll break up with Cindy and come home with you!” 
Keira found it laughable. 
Victoria then said, “Keera, they are Amy’s father and grandmother, after all. You…! 
“Shut up!” 
Victoria’s words were not yet finished when James and Charles jumped up, angrily staring at her. 
Victoria immediately became aggrieved, and with a pitiful expression, she said, “I… I was just thinking th in Crera, people encourage reconciliation rather tha separation. There’s a saying, ‘It is better to demolish ten temples than to destroy one marriage. So I…” 
“That’s for others. Does this man deserve that 
consideration?” 
James frowned and rebuked 
How could they let that happen when Keera had finally stopped doing stupid things for love? 
G/D 
< 
. 
Victoria dared not speak further, lest her intent become too obvious and be discovered….
Joseph’s daughter, however, let out a cold laugh. “Keera, Howard has merely made a mistake that any man could make. Why did he cheat on you? You should look for reasons within yourself. Are you not good enough? Is that why you couldn’t keep your husband?” 
Keira didn’t say anything. 
Howard then knelt on the ground. “Keera, I’ve realized my mistake. Please forgive me! Can’t we go back to being the happy family of three we once were? I promise, if we remarry, I’ll take good care of you and Amy…” 
Listening to these words, a faint light flickered in 
Keira’s eyes. 
“Sister, can you hear this? 
“This scumbag has admitted his faults. 
“If it were you, would you forgive him?” 
At the thought, Keira began to laugh, a sense of relief washing over her. 
Keera wouldn’t. 
She had never been infatuated with him. She had only 
married him to use that useless facade to deceive the
South family, in hopes of gaining her freedom. 
Keira said, “Get lost!” 
At these words, Uncle Olsen waved his hand, and bodyguards stepped forward, grabbing hold of Howard 
and his mother. 
The two of them suddenly shouted. 
“Keera, if you throw us out, who are you planning to 
marry?” 
“Guys, listen! Keera is second-hand goods I’ve been with. I’m such trash; do you really want to pick up what I’ve discarded?” 
Howard was like a madman, completely disregarding the setting. 
He knew that the moment Keera remarried, he would lose all opportunities. 
He was playing the scoundrel now and would later coax Amy. He believed he still had a chance! 
11/3 
400 Chapter 408 
Joseph’s daughter also sneered with a swollen face. “Keera, I think you should give him another chance. Remarry him! After all, besides Howard, no one else would marry you!!”
Almost immediately after these words were uttered, a voice suddenly came from the entrance. “Who says no one would marry Miss Olsen?!” 
With that, the Horton family’s betrothal gifts finally 
made their entrance!! 
R 
You’ve arrived at the latest chapter! 
. 
> 
Terrible 
9:3
###Chapter 410
Everyone turned their heads and saw the wedding gifts from the Horton family being brought in one by 
one. 
Over a dozen bodyguards each carried a box. 
The contents of those boxes, displayed before everyone, were either jewelry of inestimable value or shops and properties in Clance that were difficult to purchase. 
Each wedding gift was enough to incite envy. 
Even these wealthy people couldn’t help but sigh at the Horton family’s generous dowry. 
People looked on with admiration and then craned their necks to see if they could get a glimpse of this mysterious Mr. Horton. 
Following the long procession of gifts was a man in a 
suit. 
He was tall and well-built, with a happy, handsome face and a slightly infuriating smile… 
“Is this Mr. Horton? He looks quite imposing!” 
33: 
4to Chapter 400 
“Not bad-looking at all.”
“It’s just that he doesn’t quite match the stories we’ve 
heard…” 
Hearing the surrounding conversation, Keira couldn’t help but twitch her mouth. 
The man who had arrived wasn’t Lewis but Tom! 
That man made such a big show, yet he didn’t show up in person? 
She pursed her lips. 
By then, Tom had already approached Uncle Olsen and respectfully began. “Uncle Olsen, Mr. Horton has another very important matter and can’t make an appearance, so he specially sent me to deliver the betrothal gifts from the Horton and Olsen families.” 
Uncle Olsen glanced at Keira. 
He certainly knew what that “very important” matter. Lewis had was being Keira’s driver! 
He twitched his mouth and only said, “That’s very 
considerate of him.” 
“To marry the daughter of the Olsen family, one 
certainly must put in some effort!” 
Tom smiled ingratiatingly and then looked toward Keira, raising his eyebrows as a greeting.
If Lewis could guess Keira’s identity, Tom, as Lewis’s assistant, surely could see through it as well… 
Keira returned his greeting with a roll of her eyes. 
Immediately, Tom laughed. 
He was genuinely happy. 
When Keira died, Mr. Horton looked as if he was going to follow her to the grave! 
Thankfully, the lady didn’t die, and Mr. Horton also got his life back as a result! 
He was thinking of this when the people around suddenly realized that this unremarkable man wasn’t Mr. Horton, but Mr. Horton’s assistant. 
The wedding gifts were placed aside one by one. 
No one cared about the food anymore; they immediately went over to take a closer look. 
Some even looked toward Victoria. “Miss Olsen, come quickly to see your dowry!” 
||| 
< 
54
Victoria blushed and then stood up. 
She felt she had finally reclaimed some ground. 
Just now, after Keera was introduced, the seven 
brothers gave her so many gifts that the way everyone looked at her made it seem like she was losing favor in the Olsen family! 
But now, the dowry from the Horton family was even more than what the seven brothers had given Keera 
combined! 
“Heavens! There are even shares of the Horton Group inside – fifteen percent!” 
“I heard that the first and second branches of the 
Horton Group were competing fiercely, and Mr. Horton just gave away fifteen percent of the shares as a betrothal gift to Miss Olsen. He must be really 
serious!” 
“Although it’s a second marriage for Mr. Horton, he’s really treating Miss Olsen nicely!” 
When Victoria heard about the fifteen percent of the shares, she was also astonished, and her eyes widened. She had never imagined that Lewis’s determination to 
marry her was this atronal
13.23 
There had been no response from the Horton family before, and she thought the marriage was off! 
She started to smile. 
Someone beside her began to speak. 
“Miss Olsen, your betrothal gift is truly the talk of Clance!” 
“Right, the Horton family is so sincere. The Olsen family must also be preparing a generous dowry. The biggest beneficiary of this marriage alliance turns out to be Miss Olsen!” 
While a group of people were offering Victoria their congratulations, Joseph’s daughter turned to Keera with a sneer. “See that? This is the scale on which the Olsen family marries off a daughter! Keera, what did Howard give you when you got married?” 
After her mocking words, Victoria revealed a smug smile at the corner of her lips. 
She immediately said, “Don’t say that. Keera wasn’t acknowledged back then, so of course, she wasn’t treated well. Uncle Olsen, if Keera remarries Howard, 
or if she marries someone else in the future, we must make up for her dowry…” 
Her insincere words made Keira scoff. 
Uncle Olsen also raised an eyebrow. 
Ellis, standing nearby, caught the insinuations in the 
conversation. 
James, being a straightforward man, took it seriously and immediately nodded. “Right, right, Uncle Olsen, we still need to prepare some assets for Keera!” 
Charles also nodded. “Keera, don’t remarry that Howard. Clance has plenty of eligible bachelors. If we can’t find a top-tier tycoon, we can still find someone decent. We’ll add to your dowry then!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Victoria, feigning concern, spoke again. “Keera, why aren’t you speaking? Are you unhappy? If so, I could share half of the Horton family’s betrothal gifts with 
you…” 
At these words, Joseph’s daughter immediately said, “Miss Victoria, those are the Horton family’s betrothal gifts. How can you share them? You’re spoiling her too 
||| 
J 
much!” 
Tom also furrowed his brows. “Exactly, why would you get to take half?” 
Victoria hurriedly explained, “It’s not like that. My sister has just been reunited with the family, and as her older sister, I ought to give a greeting present… 
11 
As soon as she finished speaking, Tom scoffed. “Then give from your own things. Taking half of Miss Keera’s betrothal gifts and giving them to her? What does that mean? Even making a gesture of borrowed offerings should be done right, shouldn’t it?” 
Victoria was confused. 
She was a bit dumbfounded. “What do you mean… Miss Keera’s betrothal gifts?” 
Joseph’s daughter was also stunned, pointing incredulously at the betrothal gifts. “Aren’t these the betrothal gifts given by the Horton family for proposing to the Olsen family? The unmarried daughter of the Olsen family is Victoria!” 
Tom was equally bewildered, but then pointed at Keira, saying, “You’ve got it all wrong! The gifts from the 
Horton family is for Miss Keera Olsen!”
川 
Since Keera was recognized by her family, she 
naturally took the surname. 
With that, she became Keera Olsen. 
Therefore, everyone understood what Tom meant! 
Victoria was stunned, her voice becoming shrill. “What are you saying?” 
Joseph’s daughter was in disbelief, glaring at them. “Sir, do you even know what you are talking about? Keera has been married before! She even has a daughter! Have you made a mistake?” 
It was only then that Tom finally understood their 
meaning and glanced at Keira. 
He realized why his boss had made such a grand gesture of betrothal, which was to establish his wife’s 
position! 
With a sneer, he clarified. “Let’s make this clear! Mr. Horton is also entering a second marriage, and he and Miss Keera Olsen are truly a match made in heaven!
Today, knowing that Miss Keera has returned to her family, we’ve come especially to present the betrothal gifts! Only a biological daughter of Uncle Olsen is fit to 
be the lady of the Horton family! What right does on 
adopted daughter have to marry Mr. Horton?” 2
###Chapter 411
411 Chapter 410 
Tom's voice was loud and clear, making everyone at the banquet widen their eyes in disbelief. 
Joseph's daughter felt she must have heard him wrong. 
Victoria was stunned and felt that something was very wrong with the way things were unfolding. 
How could this be? 
She looked at "Keera" in shock. How could Lewis possibly take an interest in such a discarded and defeated woman just because she was the legitimate daughter? 
She clenched her fists tightly, refusing to believe everything that was happening before her eyes. 
After a moment of silence, the surrounding crowd burst into activity again. 
Those who had been encircling Victoria now rushed toward "Keera", their faces adorned with flattering smiles. 
"Miss Keera, congratulations!" 
"Mr. Horton values you so much that he specifically came to make a betrothal during your family reunion banquet. You're so fortunate!" 
"Congratulations!" 
"..." 
Even the seven Olsen brothers suddenly showed joy on their faces and hurried over to Keira. 
James crossed his arms. "Well, that Lewis didn't even come to make the betrothal himself. How insincere!" 
Charles then said, "Exactly. If he ever mistreats you in the future, just say the word, and all seven of us will back you up!" 
Ellis scolded the two of them. "Be quiet!" 
James sneaked a glance at Keira, and after hesitating for a long time, he swallowed the words he was about to say. 
He wanted to persuade his little sister to break up with that gigolo. After all, her fiancé was now Lewis. Keeping that gigolo around would be like slapping Lewis's face, wouldn't it? 
But now wasn't the right time; it would be better to give her a private reminder later. 
Keira looked at her seven brothers with a hint of a smile on her face. 
Although she didn't need their kindness, the feeling of having a family... wasn't too bad! 
Victoria was pushed back by the crowd and took a step backward. She wanted to step forward but couldn't squeeze through the crowd, so she could only stand bitterly in the back as if she had been forgotten! 
She took a deep breath, suddenly stepped forward, and approached "Keera" with a concerned look. "Keera, now that you're engaged to Mr. Horton, what about your boyfriend?" 
At those words, everyone immediately fell silent. 
Someone couldn't help asking, "What boyfriend?" 
James immediately gave Victoria a warning look, conveying that now wasn't the time for such talk. 
But Victoria pretended not to see it and frowned with worry. "It's that college student you brought to the banquet last time, the one who's really handsome, even better looking than any celebrity I've seen. It's just... Keera, shouldn't you break up with him first?" 
James was shocked! 
He immediately became anxious, hastily turned to Tom, and was just about to try explaining when Joseph's daughter blurted out, "Yes, she has a boyfriend! Sir, you must tell Mr. Horton. Don't be deceived by her! After her divorce, she kept a gigolo around. What right does such a promiscuous woman have to be Mrs. Horton?!" 
James immediately said, "Don't be ridiculous! That... that was just my sister's driver! Yes, just a driver! He's not even a friend!" 
Keira watched him as he blatantly lied. 
He was the one who stormed into her home a few days ago, demanding that she break up with Lewis. Had he forgotten about that? 
And now he was defending her with such a statement in public. 
Despite being a bit annoying at first, her brother was somewhat endearing now. 
Joseph's daughter then sneered. "What driver? At the last banquet, she admitted in front of everyone that that gigolo was her boyfriend. Sir, don't be fooled!" 
Tom's face immediately darkened upon hearing this. 
Who were they calling a gigolo?! 
Seeing his expression, Victoria felt confident that the matter was settled. 
Their marriage was definitely off! 
After all, no man could accept his fiancée fooling around with another man, could he? 
But just as she thought of this, she heard Tom sigh. "Mr. Horton is aware of this matter." 
Everyone was perplexed. 
Then they heard Tom continue. "But he doesn't mind as long as Miss Olsen is willing to marry him." 
Everyone was now astonished. 
Had they misheard just now? 
Or had the world turned into fantasy?! 
Lewis was the wealthiest man in Oceanion. The Horton family moved to Clance over two months ago and was gradually relocating their entire clan there... 
Mr. Horton, the man who took control of the Horton family, was intimidating and ruthless. Was he actually so in love with a woman?! 
For "Keera", he was willing to stoop to such a humble act? 
Joseph's daughter couldn't help but say, "Why? Just because she's Uncle Olsen's biological daughter? We've seen plenty of prestigious family alliances through marriage but never one so indecent!" 
In the circle of elites, everyone's marriage was tied to business. 
Many couples were merely nominal husbands and wives. 
But even so, while each had their affairs, they would still produce decent heirs and keep their lovers in the shadows, at least not blatantly dishonoring each other. 
Everyone knew "Keera's" boyfriend; with things going this far, how could someone of Lewis's status not care? 
Tom tilted his chin upward and then spun his tale with utmost seriousness. "Of course not. Mr. Horton met Miss Keera and was taken aback by her beauty. He vowed to wed no other in this life. Even though Miss Olsen's heart belongs to another man, Mr. Horton wouldn't mind sharing her with a third person! Mr. Horton's admiration for Miss Olsen is immense, his love as deep-rooted as the seas..." 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
This Tom really had a flair for drama! 
She glared at Tom, making him immediately stop his flattery, and he summarized, "In short, Mr. Horton is devoted to Miss Keera only!" 
Everyone was speechless. 
They were all stunned. 
No one could believe it, feeling confident that there was something wrong with the way they'd come to the party that evening. 
James, taking the words for truth, looked at "Keera" and couldn't help but say, "Our little sister is indeed quite pretty, but she can't really bewitch a man to this extent, can she?" 
Charles was also baffled. "If I were like that, Uncle Olsen would definitely break my legs!" 
Only Ellis couldn't help but roll his eyes. 
That scheming Lewis sure knew how to pick his assistant. 
However, these words did elevate his little sister's status, and he was pretty pleased. 
Even Uncle Olsen's mouth twitched. 
After a pause, the crowd awkwardly started talking. 
"Mr. Horton is such a romantic." 
"Miss Olsen is impressive too..." 
"We've indeed witnessed a match made in heaven tonight!" 
"..." 
Hearing such forced praise, Joseph's daughter finally realized she was in trouble. She glanced at Victoria and immediately started slipping away quietly. 
Just as she was about to slip out of the banquet hall, a chilly voice suddenly asked, "Where do you think you're going?"
###Chapter 412
412 Chapter 411 
Joseph's daughter whipped around sharply, only to see James standing menacingly behind her. 
As this voice rang out, everyone else quickly turned their attention toward that direction. 
Joseph's daughter swallowed hard. "I, I'm leaving..." 
When James heard this, he began to laugh. 
His laugh was exactly like his older brother's, with a bit of maliciousness and roguishness that made onlookers feel unnerved and uneasy. 
Joseph's daughter couldn't help but shiver. "What, what are you going to do?" 
James suddenly pointed at Howard and his mother and asked, "They were summoned here by you, weren't they? If you're leaving, why not take them with you?" 
Upon hearing this, Joseph immediately glared at his daughter. 
His daughter quickly waved her hands. "It wasn't me, it wasn't ..." 
"Still trying to deny it?" 
James sneered, and with a wave of his hand, a hotel staff member approached, holding a camera that showed a video. 
In the video, Joseph's daughter handed a sum of money to a staff member. 
Then, the staff member snuck Howard and his mother, who didn't have an invitation, into the venue through the service entrance ... 
After seeing the video, Joseph's daughter was stunned, "I..." 
She swiftly turned her head, looking at Victoria. "It was you! It was you who told me to do that! I was just helping you!" 
Victoria hadn't expected James to have a recording, and upon hearing this, she immediately waved her hands. "What are you talking about? When did I ever ask you to do such things?" 
Joseph's daughter was baffled. 
Victoria then said, "You didn't like Keera. What does that have to do with me? Besides, this is the Olsen family's banquet. How could I possibly let you bring people in and disgrace our family?" 
Joseph's daughter was bewildered. 
She stared at Victoria in disbelief. "You, you ..." 
Victoria then looked to James and Uncle Olsen. "Uncle, it really wasn't me! She's slandering me! There might have been some friction between Keera and me, but I knew Keera was your daughter long ago, so how could I do such a thing? The Olsen family raised me. How could I be so ungrateful and treacherous?!" 
Uncle Olsen chuckled coldly. 
Victoria was indeed cautious in her actions and had left no trace behind. 
Therefore, they only had evidence of Joseph's daughter committing the misdeed, but none of Victoria's ... 
Without evidence, punishing Victoria in front of everyone would make Keira the center of gossip. 
It would look as if the Olsen family's daughter couldn't tolerate an adopted daughter and wanted to chase the latter away. 
Uncle Olsen then cast his eyes downward, remaining silent. 
"If you commit enough misdeeds, you'll eventually show your true colors," he thought. 
James also frowned and said, "Victoria, you don't need to explain. I believe you! But this woman has plotted against the Olsen family in such a manner. What exactly does she take the Olsen family for? Joseph, is my uncle no longer able to wield a knife? Or can't the seven of us take any action?" 
At this moment, Joseph's face was pale with fright. He wiped the non-existent cold sweat from his forehead, realizing he'd been massively let down by his daughter this time!! 
Just as Joseph's daughter was about to speak, Joseph rushed over and slapped her face hard. "Shut your mouth!!" 
He used even more force than before. 
With the slap, blood oozed from the girl's mouth, and she spat out two front teeth. 
Joseph immediately looked at Uncle Olsen with his head bowed respectfully. "Mr. Olsen, my daughter has been spoiled, and I don't think she's suitable for staying in the country anymore. I'll arrange for her to go abroad immediately so she can gain some experience and learn how treacherous the world can be!" 
Uncle Olsen merely touched the ring on his finger, his voice calm. "Her mistake is just an unintentional slip, nothing but a bit of squabbling really, but you're right. After all, she has lived too comfortably since childhood. It's time for her to go abroad and endure some hardship." 
The conversation had reached this point when Uncle Olsen suddenly said, "I think GMR is a good choice, and they have good custom there. Let her go there to study, and maybe that will change her arrogant character. What do you think?" 
Joseph's pupils shrank. 
There was civil unrest in GMR at the moment, with news of shootings happening every day. The people of that country were desperately trying to flee, so why would anyone send their child there? 
But he understood; this was Uncle Olsen's punishment for his daughter! 
Swallowing hard, Joseph turned to glance at his daughter before setting his heart and saying firmly, "You're right. I'll arrange it immediately." 
Uncle Olsen smiled. "There might be some difficulties with the visa, but don't worry, I'll have someone take care of it for you." 
There was no turning back now. 
Joseph suddenly felt that his decisive action had been the right choice. If he had dared speak a word on behalf of his daughter, Uncle Olsen might have sent their entire family over! 
He nodded immediately. "That would be great, thank you very much." 
"There's no trouble at all. You've been my subordinate for a long time, and I ought to help you out with this," Uncle Olsen said, still smiling. 
Continuing to smile, Uncle Olsen added, "Then you should take your daughter home to pack her bags." 
Joseph nodded and quickly left with his daughter in tow. 
Only then did Uncle Olsen casually turn his gaze to Howard and his mother. He sighed deeply and said in a low voice, "The two of you... Since you are Amy's father and grandmother, and I'm her grandfather on the mother's side, we're all one family. Someone will take you away and make sure you're well looked after by the Olsen family!" 
The last few words were spoken very slowly and carried a deadly seriousness. 
Howard felt it and suddenly felt warmth in his pants; he had been scared to the point of wetting himself. 
His mother was foolish and still didn't understand the situation, so she smiled. "Hey, that's great! It's like what I was saying. Qe have a child between us, so we're definitely a family..." 
Howard's legs went weak, and he was dragged away while his mother trotted off happily toward what she thought would be a "wonderful life." 
Uncle Olsen then waved his hand again. "Alright, no more spectacles for everyone to laugh at. Let's continue! Come, let's raise a glass for my daughter's return!" 
After that, no one in the room dared to speak ill of "Keera". 
Keira looked around at everyone, then couldn't help but glance sideways at Uncle Olsen. 
No wonder Lewis respected him so much; this man controlled the fates of several people with just a few words. 
The rest of the evening went smoothly, with everyone treating Keira with utmost respect until the guests had all left one by one after the banquet ended. 
It was only then that James approached Keira. "Sister, will you take my car home?" 
Keira coughed lightly. "I'm not staying at the Olsen house. I'm going back to the South residence." 
James was startled. "Why? Are you still mad at me? Isn't it enough that I've admitted my fault? Maybe I should let you hit me? I won't hit back!" 
Keira couldn't help but laugh. "No, it's just that Amy gets anxious around strangers. I'm afraid it wouldn't be good for her if we change environments. Besides..." 
She lowered her eyes. "I still have things to do." 
"Is it about the Freeman Sect? I'll take you to see the Sect Leader tomorrow, then!" 
"Sure." 
Meanwhile, Ellis turned to Mary, speaking softly, "Aren't you going home tonight?" 
With her head bowed, Mary replied quietly, "Let's wait until we reach three months, then we'll decide." 
Ellis was silent for a while before asking, "How much longer?" 
"About three or four days." 
Mary slowly looked up at him. "Ellis, let's meet at the hospital in four days."
###Chapter 413
Ellis chuckled bitterly when he heard what she said. 
He just couldn’t understand why Mary was so persistent about having this amniocentesis done. 
He had already gone through three exams and all 
1 
showed azoospermia; it was impossible for him to have 
children… 
When Keira was about to leave, Uncle Olsen asked all 
seven brothers to accompany her and Mary to the car. 
On the way to the parking lot. 
Charles couldn’t help but lean in. “Little sister, do you want to know what happened to Howard and his 
mother?” 
Keira couldn’t help but glance at him. 
Charles was the youngest son. 
He had been calling her “little sister” before, and Keira didn’t correct him, but now.. 
Keira coughed. “How old are you?”
Charles said, Little sister, I’m about to celebrate my 
0 
< 
21st birthday soon. I’m studying at Tsipin University.” 
Tsipin University is the top-ranked institution in the country, located in Clance. 
These children of wealthy families might be able to spend money to attend famous overseas universities, but Tsipin University wasn’t so easy to get into. 
Charles getting into Tsipin University meant he was truly a scholarly type. 
Keira couldn’t help but twitch her lips. “I’m about to 
turn 23 years old.” 
The rather naive Charles still hadn’t realized the 
problem. “Oh, and then? Little sister, do you want a birthday present?” 
Keira was speechless. 
She twitched her lips. “My point is, you should be calling me ‘big sister”.” 
Charles fell silent.
He was stunned!! 
Keira then looked toward the Olsen family’s sixth son. “How old are you?” 
0 
He smiled and said. “I’m older than you, I’m 23 years 
and one month old!” 
Keira said, “So I have six older brothers and one 
younger brother.” 
Charles couldn’t believe it. 
He felt like crying, as he had thought the family finally had a younger sister, but it turned out this “younger sister” was actually an older cousin!! 
He wasn’t happy! 
However, this didn’t affect his affection toward Keira, as he leaned in close again. “Then, dear big little sister, do you know what happened to Howard and his 
mother?” 
Keira thought, “What’s with this mess of a title?”
But facing someone with a face similar to the faces of Ellis and James, full of innocence and the clear- eyed look characteristic of university students… 
He looked quite endearing. 
She asked, “What happened to them?” 
Charles chuckled. “Just now I saw Uncle Olsen 
0 
instructing the bodyguards. They sent them off to a pyramid scheme organization, which specializes in human trafficking, to some countries to the east. Their fate is to become trafficked people!” 
Keira didn’t see that coming. 
She couldn’t help but twitch her lips. “Wait, does our family even deal in that kind of business?” 
James immediately explained. “Of course not. You mustn’t have any misunderstandings about our family! Our business is quite diverse, so we have those kinds. of connections. Everything else is legal and compliant.” 
Keira then nodded in relief. 
After all, this was Crera! 
But she didn’t notice that, after James finished talking about being legal and compliant, Ellis glanced at him and immediately showed a hint of a sneer.
Feeling the ridicule from his older brother, James coughed and covered up his moment of unease. 
As they chatted, they arrived at the parking lot. 
The car that Keera drove in Clance was a black Chery, a domestic brand, fitting for the Keera’s style and 
0 
< 
economic status. 
Charles noticed the car and immediately said. “Cousin sister, let me give you a better car! Isn’t it 
inappropriate for you to drive this old thing?” 
Keira, however, smiled. “I’m used to it; it’s pretty good.” 
Now, this car had already been sent for modifications by Lewis. 
The engine had been replaced, the windows had been changed to bulletproof glass, and even the metal shell had been replaced with composite materials used for manufacturing airplanes. 
All of this was because Lewis feared she might encounter some crisis again… 
It just looked unassuming on the outside, but in reality, whether it was about driving performance or safety, it was much stronger than a regular car.
Charles wanted to say something more, but James lowered his voice and said, “Sister, although Mr. Horton made his stance clear today, you also can’t go too far. This gigolo, although he looks rather good, you should also consider Mr. Horton. That kind of person is 
a real talent. Your gigolo is a college graduate who’s 
0 
( 
interested only in your money. Don’t be deceived!” 
Keira was speechless. 
Where on earth did Lewis resemble a fresh college 
graduate?! 
He was twenty-eight years old, okay?!! 
She twitched the corner of her mouth and nodded. 
Finally, after bidding farewell to her seven brothers, she got into the car with Mary. 
Keira sat in the passenger seat. 
Mary went to sit in the back seat, without giving Ellis another glance. 
The car started moving quickly.
Mary sighed silently, not wanting the trouble of seeing Ellis to disturb Keira’s happiness, so she found a topic 
and said, “Keera, what’s the deal with Lewis anyway? Are you really going to marry that second-hand old 
man?” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She silently glanced at Lewis. 
She saw the man’s gaze fixed straight ahead, a sharp 
0 
< 
glint flashing in his deep eyes, and she immediately 
coughed once, turning to Mary. 
“Well, actually, Lewis is quite nice.” 
Mary frowned. “He’s quite nice with a family background beyond reproach, but you still have to choose between the gigolo and Lewis, right?” 
Upon hearing this, Lewis immediately glanced at Keira with the corner of his eye.
He saw her blink and reply slowly, “Only children make choices. Adults, like me, want them all!” 
Mary was shocked. 
The corners of Lewis’s lips couldn’t help but curl up. 
He suddenly remembered when he first met Keira, 
after she had picked up his grandmother, she had called him saying, “Your elder is in my hands…” 
At the time, he thought this girl was really cheeky! 
Now, she finally regained some of her past playful charm and didn’t look so burdened anymore. 
Meanwhile, the Olsen family members had already 
0 
< 
returned home. 
James, with his head down, was somewhat unhappy, “Uncle Olsen, Ellis, do you think Keera refuses to move back home because she holds a grudge against me?” 
Ellis didn’t even bother to speak to his younger 
brother.
Uncle Olsen didn’t pay him any attention, either. 
It was Charles who comforted him. “I think it’s alright. When she spoke to you, there was a smile in her eyes.” 
“Really?” James’s eyes lit up, but soon he became puzzled again. “Then why does she refuse to come 
back home? Is there someone she dislikes in this 
house?” 
Those words stunned everyone briefly, and then their gazes turned in unison to Victoria. 
Victoria was speechless. 
Feeling like a lamb among tigers under the gaze of her seven brothers, she quickly said, “I did have misunderstandings with Keera before knowing her identity, but we’ve already made up…” 
“Is that so?” James stroked his chin, “Has she forgiven 
A/10 
you then?” 
Victoria didn’t know what to say. 
She twitched the corner of her mouth and lowered her head, her eyes flashing with resentment. 
The seven brothers were definitely doing this on
purpose! 
They were pushing her to apologize to Keera. 
She sighed and suddenly said, “It’s my fault. If it’s because of me that she doesn’t want to return home, then perhaps I should move out first…” 
She put on a tearful expression and slowly lifted her 
head. 
She was expecting to face pleas and persuasion, but what she encountered was…
###Chapter 414
“I think it’s a good idea.” 
1 
James answered seriously. 
Victoria was dumbfounded. 
She subconsciously looked toward her uncle, only to hear Uncle Olsen say, “I remember you own properties under your name, right?” 
Victoria was shocked! 
She felt like she’d played herself! 
She hurriedly started to speak, “No, Uncle, I…” 
“I have one, you can stay at my place for the time being!” 
James interrupted her. 
Victoria was speechless. 
It was the first time she felt the pain that the simple-minded man could bring! 
She bit her lip, about to say something when James patted her shoulder. “Even though you are our foster 
0 
< 
sister, you don’t have to feel embarrassed. After all, we 
grew up together. My house is your house, so feel free to stay as long as you like!” 
Then he turned, eyes shining toward Uncle Olsen. “Uncle, shall I tell Keera tomorrow that Victoria has 
left so she can move back in?” 
Uncle Olsen said, “…you go ahead.” 
He was too tired to deal with this foolish nephew and simply entered the house, glancing back at Victoria before he entered. “Ask Carmen to help you pack your 
bags.” 
1 
He clearly wanted to drive her away overnight! 
Victoria took a deep breath, almost losing her balance. 
She clenched her teeth tightly, nodding after a while. “Okay, Uncle.” 
Clenching her fists, she slowly entered her own room and started packing her belongings. Looking around the room she had lived in for over twenty years, her eyes were filled with resentment. 
Why?
Why should she be driven out just because that 
0 
< 
pampered girl from the Olsen family returned? 
What did the Olsen family think of her? 
Tears began to gather in Victoria’s eyes as she spitefully took in everything around her. 
She, Victoria, would surely return one day! 
And she would return gloriously!! 
The car soon arrived at the South family’s home. 
Just as Keera entered, she saw Rebecca sitting in the living room, arguing with Samuel. 
Samuel taunted her sarcastically, “Well, if it isn’t Miss Allen herself. Didn’t you refuse to cooperate with my boss a while back? What brings you to our doorstep now? Aren’t you worried about sullying your precious feet in my boss’s humble abode?” 
Rebecca hung her head in the face of his sarcasm. “I… I didn’t mean to before…” 
“That still wasn’t polite to my boss. I heard you even wanted my boss to leave Mary’s wedding, threatening her by suicide? Miss Allen, the doors to the Allen
0 
< 
family are truly hard to enter!” 
Rebecca’s face flushed red, and she stood up abruptly, bowing her head to Samuel. 
That action took Samuel by surprise. 
He immediately sprung up from the sofa. “What are you doing?” 
Rebecca’s eyes were slightly red as she replied, “I failed to recognize Miss Keira before, I’m sorry!” 
Samuel was dumbfounded. 
He became uncomfortable immediately, even stuttering in his reply. “It’s okay, it doesn’t matter. I just have a sharp tongue, don’t take it to heart…” 
Rebecca nodded. “When you came to my house before, I even scolded you. I owe you an apology, I’m sorry.” 
“You’re welcome, really, it’s nothing. Besides, you scold pretty nicely, so feel free to do so more often. It’s alright.” 
Rebecca was confused. 
Samuel scratched his head.
0 
< 
As a veteran in the field of romance, this was the first 
time he had encountered someone so fixated on the 
truth, and he found himself at a loss. 
Fortunately, at that moment, Keira and the others 
returned. 
He immediately felt as if he had been released and 
rushed to Keira. “Boss, this is the collaboration contract with the Allen family. I’ve brought it to you. If 
there’s nothing else, I’ll be leaving now!” 
Before leaving, he glanced back at Rebecca. 
Rebecca was staring at him. Seeing him turn around, she bowed again. 
Samuel was so frightened that he tumbled and 
scrambled out the door… 
Keira didn’t know what to say.
When Lewis saw Rebecca, his brow immediately 
furrowed. 
Didn’t she go home a couple of days ago? Why was she back again? 
Suspicious, he eyed Keira warily. Surely these three 
women weren’t planning to stav un all night talking 
0 
again? 
Luckily, Mary was pregnant and not suited for staying up late… 
Rebecca was a bit nervous. “I heard that Austin Gill has been trying to cause trouble for you. The whole of Clance is buzzing with talk that he beat you up… How was the family reunion feast today?” 
The feast that night didn’t actually invite people from the five major families but just the Olsen family’s own 
members. 
After all, Keira wanted to keep a low profile. 
Keira assured her that everything went smoothly, and Rebecca breathed a sigh of relief. She then continued.
“About Austin, it’s not really an issue. But after this ruckus, it might be difficult for you to cooperate with the Gill family. 
Although Rebecca didn’t understand why Keira would want to have relationships with all five major families, she still tried her best to help gather information. 
Keira pressed her lips together. 
Without mentioning how Jackson constantly bullied 
0 
< 
Keera back at the Freeman Sect, just the rumors Austin spread about Mary had tarnished her reputation. That grudge was set. 
However… 
“There’s always a way out. Let’s not talk about the Gill family for now. My primary goal is to join the Freeman Sect first!” 
After saying that, Keira looked at Rebecca, “If I were James’s sister, do you think James could get me into 
the Freeman Sect?”
Rebecca thought for a moment and nodded, “There shouldn’t be a problem. You might not recognize James’s significance to the Freeman Sect.” 
Since her return, Rebecca had already begun to gather information for her. “As a second senior brother, James 
is in love with Kate Freeman, the daughter of the Freeman Sect Leader, and they’re engaged. The Olsen family and the Freeman family had long agreed that the first two children they bear would carry the Freeman surname. So, unless that mysterious eldest 
senior sister marries into the Freeman family, the position of the Sect Leader will likely fall to James. The 
0 
Sect Leader must have the surname Freeman, and 
that’s a fundamental rule of the Freeman Sect.” 
Keira nodded. 
Rebecca added. “So, as a second senior brother, James has a lot of say in the Freeman Sect. At the very least, he can let you become a direct disciple of his Master, which would make you a legitimate member of their lineage.” 
Keira was relieved to hear this. 
Time quickly moved to the next day.
Keira and James agreed on a time to meet at the entrance of the Freeman Sect. 
James saw that it was still Lewis who had brought her over and immediately hesitated, ultimately not saying anything, but leading Keira inside while speaking, “Victoria has moved out to live on her own. When are you moving back in?” 
Seeing his enthusiasm, Keira immediately said, “Maybe 
in a while.” 
James nodded, then smiled and said, “I called my Master yesterday, and he agreed. He even plans to 
0 
have the Sect Leader witness your discipleship 
ceremony today…” 
Keira was taken aback. “Isn’t this hasty? The discipleship ceremony is today?” 
“Yeah, the Master is just taking you as a named disciple…” James spoke as they walked. “The rest of us had very formal ceremonies except for our eldest 
senior sister, who was taken as a disciple by the Sect Leader outside the sect.” 
James said, “Sister, you’ve been in the outer sect for so many years, and it might be too late for you to practice martial arts. So, there’s no need to hurry after becoming a disciple. I’ll help you train at a steady pa After all, not everyone is like our eldest senior sister,
who began training at the age of fifteen and now has an iron-clad body. I heard the Sect Leader say that I can’t even last thirty moves against her, she’s so formidable… 
“It’s about time for the eldest senior sister to return, isn’t it? Why haven’t we heard anything? When we see the Sect Leader, I’m going to ask him…”
###Chapter 415
“By the way, sis, what was going on during the last martial arts competition? How did you manage to dodge my three moves? I underestimated you, though. I’ll properly teach you how to fight one of these days and test your skills again… 
“Oh, right, my fiancée’s name is Kate, and I’ve arranged to meet her today-once you guys meet, we’ll all be family! 
“I’m not marrying into her family, don’t get it twisted. The Olsen family couldn’t possibly resort to that. I just don’t have a choice since the Freeman Sect is lacking successors, alas! 
“Well, it’s not exactly a lack of successors. Kate does have many brothers and sisters, but not many of them are really up to par in martial arts. Nowadays, people who can endure hardship and work hard are scarce… Like me, who was sent here by my third uncle at the age of three and who diligently practiced ever since… very few indeed… 
“But I’ve heard that our eldest senior sister started 
practicing martial arts at fifteen and only trains for 
two hours a day, sometimes even less… She’s really amazing! 
Keira realized that James was an absolute chatterbox. 
Ever since meeting her, the guy hadn’t stopped yapping. 
As they entered the Freeman Sect and were about to head for the backyard, they spotted a slender girl standing in the resting area for Outer Sect Disciples. Her eyes lit up upon seeing Keira, and she immediately rushed over, grabbing Keira’s arm.
Keira was startled. 
The girl gestured with her hands and then, realizing something, took out a notebook and started writing furiously. After quickly jotting down a few words, she handed it to her. 
Keira read the note, where the girl’s handwriting was neat and tidy. It read, “Hello, I am Nara, Matias’s sister. My brother was beaten by Jackson and is currently bedridden. He asked me to warn you to be careful of 
Jackson’s retaliation” 
Keira blinked in surprise, then looked again at the girl in front of her. 
She was very pretty, like a delicate white flower. Was 
she mute? 
Keira pursed her lips, and picked up the paper and pen to write something, but the girl snatched them away and waved her hand. Then she pointed to her own ear 
to indicate she could hear. 
Keira said, “I see. Has your brother been to the hospital? Is it serious?” 
The girl started writing again. “He’s been treated. It’s not severe, just a broken leg; he’ll need to rest in bed for a month.” 
Keira then asked, “Do you have enough money for the medical expenses?” 
The girl immediately nodded and then gestured with her hand, indicating she was about to leave.
But Keira was somewhat concerned and stopped her. “Where do you live? I’ll come visit Matias when I have 
time.” 
Matias had always defended her sister Keera, 
provoking Jackson and getting beaten because of that. She had a responsibility to treat him well. 
The girl took the paper and pen, left her an address, tore off the note, and handed it to Keira. Then she 
smiled sweetly at Keira and ran off. 
The girl wasn’t the type to take your breath away at first glance, but her smile and her dimples were incredibly sweet. 
Keira watched her leave, shaking her head slightly. 
She slipped the address into her pocket, then turned to James, about to say something, when a sharp cry suddenly came from the side. “Keera!” 
Keira turned around to see a spunky-looking girl striding toward her and angrily declaring. “Come on, let’s have a fight!” 
Keira was confused. 
0 
Caught off guard, she was about to ask who the girl was when she heard James say, “Kate? Your timing is perfect! Let me introd-” 
Before he could finish, Jackson appeared. “Senior Sister Kate, did you see that? I told you the Second
Senior Brother had changed. He’s been bewitched by this Outer Sect Disciple called Keera, and Keera has clung to him, wielding power and bullying us in the Outer Sect! You must stand up for us!” 
With these words, Kate stared at James, and then her eyes reddened. “You told me you only loved me!” 
James said, “No, listen, I want to introduce her to you, 
she’s…” 
“I don’t care!” Kate immediately looked at Keera, “We are all martial artists, so let’s settle this the martial artist’s way! Today, you and I will have a match. Whoever wins gets James!” 
Her eyes were red, and she looked somewhat hurt. 
Keira was speechless. 
“Seriously, people are actually fighting over my silly and naive third brother?” 
She had originally thought that James was reaching above his station by dating the daughter of the Freeman Sect, but it seemed they really were a match! 
Kate was conned with just a few words… 
Was the standard for raising children in the Freeman 
Sect a bit too low… 
She tugged at the corner of her mouth, wanting to explain something, but Kate had already dropped her whip and untied the bandage on her leg. “You’re an Outer Sect Disciple, and your martial arts skills are not as good as mine, so I’ll let you have three moves, and I promise not to use weapons. You can choose any weapon that suits you, so I’m not bullying you! Let’s compete fairly and justly!”
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She waved her hand, “I’m…” 
“Take this!” 
Kate didn’t wait for her to finish; being impulsive and impatient, she had already swung her fist at her. 
Keira was taken aback. 
She took a discreet step back and before she could strike back, James had already rushed up and grabbed 
Kate’s fist. 
Kate was stunned. 
Jackson shouted, “Kate, do you see that? Even in front of you, he’s defending Keera Do you really believe 
< 
< 
there’s nothing between them?”
Kate was even more upset, and tears began to fall. “James, you actually fought with me for her!” 
James panicked and quickly reached out with his other hand to wipe her tears, “No, she’s my…” 
“Get out of my way! I want to settle this with her! If I win, you come back to me!” 
Kate pushed him away and once again swung her fists 
toward Keira. 
Jackson watched the drama unfold, arms crossed. “Kate, you must teach this Keera a lesson. You have no idea; she flirts with men every day at the Freeman Sect, using her pretty face to bewitch James to the point he dares to lift a hand against you! Teach her a 
lesson!” 
Upon hearing this, Kate suddenly turned around and picked up the whip on the ground. 
Keira frowned. 
Jackson immediately laughed. “Right, pick up the whip and beat her! There’s no need to be merciful to this kind of person!” 
111 
But as soon as these words fell, the whip made a crisp sound in the air, and then viciously landed on Jackson! 
Jackson was shocked 
“Ouch!” 
Jackson hopped in pain. 
Kate stared at him. “No matter what the relationship between Keera and James is, it takes two to tango, and I won’t allow you to speak about a woman like that!” 
After that, she turned to look at Keira, her eyes filling with tears again. 
Keira said, “Don’t get excited. I’m his sister.”
###Chapter 416
Kate was stunned, with tears still hovering at the brink of falling, she was suddenly petrified. 
She swallowed and then looked toward James. 
James immediately nodded. “Didn’t I tell you yesterday that Uncle Olsen has a daughter? It’s her, my little 
sister!” 
Kate was dumbfounded. 
She became completely petrified. 
Then, she looked again at Keira and suddenly blurted out, “That’s impossible. I don’t believe you!” 
James grew anxious and was about to explain further when he heard Kate saying, “How can such a robust man like you have a sister who is so devastatingly beautiful? She’s so stunning that she looks like she 
comes from another world!” 
James was speechless. 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
|||
< 
Keira was slightly taken aback, then noticed Kate 
sneaking a peep at her, her lively eyes showing a hint of slyness and appeasement, and Keira immediately understood. 
Kate was trying to make up for her behavior just now. 
Keira couldn’t help but laugh. “I really am his sister.” 
Kate said, “Then there must have been a genetic 
mutation in James.” 
She promptly put away her whip and rushed over to Keira, holding Keira’s arm. “Keera, right? Just now, I felt threatened because you’re so beautiful. You won’t be mad at me, will you?” 
There was nothing to be mad about! 
Moreover, Kate had been very measured in her actions earlier while in a fit of anger, knowing Keira was an Outer Sect Disciple, and she had let a lot of things slide. Even when Jackson was scolding Keira, Kate had 
taken Keira’s side, saying something about it took two 
to tango,
With her current playful and cute demeanor, Keira found it impossible to feel offended! 
She smiled and said, “Sister-in-law, nice to meet you.” 
The term “sister-in-law” brought a blush to Kate’s cheeks. She shyly turned her head, then felt around her waist, and finally pulled out a dagger and handed it to Keira. “Sister, it’s the first time we met; this is a gift for you!” 
Keira accepted the dagger. “Thank you.” 
James couldn’t help but cry out, “Kate, isn’t that the dagger Master gave you? It’s extremely sharp! I’ve been envious of it for years, and you wouldn’t give it to me, but you gave it to my sister!” 
Kate glared at him. “Your robust physique suits a club just fine. Keera looks so delicate, and a dagger for self-defense suits her perfectly. Why are you competing with her?” 
James said in a sulk, “…Alright.” 
The three of them opened up a conversation when suddenly, they heard Jackson exclaim, “Keera, you, you’re the daughter that Uncle Olsen acknowledged and took home yesterday?” 
The family reunion the day before wasn’t grand, having 
only invited relatives from the Olgan family and 
hadn’t been heavily publicized.
However, Lewis’s betrothal gifts and the long speech Tom gave at the reunion had already become the talk of the town in Clance. 
Jackson had come to the Freeman Sect early in the morning intending to give Keera trouble, so he hadn’t heard who the daughter was, only knowing that such a person existed. 
It was only upon hearing their conversation that he became aware of it. 
He hadn’t expected this woman to be Uncle Olsen’s daughter! 
No wonder she dared to barge into their home and h 
Austin! 
Austin was the third son of the Direct Lineage of the Gill family and the favorite youngest son of the Family 
Head’s wife!!! 
Jackson started to panic. 
Upon hearing this, James immediately looked at him, “That’s right, remember this, Keera is the eldest legitimate daughter of our Olsen family. If you dare to 
bully her again, just you wait!” 
After that, he grabbed Kate’s hand. “Kate, let’s go find the Sect Leader. He agreed to take my little sister as a nominal disciple!” 
Kate’s eyes shone with excitement. “That means she’ll be my junior sister then! Keera, let’s go!” 
Kate took Keira’s hand.
Seeing this, James couldn’t help feeling a bit jealous. “Hey, your fiancé is right here!” 
“Go away. You big, rough, stinky man. How can you compare to a pretty girl?!” 
Kate leaned on Keira. 
If it weren’t for the fact that Kate had fought desperately for James just a moment ago, Keira might have suspected that Kate didn’t like James at all. 
Looking at James, however, it seemed he was used to 
1. 
He even scratched his head and explained, “Kate likes pretty girls.” 
He didn’t mean Kate was sexually attracted to women. 
It was merely an appreciation of beauty. 
Keira expressed her understanding, and Kate sighed. “Ever since I was little, I’ve been surrounded by men. Practicing martial arts every day made them so tough and rigid, so I like the sweet fragrance of girls.” 
After that, she added, “Keera, you’re so soft. I really like you.” 
Then she pinched Keira’s arm. 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
James chimed in. “That’s because Keera doesn’t practice martial arts often. If she practiced more, her muscles would become harder. You don’t believe me? When our senior sister comes, try pinching her
arm.” 
Kate immediately pursed her lips. “I still like Keera more; she’s definitely sweeter. I’m sure I’ll like her 
more.” 
James was dumbfounded. 
He got anxious. “Kate, although Keera is my sister, and I agree with you, the senior sister is sacred and untouchable! You don’t need to say such things aloud!” 
Kate huffed and turned to Keira. “Keera. don’t listen to 
him. He’s a huge fan of our senior sister, bringing her up every day. If you didn’t know better, you’d think he 
has a crush on her!” 
James flashed a grin. “If I didn’t have you, it might indeed be possible, but here you are. So now, my admiration for the senior sister can only be pure 
admiration.” 
Kate said, “Oh my, that’s really too bad, isn’t it? Did I ruin your perfect match?” 
James immediately waved his hands. “Not at all, not at 
all. Our senior sister is sacred and must not be 
disrespected. Haven’t I just told you? Don’t joke about this anymore!”
Kate pouted but stopped joking. She simply said, “Alright, alright, I get it. I also greatly admire the senio sister, okay?” 
Keira was amazed by the way the two interacted. 
James might seem like a simpleton who listened to everything Kate said, but every time he said something, Kate respected it. 
For example, she would listen to him regarding 
principles like not joking about the senior sister. 
How interesting. 
As they talked, they arrived at the small courtyard where Chris Freeman, Kate’s father, lived. He was also James’s Master and the Sect Leader’s second brother. 
Chris was second in rank in the Freeman family, second when practicing martial arts, second in establishing his own Sect, and even had a disciple who was the second senior brother of the Freeman Sect. 
His life seemed destined to be associated with the 
number two. 
He was waiting for them in the room. 
Today, to show his welcome for his new disciple, he had put on a set of new practice clothes; a white, sho martial arts jacket tucked neatly into his waistband, making him look very tidy and smart. 
As they entered, his gaze fell on Keira, and then he paused slightly.
###Chapter 417
Keira sized up the current second-greatest expert of 
the Freeman Sect as soon as she entered. 
Chris sat on the meditation cushion, appearing quite youthful; with a daughter at Kate’s age, he should be nearing fifty, but he seemed to be only in his thirties. 
Exercise could indeed make one look younger. 
She followed James and Kate through the door and immediately noticed Chris’s gaze bypassing the other two and falling upon her. 
Then, Chris’s eyes slightly lit up! 
Originally, when James suggested his sister become a nominal disciple, Chris was rather reluctant. He wasn as prestigious as the Sect Leader, who had accepted only one disciple, 
It was clear that the number of disciples Chris had could be counted on one hand. 
Each disciple’s spot was very important, wasn’t it? 
But who could ignore that James was his favorite senior disciple? And he had heard this sister was Uncle 
<
Olsen’s daughter… Uncle Olsen even called him last night! 
+27 
So, to show respect to the Olsen family, he would have to accept this disciple. 
It was initially somewhat forced, and he didn’t understand why a highborn lady would want to learn martial arts; but when he saw Keira’s steps as she entered, he straightened up a little. 
They were all martial practitioners, with light footsteps. 
However, this fact was usually overlooked, as ordinary people had heavier footsteps when they walked. 
At this moment, the footsteps of James and Kate we light, yet he didn’t hear a third set of heavy footsteps 
He couldn’t help but glance at the three people’s feet and saw Keira walking with grace, reminiscent of hist elder brother. 
She was like a high-level master hiding her true capabilities. 
This piqued Chris’s interest; he examined Keira’s face, then smiled, “I’ve heard you’re called Keera Olsen. 
111 
< 
< 
Have you spent all these years as an Outer Sect 
Disciple?” 
Keira nodded. 
Keera Olsen, it should be, then… 
If her sister acknowledges her ancestry, she should take the Olsen surname too, right? 
Chris then asked, “How long do you practice martial arts each day in the Outer Sect?” 
Keira thought for a moment. “One or two hours, I 
guess.” 
Chris frowned slightly, “That short?” 
“Yes, because I also have other matters to attend to,” 
Keira explained. 
Chris felt a twinge of disappointment, wondering if he had misjudged, and then remembered Keera seemed to have been pregnant and given birth in recent years.
One of the challenges for women in martial arts was precisely that. 
When men attained martial prowess, their muscles and bones would no longer undergo changes. 
11.00 
111 
< 
But women experienced changes in their physique after childbirth; their bones would shift, altering their body constitution. 
Many female martial arts experts were formidable at first, but after having children, they couldn’t maintain their skill… 
Of course, there’s another scenario, where the woman had soft bones and no talent before childbirth, and then a genetic transformation occurred after giving birth. 
Chris had already inquired about Keera before she arrived. 
When she was younger, she visited Elder Grant for bone assessment several times but was never chosen! Even in Outer Sect practice, she wasn’t particularly famous; those who were good were well- known. 
But Keera had no such reputation.
Could it be that her impressive physique had transformed after childbirth? 
At that moment, Chris wanted to test her martial arts level himself. 
111 
J 
< 
So, he immediately stood up from the meditation 
cushion. “Keera, come, let’s go outside and spar a bit.” 
As these words were spoken, James and Kate immediately stepped in front of Keira and then turned their gaze toward Chris. 
“Master, didn’t we agree that she would just be a nominal disciple? Let’s not spar, shall we?” 
“Dad! You don’t know your own strength! What if you 
hurt little sister?!” 
After saying that in unison, they exchanged glances and then looked toward Chris again.
“Master, I think Kate is right!” 
“Dad, James is right!” 
Chris didn’t know what to say. 
He twitched the corner of his mouth and couldn’t help but say, “Do you two really trust me so little? I think Keera has a talent for martial arts, and by the look of her, she seems to have some foundation. I just can’t figure it out, which is why I want to test her a bit. Besides, how will I know how to teach her martial arts 
if I don’t test her first?” 
||| 
< 
James said, “For just a nominal disciple, do you need to take it so seriously?” 
“Exactly. James is right, if you train Keera until she’s all stiff and brawny, I won’t like to touch her anymore!” 
…
Chris and James simultaneously turned to look at Kate, who immediately covered her mouth. 
How did she carelessly blurt out what was on her 
mind? 
Chris ignored the two of them and just looked at Keira. “Shall we go?” 
Keira nodded. “Okay.” 
If she was going to become an apprentice, then she would learn earnestly. 
However… 
She suddenly said, “Senior, there’s something I need to tell you. I’ve already had a master.” 
She had a master. 
Even if she were to take another master, the first one would still take precedence. 
21.00 
< 
Upon hearing this, Chris chuckled. “I know, you must have a master. However, that’s not a problem. Martial arts itself is one family. If your master comes and learns you’ve taken me as your master, he
would only be delighted because no one could possibly rank higher than me. Oh, except for the Sect Leader.” 
James also said, “That’s right, who’s your master? After you’ve taken my master as yours, his status in the industry will surely rise along with the tide.” 
Keira said, “Well, I’ll tell him the next time I see him.” 
The key was that she didn’t even know her own 
master’s name! 
While chatting, the group arrived in the courtyard, where Chris stood in the center, tucked the hem of h robe into his waist, and then looked at Keira. 
Keira then assumed an attacking stance. 
This position was taught by her master and just happened to be the most basic stance in the Freeman Sect, something even the outer sect disciples would have learned, so no one noticed anything amiss. 
Chris smiled. “Young lady, when you attack me, use all 
vour atranath I want to see how for you’ve gotten ” 
779 
Keira nodded earnestly. “Okay.” 
James couldn’t help but say, “Master, please be gentle. She’s my only sister! Uncle Olsen only has this one. daughter!” 
Kate also expressed her concern. “Dad, isn’t it embarrassing for you to strike a woman? If you want to practice, I’ll spar with you. Don’t go after Keera!” 
Chris laughed. “What do you know? The Sect Leader will be coming for today’s apprentice ceremony. We still have ten minutes before the time I arranged with him. It’s better to spar a bit than to sit idly waiting for him.” 
After that, he beckoned to Keira. “Alright, come o 
Keira nodded. 
Since James’s master wanted to test her, and this wa the most formidable martial arts family in Crera, she would show her true skills! 
Thus, Keira put her whole strength into it and threw a punch directly at Chris!
###Chapter 418
This punch contained all of Keira’s strength. 
Seeing her swift attack, Chris immediately extended his palm, wanting to catch the punch and gauge its 
power. 
A smile was on his face as he met the punch. 
“Bang!” 
Keira’s fist collided with Chris’s palm. 
The next moment… 
His expression changed. 
This punch was so ferocious that it actually made him feel threatened. 
He instinctively used all his strength, but to his surprise, even then, he was still forced back one step, two steps… five steps! 
That… 
Chris was dumbfounded. 
He looked at his own palm, then raised his head to 
11:1 
18
look at Keira, and his expression immediately became joyful. He took a step forward and said, “You…” 
Before he could finish, someone rushed in from outside. “Second Elder, something’s wrong!” 
Chris frowned and looked over. “What happened?” 
It was an Inner Sect Disciple, ranking fairly low. “People from the Gill family have come, and now they’re causing a fuss at the Disciplinary Hall, they’re saying, saying…” 
Chris asked, “Saying what?” 
“They say the Freeman Sect allowed an Outer Sect 
Disciple to fight and brawl outside, and that they beat up Austin!” 
After that, the person glanced at Keira. 
Chris didn’t understand what was going on and immediately asked. “Austin? That Gill family’s third young master who only knows how to idle around? If it was an Outer Sect Disciple that beat him, then just deal with it according to the sect’s rules. What’s so bad about that?” 
The disciple gave a wry smile and looked at James and 
210 
Keira. “But, the person who beat him up was Keera!” 
“What?”
Chris now understood and looked at Keira. “It was you 
who beat him?” 
Keira nodded. “Yes, I did.” 
It was about Mary’s incident, where he himself was spreading rumors outside. If she didn’t drag him out and deal with it at its root, the rumors outside would 
never cease. 
Austin also had a vicious streak, and no matter how Keira beat him, he wouldn’t yield. 
Therefore, her attack was a bit more severe. 
It wasn’t until Lewis personally intervened, and it was unclear what he did, that Austin finally gave in and was willing to admit his mistake. 
Now, why were they making trouble again? 
Keira’s face darkened. “He slandered my friend Mary… who now, to reckon, is also my sister-in-law, 
practically family. The Freeman Sect’s rules don’t stipulate that you can’t fight back when bullied by outsiders, do they?” 
30 
This statement made Chris chuckle wryly. He nodded. “Right, there isn’t such a rule.”
Keira looked at him. “Being bullied doesn’t just refer to physical abuse, it also includes being the subject of 
dirty rumors and such. The things he did a few days ago are known throughout Clance, and the files on the internet are still there. His phone contains all the evidence. So, was I wrong to beat him?” 
Chris didn’t know what to say. 
Keira’s arguments were clear and correct. 
But the problem was… 
Chris sighed, “If it were an outsider, a beating by a Freeman Sect disciple wouldn’t be an issue, but you might not know that he’s the nominal disciple of my fifth junior brother!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira was stunned, “What?” 
Chris couldn’t help but sigh. “In Clance, the four other families among the five major families send at least one person to learn martial arts at the Freeman Sect each generation. Out of respect for the ties between the five major families, we generally choose an outstanding 
ranrogantative from the other four 
< 
families for a marriage alliance. Your third brother is a
martial arts prodigy, and I took him as an Inner Sect Disciple, which is one type of person, while there’s another type. If a generation lacks a suitable candidate for martial arts training, to save their dignity, they would select someone from the Direct Lineage as a nominal disciple.” 
He sighed, “Austin is the nominal disciple of your fifth master uncle! The Freeman Sect has a rule that, except during martial arts competitions, one must not strike their elders. Being a nominal disciple of your fifth master uncle, he is your senior brother, so by hitting your senior brother, you are in the wrong.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
Was it that casual to take on disciples in the Freeman 
Sect? 
James, who was standing nearby, couldn’t help but say, “Master, even if that’s the case, after today, my sister will be your nominal disciple as well, and her status will be higher than his, right? Then this matter should be resolved, shouldn’t it?” 
Chris shook his head. “The Freeman Sect is very strict 
59 
< 
about taking on disciples. All the disciples we have taken are on record. Even if I verbally agreed, it’s not yet on record, so she’s not considered an Inner Sect Disciple…” 
There was a hierarchy among the Freeman Sect disciples.
The lowest were the Outer Sect Disciples, followed by nominal disciples and Inner Sect Disciples. 
Nominal disciples and Inner Sect Disciples had equivalent status, but everyone understood that the Inner Sect Disciples were the foundation of the 
Freeman Sect. 
No matter what, Keira attacking Austin was already a 
violation of the Freeman Sect rules. 
Unless she had been an Inner Sect Disciple all along, and her apprenticeship started even before Austin’s… 
But that clearly wasn’t possible! 
Immediately, James frowned 
Kate said, “We can’t just hand Keera over! James, just say it was you who did it!” 
James immediately nodded. “Keera, just say how you 
< 
hit him that day. Later, I’ll claim it was all my doing. As the second senior brother, it’s only natural for me to reprimand a junior brother, isn’t it?”
Keira pulled a wry face. “But that day, I hit him fair and 
square.” 
She and Lewis stormed into the club, dragged the man out, and there should’ve been surveillance. 
James said, “Anyway, we look so much alike, we can just say I dressed up as a woman to do it!” 
Everyone was speechless. 
All eyes moved from Keira’s face to James’s face. 
Then, disdainfully, they looked away. 
How could these two faces possibly be mistaken for 
each other? 
Just as Keira was about to say something, a commanding voice came from outside. “Is this how the Freeman Sect plans to brush off our Gill family?” 
The group turned around and saw a middle-aged woman stride in. 
With a bruised and swollen nose, Austin followed her 
inside, dark-faced. Seeing Keira, his eyes immediately turned vicious as if he were ready to pounce in the next second.
Pointing at Keira, he said to the middle-aged woman, “Mom, it was her who beat me! And she almost 
destroyed me. If you can’t have your grandson in the future, it’s all her fault!” 
Lady Gill immediately turned to Keira. “Was it you who attacked my son?!” 
Then she turned to Chris, her manner fierce. “Chris, do you plan on protecting this Outer Sect Disciple? The Freeman Sect has always been known for its strict rules. Now, are you disregarding not only your own reputation but also the Freeman Sect’s?” 
After saying this, she scoffed and then looked outside. “Where is your Sect Leader? Get him here 
immediately; I demand an explanation today!” 
8 
15 
23 
###Chapter 419
As soon as these words were spoken, Austin immediately picked a disciple and ran to find the Sect 
Leader. 
Chris, covered in sweat from Lady Gill’s glare, 
nervously chuckled, “Lady Gill, we can talk things out. There’s no need to be too angry… Right, where’s Mr. Gill?” 
Lady Gill sneered, “He’s too shy and too embarrassed to argue with you folks. He didn’t come today; I told him to stay at home!” 
Then, with a wave of her hand, Lady Gill had someone bring her a chair immediately, and she sat down, “Today, I’ll wait here to see exactly how the Freeman Sect plans to explain themselves to me!” 
Chris was speechless. 
He stepped forward to exchange pleasantries with Lady Gill. 
Keira watched from the side, furrowing her brows. 
Lady Gill must be nearly fifty, yet she still carried 
11.16 
739 
herself with fierce determination, her face filled with anger, and with what she had just said…
Keira turned to James and whispered, “Does Lady Gill hold a high position within the Gill family?” 
Weren’t all the heads of the five major families men? 
James whispered back, “Officially, it’s Lady Gill’s husband who’s the head of the family, but really, they all listen to her. Currently, she’s as powerful as the head of the Gill family, and with three sons under her name, it’s no surprise she’s spoiled her youngest into 
what he is now…” 
Feeling a sense of lament, Keira recognized that Lady Gill was clearly a formidable woman. 
Today’s matter would be somewhat difficult to handle. 
She cast her gaze downward 
James then whispered, “I’ve heard that when Lady Gill was young, she liked Uncle Olsen, so maybe we should call Uncle Olsen right now? How about a ‘beauty trap’ 
strategy?” 
Keira couldn’t believe it. 
“Does your Uncle Olsen know you’re asking for a 
< 
beating?”
Kate nodded. “Yes, yes, that sounds good!” 
Keira thought, “They really are a perfect match.” 
Looking away disdainfully, she asked again, “According to the sect rules, how would this matter be dealt 
with?” 
James replied, “The sect rules dictate that your martial arts cultivation be abolished and you be banished from Freeman Sect.” 
Upon hearing this, Keira frowned. 
Just as she was about to mention that she hadn’t learned her martial arts at Freeman Sect, she suddenly remembered that she was now taking the place of her sister Keera, an Outer Sect Disciple of Freeman Sect, who did practice the sect’s martial arts. 
She didn’t want Chris to be implicated, nor did she want the reputation of the Freeman Sect to be tarnished because of her. 
While pondering, James whispered again, “But don’t worry, we’re all from the five major families. You’re the daughter Uncle Olsen recently acknowledged. Lady 
Gill wouldn’t dare treat you so harshly. The Freeman Sect will have to think twice before they punish you, weighing your importance within the Olsen family!” James’s voice was resolute. “At worst, you’ll
leave Freeman Sect, right? If you want to leave unscathed, our family has many ways to ensure it. I’d like to see who dares touch a hair on your head!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
But she couldn’t retreat! 
She had to be accepted into the Inner Sect in order to establish a personal and cooperative relationship with the Freeman family. 
As she was thinking, she heard Chris say, “Weren’t the events at the Olsen family the talk of the town yesterday? This young lady here is Uncle Olsen’s very own daughter, just recently acknowledged. It’s said she wandered outside for a long time. Uncle Olsen is very fond of her and he especially called me, asking me to accept her as an Inner Sect Disciple. You and Uncle Olsen are old acquaintances, after all, and it’s just a minor squabble between the kids. Why don’t we call it 
even?” 
r 
1 
Lady Gill’s sharp gaze immediately turned upon hearing these words. 
As she laid eyes on Keira’s face, a slight frown creased her brow. After a long pause, she suddenly asked, “Is your mother Jodie South?” 
Keira didn’t deny it.
Lady Gill then sneered. “No wonder you dared to hit my son; you’re the daughter of that cheap woman! Back then, she messed with James, so why didn’t she just be with him? Instead, she vanished into thin air, leaving James unmarried all these years! Unexpectedly, she secretly hid herself away and gave birth to you!” 
From Lady Gill’s words, Keira detected a hint of resentment toward her mother. 
Was it because she liked James, so she was taking it out on her mother? 
As she pondered, Lady Gill suddenly said, “Since you’re his daughter, I’ll show you some consideration. How about this, kneel to my son, and we can call it even!” 
These words made Keira frown. 
James also stepped forward at once. “Lady Gill, don’t 
11.16 
C 
< 
go too far!” 
“Too far?” 
Pointing at Austin, Lady Gill said, “Look at how she beat up my son, not a single patch of good skin on him. I’m only asking her to kneel, not for her to take the same beating, and that’s because I’m taking
into account that she is a woman!” 
Chris also frowned. “Lady Gill, this is a bit too much for a younger person, isn’t it…” 
Lady Gill scoffed. “I’m simply speaking fairly!” 
Keira saw her speak in a clear and organized manner and decided to try reasoning with her. “Lady Gill, do you know why I hit your son?” 
Lady Gill ridiculed. “Isn’t it just some boy-girl thing? So what? Mary did it, but my son can’t say it?! Since she seduced my son and then took away the collaboration from our Gill family, she should pay the price! My son didn’t make it up, and you dared to hit him just because he talked. Do you think the Gill family was 
pushovers?” 
Keira’s brows immediately furrowed, “Mary didn’t 
seduce your son’ it’s all his nonsense! He already 
||| 
619 
admitted it himself!”
“Ha! That was him admitting under duress, after being tortured by you, I heard. You have an assistant as well? Call him over too. I would really like to see who dares to beat up my son like this in Clance!” 
The Gill family’s power was enormous, not any less than the Olsen family. 
Austin was the third son, the apple of Lady Gill’s eye, and had always been spoiled. 
This was why, when Ellis acted against him, the man was so stubborn. 
Austin was certain that Ellis wouldn’t dare to truly harm him until he met… Lewis Horton. 
As Keira listened to these words, her gaze once again 
turned toward Austin. 
She then realized that Lady Gill was actually quite reasonable. It was just that she had been deceived by 
Austin. 
But Lady Gill trusted her son; where could Keira now go to prove that there was nothing between Austin and Mary and that it was all his fabrications?! 
Suddenly, Keira felt as though she was trapped in a
dead-end. 
How could she break this situation? 
Just then, a somewhat hoarse voice strained from too much crying, came through. “Lady Gill, oh Lady Gill, how can you be so lacking in compassion toward the younger generation? 
“If a young woman has beaten up your son, you should reflect on yourself. How could a man allow a woman to beat him to the point he cries? Don’t you think?” 
The voice arrived before the person even entered the yard. 
James’s eyes lit up, “The Sect Leader has come!” 
9 
B 
Terrible
###Chapter 420
Keira immediately looked toward the entrance upon hearing this. 
For some reason, although the voice of the Sect Leader was a bit off and hoarse, just like last time, there was a familiar quality to it. 
Especially that careless tone… It carried a hint of a playful old man’s vibe… 
It reminded her of how her master often spoke. 
As she pondered, she saw a familiar figure standing at the door! 
Dressed in a gray training outfit, the Sect Leader had short, rugged hair and exuded a wild charm as he stood there with his hands behind his back. 
Keira couldn’t make out his face because the Sect 
Leader was actually standing with his back to them, his hands behind him, like a martial arts expert! 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth. 
James immediately leaned in and whispered in her ear, 
“The Sect Leader is showing off again.” 
Keira was perplexed.
Lady Gill also saw him and immediately sneered. “Master Freeman, I’ve been here for ten minutes, and you’ve only arrived now!” 
Although this was clearly a remark tinged with sarcasm, the Sect Leader seemed not to notice and 
simply smiled. “Hey, even though I’m getting on in years, I do practice martial arts after all. It’s normal for me to be quicker on my feet than you all!” 
Lady Gill felt like she was punching cotton, with a deep sense of powerlessness. 
She took a deep breath, then pointed at Keira. “Master Freeman, what do you mean by what you just said? Are you intending to defend this Outer Sect Disciple?” 
“How is that possible?” 
Trevor immediately denied it. “The matters of the 
Freeman Sect must follow the sect rules! How can we 
bend the law for personal gain?!” 
Lady Gill’s expression relaxed a bit. 
But then she heard the Sect Leader say, “I’m 
considering Austin’s reputation here. He’s a nominal 
disciple of our fifth brother and has made quite a name for himself in Clance over the years. Everyone thinks his martial arts are very strong. If we punish this Outer Sect girl, wouldn’t it mean that his getting bullied by – an Outer Sect disciple would spread everywhere? Austin, are you sure you want to lose face like this?” These words made Austin hesitate slightly. 
He cared about face more than anything in his social 
circle! 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have insisted that he had slept with Mary, just to show off, right? 
The fact that he was beaten hadn’t yet spread… 
If everyone found out, indeed, he would lose face. 
As Austin was conflicted, Lady Gill sneered. “Master Freeman, you’re truly silver-tongued! Your Outer Sect Disciple breaks the sect rules and bullies a nominal disciple, yet you want to push the blame onto the victim? Are you going to ask my son why this Keera didn’t hit anyone else but him?” 
Without hesitation, the Sect Leader asked, “Right, that’s what I want to ask. Why didn’t she hit anyone 
else but you? Austin, shouldn’t you reflect on yourself? Is there something about you that’s asking for a beating? Or maybe you have ‘I need a punch’ written on your face?”
Lady Gill, furious, stood up, “Trevor, you…!!” 
“Oh my, don’t get angry, Lady Gill. Anger brings wrinkles so easily! Alas!” 
es 
With his customary insouciance, Trevor said, “Besides, children have their own fortune. Our sect may have this rule, but if my son were beaten, I definitely wouldn’t seek revenge for him. I’d tell him to practice his martial arts and find a chance to hit back…” 
Lady Gill sneered. “That’s you, not me! Your Freeman family is a martial arts family, so everything with you is about proving through force but we, the Gill family, are merchants, so we must proceed by legal and proper means! Master Freeman, if you insist on not using the sect rules to punish this Outer Sect Disciple, then I’ll have no choice but to resort to other 
measures and call the police!” 
“That won’t be necessary, that won’t be necessary…” 
Trevor waved his hand but still didn’t turn around. 
417 
< 
“We’re both decent families. How about this? I can
contact Uncle Olsen and have him come to apologize to you.” 
Lady Gill’s eyes lit upon hearing this, and then she 
scoffed. “Don’t try to tempt me with a handsome man! Let me tell you, I have a husband, and that trick won’t 
work on me!” 
Trevor coughed slightly. “What handsome man? What are you talking about? Aren’t we all friends here? Uncle Olsen’s daughter hit your son, so it’s only right for him to apologize… If you don’t want him to come over for fear of making your husband jealous, just let him come here! We can all talk it over.” 
Lady Gill scoffed. “Stop talking nonsense here, Trevor. From the moment you arrived you’ve turned your back on me. What’s that supposed to mean? Do you think I’m not pleasant to the eyes? Or do you think looking at my face will give you a stye?” 
“How could that be?” Trevor chuckled. “Lady Gill is as beautiful as a goddess. When you were young, you were known as a great beauty of Clance. Didn’t we just meet recently? I just… well, it’s a bit inconvenient, and I’m afraid my appearance might damage the integrity 
||| 
< 
of the Freeman Sect!” 
Lady Gill said angrily, “Stop making excuses! I think you’re just looking down on me because I’m a woman! That’s why you’re being so disrespectful. Trevor, you don’t plan to deal with this matter with your back turned the whole time, do you?” 
“That’s impossible…” Trevor quietly sighed, “Lady Gill, you absolutely insist on me facing you, it’s not that I can’t do it…” 
if 
Keira had been watching Trevor closely, only uncertain of his appearance. Upon hearing this, her eyes lit up slightly. 
Then she saw Trevor pause for a moment, and finally, slowly, very slowly, he turned around… 
14 
R 
6 
Terrible 
11
###Chapter 421
Trevor slowly turned around. 
Those present immediately gasped at the sight of him! 
The reason was simple. 
Trevor’s eyes were so swollen that they were now grotesquely bulging! 
Although he still had his hands clasped behind his back, maintaining an air of immortal grace, his face was swollen to the point that it was nearly unrecognizable. 
Keira was also stunned. 
Even though this face was beyond recognition, why did it vaguely remind her of her master? 
No, it couldn’t be… 
Chris blurted out in shock.” Trevor? No, Sect Leader?” 
Lady Gill was also taken aback, her tone unconsciously softer. “What happened to you…?” 
Master Freeman touched his own face. 
||| 
It wasn’t just his eyes that were swollen but even his cheeks. Due to the constant tears, he had developed a rash, making his face unbearable to look at. 
Trevor coughed. “Lady Gill, I really am unwell, which is why I haven’t been a great host, please forgive me.” 
Lady Gill choked, unable to argue about his attitude earlier, and simply asked, “What’s wrong with your 
eyes?” 
“Nothing serious, they’re just inflamed from an illness.” 
Trevor sighed silently. 
Chris immediately said, “Master, you need to take care of your health. How can you let it go this far without seeing a doctor? Let me take you to the hospital later!’ 
“That won’t be necessary.” Trevor knew all too well. His eyes were merely swollen from crying, and warm compresses should clear it up in a few days. 
Of course, that presupposed… no more tears, but how could that possibly be? 
For example, right now… 
Chris frowned with concern. “How can you treat your health so carelessly? I vour second iunior can’t 
11.17 
278 
control you, but surely our Freeman Sect’s eldest sister can, right? She’ll be back in a few days, and when she sees you like this, she’ll definitely be worried… Trevor, why are you crying?” 
Trevor sobbed. “I’m okay… It’s just the wind making my eyes water… Now they’re so swollen, and I can hardly see people clearly… Lady Gill, please be patient with me, be patient…” 
Lady Gill was speechless. 
She suddenly felt as if she were the villain who bullied the old man. Trevor was already in such a condition; 
how could she still hold him accountable? 
She twitched the corners of her mouth, then turned to 
Austin, speaking somewhat critically, “What do you 
think?” 
Austin pursed his lips. “Mom, even if we handle this matter low-key, Keera still owes me an apology, right? At least let me feel her genuine remorse!” 
Lady Gill then looked at Trevor. “Master Freeman, that’s not too much to ask for, right?” 
Master Freeman immediately said, “Not at all, not at all…” 
.. 
Then he squinted at the people around him. 
He could barely see anything clearly, just a blur with a few figures, one of which was Chris; he could 
recognize his second junior by shape alone. 
Another must be James; that left only… 
Trevor turned to Kate. “It’s you, the Outer Sect Disciple, right? Come here, apologize to Lady Gill and Mr. Gill!” 
The crowd was speechless. 
Kate couldn’t help but laugh, “Uncle, I’m Kate!” 
“Ah! Kate!” Master Freeman only then shifted his gaze to the figure next to Kate, pausing for a slight moment 
That figure, why did it resemble his little disciple 
much? 
He wanted to cry again… 
SO 
It must be because he missed his disciple too much. Now everything reminded him of her! 
Trevor’s tears fell uncontrollably again, and then he spoke in a tearful voice, “That Outer Sect Disciple, 
11
||| 
come and apologize.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She stepped forward, approaching Lady Gill and Austin, and said indifferently, “I’m sorry.” 
Austin scoffed. “What did you say? I can’t hear you! 
Louder!” 
Keira blinked. “Austin, are you going deaf at such a young age? That’s quite pitiful. Do you need me to recommend you a doctor?” 
Austin was dumbfounded. 
He flew into a rage, “Is that how you apologize?” 
Keira’s eyes grew colder, about to retort, when Trevo spoke again. “Enough, that’s enough. Austin, as a nominal disciple, you can’t even defeat an Outer Sect Disciple, and that’s quite impressive indeed. As the Sect Leader, it’s my duty to educate you. After you go home, practice all the Freeman Sect martial arts every 
day!”
Austin was dumbfounded. “Freeman Sect martial arts? Every day? All of them?” 
The Freeman family had several sets of boxing 
techniques alone, not to mention sword techniques and other martial arts moves. Practicing all of them in one day would leave no time for rest! 
Trevor nodded. “That’s right, to prevent any talk that our Freeman Sect’s nominal disciple is a 
good-for-nothing” 
Austin didn’t know what to say. 
Lady Gill scoffed coldly. “Master Freeman, today I have truly seen how the Freeman Sect administers fair justice. You really do know how to shelter your own!” 
“No worries! Everything’s fine!” Trevor sighed. “Lady Gill, I can’t help it. You mentioned your son is a nominal disciple, but Keera is Uncle Olsen’s daughter. I trust Lady Gill doesn’t really want to escalate things, right?” 
Lady Gill harrumphed and stood up abruptly, then glowered at Keira. “Don’t think this is over. You better watch out and not fall into my hands!”
With those words, she took Austin and headed straight 
for the door! 
Soon, they disappeared from the doorway. 
Trevor breathed a sigh of relief and then looked in the direction where Chris stood, “Chris, my eyes really are uncomfortable today. Regarding taking on a disciple, shall we postpone until tomorrow? Let’s show Lady Gill some respect; it wouldn’t be right if she just left and we reward someone without any punishment by naming them a nominal disciple, right? Let’s wait a day.” 
Chris nodded. “Okay, Trevor, you’ve been through a 
lot.” 
“It’s nothing.” 
Trevor waved his hand and, with the support of others, slowly left the scene. 
Keira watched him go, feeling increasingly familiar 
with him… She suddenly turned to James. “Do you have a photo of the Sect Leader?” 
“Yeah!” 
“Let me see it.”
“Oh, sure.” 
Chris took out his phone, opened a photo he took with the Sect Leader, and handed it to Keira. 
###Chapter 422
Keira’s pupils shrank slightly at the sight of the familiar 
figure in the photo. 
“This, this… isn’t this my Master?” 
She immediately froze, then looked toward James, suddenly recalling his words. 
“The eldest senior sister started her apprenticeship at fifteen, practicing martial arts every day for two hours 
with the Sect Leader… 
“The eldest senior sister grew up in a rough 
environment, used to getting beaten, and developed a strong physique… 
“The Sect Leader went on a study journey for three years and returned a few years ago, saying that when the eldest senior sister turned twenty-three, she 
would return to Freeman Sect… 
“Master also said that when she turned twenty-three and graduated from university, he would go to fetch 
her.” 
So… 
< 
“Have I been kept in the dark all this time? 
“The Freeman Sect’s eldest senior sister, is that me?!” 
Keira slowly turned to look at James again… 
Thinking about how every time she competed in the Freeman Sect, she was always terrified of losing, but it seemed like she always won quite easily… 
Keira couldn’t help but slap her forehead. 
The first day she met the Sect Leader, she had a vague sense of familiarity. How could she not have thought of this possibility! 
The cooperation with Freeman Sect was handed to her on a silver platter! 
James watched her behavior, puzzled, and said, “Sister, do you think the Sect Leader just now looked ugly? Actually, he’s quite handsome…” 
Kate then said, “I don’t know what’s wrong with the Sect Leader. Why does he keep crying!” 
Chris added. “Keera, you should prepare yourself. Come tomorrow to officially become a disciple. I’ll accept you as an Inner Sect Disciple!” 
*1 17
Upon hearing this, James was stunned. “What? Master, wasn’t it supposed to be as a nominal disciple?” 
Trevor looked at Keira with a face full of joy. “Of course 
not, with her talent, she must be an Inner Sect Disciple!” 
James was dumbfounded. 
He and Kate, escorting Keira, left the building. 
On the way, the two whispered to each other. 
James said, “I suddenly remember, when Master sparred with Sister, didn’t she push him back several steps with a single punch?” 
Kate nodded. “My dad finally did something 
human-like, knowing to go easy on Keera! But isn’t accepting her as an Inner Sect Disciple a bit too much?” 
James rubbed his chin. “Master must have decided to give Keera some reward because of me. Let’s make do with Inner Sect Disciple then. The main concern is that if others found out, they might become jealous and constantly challenge Keera to a fight!” 
Indeed, within Freeman Sect, there was a rule 
11.17
forbidding striking one’s elders, the hierarchy was strict. 
But there was still a way around it, which was to issue a challenge! 
If the other party agreed, then they could arrange a match in the Martial Arts Hall. 
Those with minor grievances typically resolved their issues this way. 
If Keera became an Inner Sect Disciple, it would undoubtedly cause unrest among the Outer Sect Disciples and even some hardworking Inner Sect Disciples, who might then all issue her challenges. 
Should she accept, or should she not? 
Kate also began to worry. “Dad was always measured in his actions. Originally, he agreed on her being a nominal disciple. How did it turn into Inner Sect Disciple?! But there’s an old saying, ‘Where there’s a will, there’s a way!’ Maybe Dad was just testing her just now and got excited by the hunt. Keera is indeed very capable!” 
James coughed, pulling a face. “Impossible. Do you think everyone is the eldest senior sister? Becoming 
an Inner Sect Disciple at this age is just for fitness and martial arts. She won’t become a peerless master.” 
The two chatted and left, but as they walked, they suddenly felt something was amiss. 
Kate suddenly asked, “Did we forget something?” 
James held her hand. “I also feel something’s not 
right…” 
The two exchanged a glance, then suddenly turned around, only to find that the sister who was supposed to be behind them had disappeared! 
James was dumbfounded. 
So was Kate. 
Keira did it on purpose. 
She avoided the two of them and then headed toward the courtyard where the Sect Leader lived. 
Now that she knew it was her Master, of course, she had to go and meet him. 
Freeman Sect was vast, so she searched for a long time, finally finding the place James had taken her to 
last time, then she quietly pushed the door open and sneaked into the courtyard. 
She slowly made her way toward the room where the Sect Leader was. 
In the room, Trevor’s tears just wouldn’t stop.” 
The talk about his junior disciple stirred up his sorrows again. 
Trevor, crying and complaining, took a tissue and fiercely wiped his nose; his swollen features, which were hard to look at, immediately swelled even more. 
Holding a boiled egg, he applied it to his eyes to give them some relief-the swelling was so severe he could barely see! 
Just then, the door opened. 
Trevor said lazily, “Who is it? Didn’t I say not to disturb 
me? Leave!” 
How could he show himself in this state! 
Especially since he used to brag about the eldest senior sister in Freeman Sect, causing all the Inner Sect Disciples to know that praising the eldest senior sister would make the Sect Leader happy! 
So, almost everyone he met every day had to mention the junior disciple, needlessly increasing his sorrow!
While the Sect Leader was mulling over this, the person who entered the room didn’t speak. 
He knitted his brows. 
Only then did he realize the footsteps of the person entering the room were very light. 
Was that a capable martial practitioner? 
Trevor immediately took the egg off his eyes and then stared with the eyes that could barely make out shapes, looking toward the person standing at the 
door. 
And little by little, he recognized the face of Keira. 
Keira looked at him and said, “Master, long time no 
see.” 
Trevor was dumbfounded 
13 
23
###Chapter 423
Trevor was dumbfounded. 
Then he put the egg back over his eyes and mumbled to himself, “I must be seeing things, right? How come it looks like I see Keira again?” 
When Keira heard him speak like that, she just smiled. 
Trevor paused, put down the egg, and looked at Keira again! 
But the girl in front of him suddenly leaned in close, and her once-blurry face appeared right before his eyes, startling Trevor. 
He jumped up and then turned to look outside. “Keira, it’s broad daylight, how come you’re here?” 
Keira was perplexed. 
Was he mistaking her for a ghost? 
She twitched the corner of her mouth and walked up to Trevor, grabbing his arm. 
Trevor panicke., “Keira, although I’ve always missed you, I didn’t want to join you in the underworld. You 
19 
can’t come to take me away!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say.
She rolled her eyes, “I’m not dead.” 
“Not dead?” 
Trevor was slightly stunned, leaned in close to her, and managed to squint down at the ground with his swollen eyes. He noticed she had a shadow under the sunlight, which immediately relieved him. 
Then he couldn’t help getting angry. “You unfilial disciple, where have you been all this time? If you weren’t dead, couldn’t you have sent a message to your master? Do you know I almost went blind from crying~ 
over you!” 
Keira said, “…and after almost going blind, you were still scared when you saw me?” 
Trevor didn’t know what to say. 
He pulled at the corner of his mouth. “Isn’t it normal to be scared of ghosts?” 
Keira rolled her eyes again and then sat down on the cushion next to him, “Why didn’t you tell me sooner that you were the Sect Leader of Freeman Sect?” 
She had been playing challenge games over there! 
Trevor coughed. “Back then, I was teaching you every day in the park, chasing you and begging to teach you, and all those old ladies and men in the park laughed at me for throwing myself at you.
Doesn’t the Sect Leader of Freeman Sect have any pride?” 
Keira was speechless. 
She then glanced at the swelling on Trevor’s face, took out an ointment from her pocket, and threw it to him. 
Trevor asked, “What’s this?” 
“For the swelling. Stop crying.” 
Trevor happily accepted it. “Good girl, you’re so good to me. Wait, how did you get in?” 
Then he looked at her clothes. “That training outfit, isn’t it an Outer Sect Disciple’s? Why are you wearing 
that?” 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth. “I’m now 
Keera, an Outer Sect Disciple of Freeman Sect.” 
Trevor was momentarily stupefied, his expression suddenly disappeared, and he looked at her. “Keira, 
have you encountered some trouble? I remember vou 
– 
< 
can swim, how could you have drowned? No, you didn’t die, so the one who died was…” 
Keira lowered her gaze. “My twin sister, Keera.” 
Trevor immediately breathed a sigh of relief. “I’m relieved you’re alright.” 
After saying that and noticing Keira’s unusual complexion, he realized his words sounded too aloof and callous. He coughed and then said, “I didn’t mean it like that… So you’re now Keera?” 
“Right, so I still need your help, Master.” 
Trevor immediately asked, “What kind of help?” 
“I want to make Keera the senior sister of Freeman Sect, is that possible?” 
Trevor was stunned. 
His jaw tightened as he looked at Keira. 
A look flashed in his eyes, and after a while, he sighed. “I’m afraid that won’t work, the names have been registered early on, and we can’t change them.” 
Keira looked at him. “Then why were you silent just 
now?” 
“Well…” 
Trevor laughed. “However, if you want to become an Inner Sect Disciple of the Freeman Sect, there’s no problem with that. I can arrange it for you.”
“Okay.” 
Keira stood up. “Since you mentioned to hold the ceremony tomorrow, let it be tomorrow then. I’ve already spoken to my second senior brother…” 
“He’s your second senior uncle!” Trevor corrected her. 
Keira chuckled. “Alright, I’ve already agreed with my second senior uncle to be his nominal disciple under the identity of Keera. That’s also fine.” 
“No problem, I’ll arrange everything for you 
tomorrow!” 
Trevor responded quickly, then stared at her and sighed silently. “Keira, I don’t know what you’ve been through, but remember, the Freeman Sect is your strong and steadfast support!” 
Keira was slightly startled upon hearing this. 
Trevor was the master she met when she was fifteen, 
nestering her to teach her martial arts every day and 
even paying her. To Keira, he seemed like an oddball.
However, having grown accustomed to the oddball’s company, she found herself somewhat reluctant to part with him when he left. 
Now that she thought about it, Taylor wasn’t very nice to her at that time, which made her crave for a father’s love even more; perhaps some of that longing was transferred onto Trevor. 
She suppressed the slight sorrow in her chest. “Okay, Master.” 
After leaving Trevor’s residence, Keira went out and saw James and Kate looking for her. When they saw her, they asked, “Where did you just go?” 
Keira replied, “Nowhere. Are you done for today?” 
“Yes, we’re done. Where are you heading?” 
Keira waved at James. “I’m going to check on Matias.” 
Nara gave her the address, saying that Matias wasn’t seriously injured, but she still couldn’t help worrying and decided to see for herself. 
After leaving the Freeman Sect, she saw Lewis waiting 
for her in his car. 
11 17 
< 
Keira immediately got into the car. 
Following the address given by the mute girl Nara, they quickly arrived at Matias’s place. 
It was a small bungalow in downtown Clance’s district, looking very dilapidated all around. It was impossible to drive through that part of town, so Keira got out of the car and walked in with Lewis. 
On the way, Keira asked, “Did you know all along that I’m pretty good at martial arts?” 
“Yes.” 
Lewis laughed indulgently. “Don’t you know how good you are?” 
“Nonsense.” Keira couldn’t help but retort. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier? Every time I spar, I’m scared to death, fearing I’ll bleed!” 
The smile on Lewis’s face grew wider. “I just thought you were pretty cute like that.” 
Keira rolled her eyes. 
She looked around while walking and couldn’t help but sigh. “It’s not easy to live in Clance. How happy can the people living in the center of downtown Clance really 
770 
423 
be? It feels even worse than living in a big house in the 
suburbs!”
Lewis nodded. 
Suddenly, Keira turned to him. “By the way, have you been in contact with Ellis recently?” 
Lewis was confused. 
He coughed slightly. “What’s up?” 
Avoiding a direct answer meant there had been 
contact. 
Keira said, “I’ll send you a divorce agreement later; have him sign it.” 
Lewis was stunned. “Huh?” 
Keira counted on her fingers. “In two more days, Maryn will be able to have the amniocentesis. Before that, have him sign the divorce agreement!” 
Lewis was speechless. 
1 
###Chapter 424
Lewis found this task a bit tricky. 
He coughed and couldn’t help saying, “It seems like he doesn’t really want to divorce…” 
“He has no say in it.” Keira’s eyes flashed with a touch of fierceness. “Last time, he even forced Mary to take abortion medicine. Mary has given up on him completely; she even asked me to do this a few days 
ago.” 
Lewis coughed. “But if they get a divorce, doesn’t that mean your first task has failed?” 
Keira raised her eyebrows and suddenly looked at him. “Why do you think my first task was to get Mary married to Ellis?” 
Lewis paused slightly. 
Both Keira and Lewis felt that the South family had their hands in far-reaching places, so when she was outside, Keira always assumed the identity of Keera. 
At this moment, Lewis suddenly said, “Do they want you to form a cooperation with both the Olsen family 
< 
and the Davis family?” 
Keira nodded. “If I guessed right, that should be the case. The fact that Mary and I became classmates and best friends might also have been arranged by the South family.” 
At the time, Keera was young and was sent to the same kindergarten as Mary. 
Mary, being the daughter of the Davis family’s direct lineage, attended an absolutely high-end kindergarten. How could Keera’s family afford to spend half of their annual income to send her to such a kindergarten? 
They must have made up their minds early to have her befriend Mary. 
Who the children befriend was something parents 
could guide… 
T 
If Mary became her friend, the cooperation with the Davis family would effortlessly be secured. 
As for the Olsen family, only through the marital alliance between Mary and the Olsen family could they maintain a close relationship with the Olsens! 
Without knowing what the second task was, she might have been unable to grasp the reason behind the first task, but once she saw the second task, she guessed
what it was. 
Keira said, “Recently, Mary has been emphasizing one thing to me, that she plans to divorce after giving birth to her child. I didn’t understand why at the time, but now I do. She must have overheard a conversation between us unintentionally, knowing that my first task was to get her married to Ellis. That’s why she endured such humiliation and married Ellis.” 
Keira lowered her eyes. “Otherwise, she wouldn’t have needed to put herself through that, given she had cash and savings.” 
At this, she sighed silently. 
The friendship between Keera and Mary could be described as a two-way dedication. 
The most important person in Keera’s life was Mary. 
But wasn’t it also for Keera that Mary sacrificed her 
own happiness? 
Lewis frowned. “Does Mary really want a divorce?” 
< 
“Yes.” 
Keira continued, “She has wanted to divorce for a long time, but for my sake, she changed the date in the divorce agreement to after the child is born, which gives me time to save my mother.”
Lewis also understood Mary’s plans. “Fine, I’ll help her 
with Ellis.” 
Keira nodded. 
Lewis suddenly said, “Have you been thinking about how to cooperate with Lady Gill?” 
Keira immediately looked at him. “Do you have any thoughts?” 
“No.” 
Keira felt a tinge of disappointment. 
Lewis then said, “But I do know a secret about the Gill 
family.” 
Keira’s eyes instantly lit up. “Tell me!” 
Lewis slowly said, “I’ve heard that the reason Lady Gill has become what she is today is because, fifteen years ago, she lost a daughter.” 
11.17 
< 
Keira was stunned.
She had never heard of this before. 
Lewis continued. “Very few people know about this, but the Gill family has never given up looking for this daughter.” 
Keira understood something. “You mean, if we help her find the girl, maybe we can resolve the issue of me assaulting Austin?” 
Today, the Sect Leader supported her, which had its pros and cons. 
The advantage was that she could finally become an apprentice in the open! 
The downside, however, was that it made Lady Gill dislike her even more. Without resolving the incident of her hitting Austin, the cooperation with the Gill family might not be achievable. 
Lewis said, “I’m just saying there’s a possibility, but this girl is a bit hard to find. The Gill family has been looking for fifteen years, and I’ve also asked Tom to search for her. But after all, it’s a fifteen-year-old case and many clues have vanished, so we still haven’t heard 
anuthing” 
TH 
< 
Keira then asked, “Does her daughter have any marks 
or traits?”
Lewis replied, “Apparently she carries a crescent-shaped jade pendant on her, but I don’t know the details. After all, they’re keeping a low profile while searching, fearing that someone might discover their daughter and harbor bad intentions.” 
Keira paused for a moment and nodded. “Let’s think of other ways. Searching for someone in the whole of Crera is like looking for a needle in the ocean-it’s too difficult.” 
The two of them made their way through several alleys, and finally found Matias’s residence following the address provided by Nara. 
Keira had just approached when she heard cries of pain coming from Matias’s yard! 
“Matias, your mute sister is quite pretty. If you can’t come up with the money, why not send her to us to settle the debt?” 
That was Jackson’s voice. 
This was followed by Matias’s angry roar. “Jackson, let 
har gal I at her mal” 
650 
Jackson sneered. “I won’t, what can you do to me? 
Matias, since you helped Keera bully me and my older brother, then I’m going to let you know the 
consequences of offending us! You guys, teach this little mute a lesson!”
In the yard. 
The little mute Nara was shivering in the corner of the yard. She couldn’t make a sound, only the terror in her eyes as two burly men approached her. 
With one leg bandaged, Matias was dragging himself toward Nara, but before he could get there, he was grabbed by someone. 
Jackson walked over to him, “Come on, Matias, let’s see how much fun your mute sister is!” 
A few men rushed toward the little mute and seized her arms, then dragged her to Jackson. 
Jackson pointed to his cheek. “Come on, give me a 
kiss.” 
Nara’s eyes widened in horror, and she looked at him with loathing before spitting at him. 
Jackson just laughed, and in the next moment, he 
11:1 
viciously kicked Matias’s injured leg! 
Matias couldn’t help but let out a horrific scream as a 
reflex from the pain! 
Sweat then started to bead on his forehead.
Nara immediately shook her head, tears rolling down her face, her mouth open but unable to make a 
sound… 
Jackson stared at her, asking, “Will you or will you 
not?” 
Nara looked toward Matias. 
Despite his intense pain, Matias still yelled at her. 
“Don’t kiss him! You mustn’t… Ah!” 
Jackson intensified his grip, causing Matias to cry out 
in pain once more. 
Nara struggled to rush over, and at that moment, a crescent-shaped jade pendant hanging around her neck was exposed… 
###Chapter 425
Nara struggled, her jade pendant swinging in sync 
with her body. 
1 
She looked at Matias with tears in her eyes, angrily staring at Jackson, shaking her head vigorously, trying to say the words “don’t.” 
But when she opened her mouth, she couldn’t speak a 
word… 
Seeing this, Jackson stepped forward. 
Then he noticed the crescent on her neck and was momentarily taken aback. 
He scoffed, then forcefully pulled the jade pendant off her neck, toying with it in his hand. “This thing looks pretty valuable! It’s definitely stolen from the main house, right? It’s mine now!” 
Having said that, he pocketed the jade pendant. 
Matias immediately yelled, “Give it back to Nara! Give it back to her!” 
Nara also wanted to step forward and grab it.” 
11-18 
( 425 
Chapter 424 
But alas, she was held back by the bodyguards. 
Jackson chuckled mockingly. “Give it back to her? Matias, you’re just an irrelevant branch of the Gill family, and you don’t even show a bit of respect for our direct lineage, fighting me every day alongside that Keera. Today, I’ll make you understand the consequences of disrespecting the direct lineage!” 
Leaving those words behind, he kicked Matias in the stomach, then walked straight toward Nara. 
He extended his hand, placing it on Nara’s shoulder, and revealed a sleazy smile. 
Matias was furious and desperate, lacking the strength to rush over to protect her, he could only curse loudly. “Jackson, you bastard! She’s a member of the Gill family, practically your sister!” 
Jackson sneered. “Don’t think I don’t know, this girl was just picked up by your family. She looks so exquisite, so why don’t you come and play with me? I’ll consider it as you compensating me with Keera!” 
Hearing this, Matias was both anxious and angry. 
He hated his own helplessness, tears rolling down the 
corners of his avon 
Nara was trembling all over. 
Jackson roughly tore her clothes, exposing her fair shoulders, then his hand began to wander over her body. 
“You bastard! You son of a bitch, let her go!” 
Matias shouted furiously, crawling toward them. 
Frantically panicked, Nara tried to resist and push him away, but how could her strength match Jackson’s? 
“Rip!” 
Her clothes were torn further! 
Painful tears filled Nara’s eyes, and she took the opportunity to bite down on Jackson’s arm! 
Jackson cried out in pain and pushed her away. 
The others immediately took control of her arms, their gaze falling on the skin under her ripped clothes. 
The weather was still a bit cold. 
Nara shivered uncontrollably, not knowing whether from fear or from the cold. 
She stubbornly looked at Jackson, tears brimming in 
– 
Jackson glanced at his arm, saw that blood had been drawn by the bite, and flew into a rage, he stretched out his hand and slapped Nara’s face hard! 
“Smack!” 
Nara’s head turned slightly, and a sharp ringing 
suddenly echoed in her ears. 
“Jackson, let her go! Let her go!” 
The sound of Matias’s painful cries was still resounding beside her, as he lay on the ground, dragging his injured, bleeding leg… 
Jackson, however, looked at Nara coldly with a sneer. “The girl is quite stubborn, huh? But perfect, she’s just my type! Look at this little face, pure as a lotus…” 
He held Nara’s chin firmly, then leaned in and kissed her face fiercely! 
But just as he was about to touch Nara, Keira’s angry shout came from the doorway. “Stop it!” 
Matias hesitated slightly. 
When he turned back, he saw Keira had already charged up, delivering a kick straight to his back, 
sending him flving and crashing heavily onto the 
11 10 
<
ground nearby! 
Seeing this, the rest of the thugs immediately charged forward. 
Lewis had already arrived behind Keira, straightening his suit collar, his dark eyes staring down at those men, then one by one, he took them all down! 
Keira didn’t turn around, but instead looked at Nara. 
Seeing her clothes torn, her gaze turned fierce as she stared at the two men holding Nara, who jumped at her look and immediately released their grip. 
Nara went limp, nearly collapsing to the ground! 
She looked at Matias through her tears… 
Keira immediately took off her jacket and draped it over Nara, who clutched her hand, tears falling even 
faster. 
Keira immediately asked, “Did he assault you?” 
Nara nodded tearfully, then shook her head. 
Matias immediately said, “Keera, let them go.” 
But Keira didn’t listen. Instead, her eyes reddened as she turned to look at Jackson. 
11-18 
Entering just moments ago, she had heard his words, and she now understood that Jackso ‘s beatings and bullying of Nara were all because of her. 
This man truly knew how to bully the weak and fear the strong – seeing her take a strong stance, he targeted her friend! 
Keira was furious and took steps towards Jackson. 
She soon stood in front of him, then turned back and pointed at Nara. “Apologize to her!” 
Enduring the pain, Jackson climbed up from the ground, staring at Keira with venom. “Why should I?!” 
Keira reached out and grabbed his collar. “I told you to apologize!!” 
Jackson, caught by her, sneered. “Keera, you sure can fight now, can’t you? But it’s useless! After all, I’m now your senior. Didn’t Lady Gill come to you today? How dare you do anything to me now?” 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
Nara had already rushed to Matias’s side, clutching the jacket Keira had put on her and sobbing with her head lowered. 
11. 
Matias gently patted her back.
Then, making an effort, he slowly stood up and said, “Keera, step aside.” 
Keira didn’t move. 
Matias slowly walked over. “I can’t let you break the Freeman Sect’s rules because of us. You can’t hit him, 
but I can…” 
With these words, he threw a fierce punch at Matias’s 
cheek! 
Matias’s cheek was struck to the side, but he just spat a mouthful of blood at him. “Matias, you don’t want to remain a disciple of the Freeman Sect?!” 
“I quit!” 
Matias’s eyes were bloodshot, staring at him with almost complete bloodlust. “Martial arts are meant to protect loved ones. Now, bound by the sect rules, I can’t beat you even after the humiliations you’ve brought upon us. I’d rather not be an Outer Sect Disciple of the Freeman Sect!” 
Having said this, he threw another punch, aiming to hit straight at Jackson’s face! 
779 
< 
But unexpectedly, a sudden excruciating pain in his leg made him unable to stand steady, his body swayed, and he slumped to the side.
Seeing this, Jackson couldn’t help but laugh. “What a waste! Matias, you’re so useless even when it comes to hitting me. You and your sister deserve to be bullied by 
me!” 
After saying that, he turned his gaze to Keera. “Keera, what can you do to me?! Let me tell you, Matias is done for. I can walk out of here today with my head held high! You have assault charges against a fellow sect member on your back. If you dare touch me, do you believe that by tomorrow, you could be expelled from the Freeman Sect?!” 
No sooner had Jackson finished his taunt than he saw Keira’s gaze turn ferocious… 
21 
R 
6 
###Chapter 426
The next moment, Keira’s foot slammed viciously into 
his groin!! 
“Bang!” 
Everyone seemed to hear a faint sound of something shattering, and then Jackson turned pale in an instant. He looked down incredulously and saw a trail of blood 
at his crotch…@ 
Jackson was stupefied. 
A surge of excruciating pain hit him, and he only felt darkness before his eyes, as he passed out from the 
pain! 
“Mr. Gill!” 
The thugs beside him couldn’t help but exclaim in shock as they rushed to Jackson’s side, and then turned to Keira with a vicious glare, cursing, “You just wait, Gill family will not let this go!!” 
Leaving those words behind, they quickly lifted Jackson up and hurriedly left the place! 
The courtyard still retained the chaos of the recent 
scuffle, and only after they had gone did it finally quiet 
down. 
Keira’s brow furrowed slightly when she heard Matias’s panicked voice. “Keera, you, how could you…” 
Keira looked at him indifferently. “What about it?” 
Matias heaved a sigh. “Forget it, if the Freeman Sect starts investigating, just say it was me who kicked him! Don’t admit it no matter what, otherwise, you’ll really lose the chance to join the Inner Sect!” 
Keira sighed. “It’s fine.” 
“What do you mean ‘it’s fine?!” Matias was completely frantic. “Your lifelong dream has been to join the Inner Sect. How much hardship have you endured over these years for this? Jackson saw your ambitions, that’s why he has been bullying you! How could you be so impulsive for us…?” 
Impulsive? 
Keira wasn’t impulsive. 
Upon entering and seeing Nara’s state, she was indeed angry, but more than that, she was infuriated by the past humiliations her sister suffered at the hands of 
11.18 
< 
Jackson! 
Seeing Nara, it was as if she was looking at her sister 
back in the past! 
Hadn’t her sister, before this day, suffered the same fate time and time again? 
Otherwise, how could Jackson have made those 
remarks? 
So in her fury, she struck him. 
Now, she had no regrets. With the Sect Leader there, she couldn’t possibly get into trouble! 
But Matias couldn’t understand her reasoning and continued to plead earnestly. “Remember what I said, go to the Freeman Sect now and accuse me of assaulting Jackson. When the time comes, I’ll insist that it was me and take all the blame upon myself!” 
Keira, however, didn’t move. 
Instead, Lewis stepped forward. 
Upon seeing him, Matias immediately recognized him as Keera’s newly taken gigolo and said, “Talk to her!” 
Lewis came over to Keira and said. “As a woman, how 
could you 
kick a man there? 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Matias also took a deep breath. “I’m not saying you can’t hit him, anything else is open to discussion, but that part is clearly… if it’s damaged, our feud with the Gill family will truly escalate!” 
Lewis nodded. “Next time you want to do something like that, let me do it.” 
Matias was dumbfounded. 
He looked incredulously at Lewis, his mouth twitching, about to say something, but Keira asked, “Why?” 
Lewis just curled his lips. “It’s quite filthy.” 
Then he looked down and took out a tissue from his pocket and wiped the bloodstain on the leather boots she was wearing today. 
After wiping it off, he took a deep breath as if still 
disgusted and then looked back at Matias. “Do you have any water?” 
Matias was confused. 
His mouth twitched, but Nara had already snapped out 
< 
of her shock. She immediately nodded. 
She then took a basin and entered the room, returning 
shortly with some water. 
She handed the water to Lewis. 
Lewis took out his handkerchief, dipped it in the water, and once again carefully wiped Keira’s boots clean. 
Keira felt like her black leather boots were about to be 
polished white! 
Only then did he let go, still frowning in dissatisfaction. 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She pursed her lips, unable to help but pat him lightly. “That’s enough!” 
Lewis finally stopped his motions. 
Keira immediately looked at Matias. “You were 
deliberately hurt by Jackson, why didn’t you report it to the Freeman Sect?”
Matias sighed. “It’s no use, Jackson is from the direct lineage of the Gill family. Not to mention how the 
r 
Freeman Sect would handle it, even the Gill family itself would send people to suppress this issue.” 
He hung his head in disappointment. “He’s from the second branch and colludes with Austin from the first 
branch. Lady Gill loves her third son the most, and as a result, she has always been biased toward Jackson, so his status is very high within the family.” 
He started worriedly, “Keera, you… 
“Don’t mention what you just said,” Keira said. “Never mind the fact that so many people saw earlier, but considering your injury, how could you have kicked him? With your uninjured leg or your injured one?” 
Matias was speechless. 
Keira patted his shoulder and then turned to look at 
Nara.
After a moment, she slowly said, “The Freeman Sect has wronged you, and about that sect rule, I’ll suggest to the Sect Leader to change it.” 
If she wasn’t the senior sister, that would be one thing, but now being in that position, she felt a sense of belonging to the sect, and so, of course, any 
unreasonable rules needed to be amended. 
Matias’s mouth twitched again, “Keera, when did you start to boast? You don’t need to comfort me… Mainly it’s about your wish to enter the Inner Sect. If you can let go and not join, it’s okay with me…” 
Keira looked again at Nara, observing the barren state of the home, and couldn’t help but sigh. She took out a stack of money and handed it to he., “Take this money.” 
Nara immediately waved her hand away and then reached out to grab the paper and pen. 
However, upon touching her neck, she suddenly realized that her jade pendant, which had been snatched by Jackson, hadn’t been returned yet! 
Nara panicked instantly. 
Her brother had said that she had been wearing that jade pendant when they found her, which might be related to her background. If it were lost, wouldn’t she be unable to find her biological parents in the future? 
Nara’s eyes reddened in an instant.
Keira frowned, asking, “What’s wrong?” 
Meanwhile. 
At the Gill family residence. 
Austin had been beaten so badly that his face was swollen and bruised. Feeling humiliated, he had been staying at home for a few days. 
At this moment, Lady Gill hurried in from outside. 
Seeing this, Austin couldn’t help but straighten up. “Mom, what’s the rush? Is there news about my sister?” 
As he mentioned his sister, Lady Gill’s footsteps faltered slightly. 
A hint of sadness emerged in both of their eyes… 
Lady Gill said, “It’s news about your sister. We located the human traffickers from back then. They said that when your sister was captured, she came down with a fever. Fearing she would infect the other children, they dumped her in Clance!” 
###Chapter 427
Upon hearing this, Austin’s eyes instantly reddened. “What?! Has my sister been in Clance all these years?” 
His complexion turned somewhat anxious. 
Yet, flashes of a scene from fifteen years ago darted through his mind. 
Back then, he was five, and his sister was four. 
Because he was playful, he quietly snuck his sister out of the house, only to be targeted by human traffickers! 
Initially, the traffickers wanted to capture him since he was a boy. 
It was his sister who rushed at the feet of the trafficker and held on tight, refusing to let go. The trafficker slapped her several times, but she didn’t release her 
grip. 
The neighbors heard the commotion and were about to step out the door. 
The trafficker, not daring to delay any longer, let him go out of fear and took the sister who was clinging 
onto him and put her in the car. 
He was petrified at the time and failed to rescue his 
sister; he could only watch helplessly as they drove her 
away. 
He chased after the car as hard as he could, crying his heart out, but it was to no avail. 
That car would never stop. 
Upon recalling that scene, Austin felt an immense pain 
in his heart. 
That’s why he could never free himself from the guilt of that incident and spent his days in Clance in idleness, never doing anything serious. 
But Lady Gill and the rest indulged him… 
Because they all knew why Austin’s behaved that way. 
Lady Gill hurried back to tell him the news as soon as she got it because of this… 
Austin was ecstatic, “If we can pinpoint my sister’s address, then finding her should be much easier! Mom, send more people to search in Clance! Even if we have to dig three feet into the ground, we must find her!!” 
Lady Gill nodded, comforting him. “Alright, I know. 
Don’t worry.” 
11.19
Austin then immediately dashed upstairs, came back down hugging his box, and rushed to Lady Gill. “Mom, these are the gifts I’ve prepared for my sister over the years. All my New Year’s money is in here, along with shares of the company… My life was given to me by my sister; all these things should be hers after we find 
her!” 
Lady Gill’s eyes reddened and she nodded firmly. “Okay. Your sister won’t blame you…” 
Austin wiped away his tears. “My sister and I were so close when we were little, always together. She won’t blame me. It’s just… I don’t know if she’s had a good life over these years?” 
Lady Gill also sighed. “Hopefully, a kind-hearted person took her in.” 
Austin nodded. 
Just then, Austin’s phone suddenly rang. He answered, and the howling cries of Jackson came through. “Austin, Austin, you must stand up for me! Ah…” 
Austin moved the phone a bit further away until the pitiful screams inside ended, then put it back to his ear. “What happened to you?” 
“Austin,” Jackson said weakly. “It’s Keera! She beat me up again today, she crushed my… family jewels!” 
1 
Upon hearing this, Austin glanced subconsciously at a certain part of himself and immediately felt a chill there. 
2 
That place was probably the most sensitive and vulnerable spot for a man, to have it crushed… 
Austin shuddered suddenly; thankfully, Keera had shown some mercy when she moved against him last 
time! 
How could he know… 
He was just a loudmouth, and his offenses weren’t deadly. 
It was Jackson’s behavior that infuriated Keira the 
most. 
Keira knew what she was doing; whatever she did, the consequences were always within her expectations. 
Swallowing hard, Austin asked, “Which hospital are you at? I’ll come to see you…” 
After Jackson mentioned the name of the hospital, Austin immediately hung un the phone and then
looked at Lady Gill furiously. “Mom, that Keera is going too far! She completely disregarded the Gill family! I just visited Freeman Sect today to settle things with her, and now she has beaten Jackson again!” 
Upon hearing this, Lady Gill frowned instantly. “Jackson has been strutting around Clance all day long. I find it annoying. If he’s been beaten, so be it!” 
But Austin bluntly said, “His balls have been kicked to pieces.” 
Lady Gill was shocked. 
She immediately stood up. “This isn’t some small scuffle anymore! Keera truly has no sense of measure! We, the Gill family, must hold her accountable for 
this!!” 
Austin nodded vigorously, “Right, mom, if we let this slide easily, who knows if she will kick mine to pieces 
next time?” 
Lady Gill didn’t know what to say. 
Seeing her son’s timid appearance, she curled her lips. “Okay, rest assured, I won’t let her off easily! Even if she is Sam’s daughter, what of it? She has to learn a
lesson! We can’t let her beat people willy-nilly!” 
Austin nodded, then grabbed his coat and rushed out, 
“Mom, make sure you talk to sister properly. I’m going to see Jackson.” 
Austin quickly arrived at the hospital. 
He went straight to the ward where Jackson was 
staying. 
Jackson had already undergone surgery; the doctor said his balls were shattered and beyond repair. Jackson was in despair, had received anesthesia, and wasn’t in so much pain now. 
When Austin entered, he immediately asked, “So, have” you become a eunuch now?” 
A flash of hatred flickered in Jackson’s eyes. “Yes! Austin, I can never do that kind of thing again! You must avenge me!” 
Austin felt a chill down his spine and couldn’t help asking, “What did you do to make her so angry?” 
With bitter hatred, Jackson replied, “I just bullied a little girl, and she saw it… Austin, tomorrow, you have to take me to Freeman Sect. I absolutely can’t let her 
go!!” 
The last sentence from Jackson was almost a roar. 
This feud had developed to such an extent that it was now irreparable! 
Austin nodded. “Don’t worry, my mom has agreed. We will go to Freeman Sect again tomorrow. My injury can be ignored by Sect Leader and will heal in a few days, but yours is severe! Freeman Sect must give the Gill family an explanation!” 
Tears escaped from Jackson’s eyes. “I want her to marry me! To be responsible for the rest of my life! I want to torment her severely on the bed every day!” 
Austin frowned at Jackson’s words. 
He felt that Jackson had been driven insane by the 
ordeal. 
Just then, a nurse entered, carrying Jackson’s clothes. “We changed you into surgery attire right in the operating room. Here are your clothes; I’ll place them 
here…” 
The nurse set the clothes on the sofa beside them, 
then turned and left. 
11.16
718 
Austin glanced at the belongings. 
There were still bloodstains on the trousers, pitiful indeed… 
But as his gaze was about to retract, he suddenly spotted a piece of jade… moon-shaped… 
Austin stiffened suddenly! 
“Isn’t that my sister’s jade?” 
He quickly turned to Jackson, pointing at the jade and asking, “Where did this come from?!” 
4 
10 
> 
E
Send G
###Chapter 428
Jackson was slightly startled when he heard these words and turned his head. 
Upon seeing the moon-shaped jade pendant, he momentarily froze. 
Where did this come from? 
He recalled snatching it from the neck of Matias’s 
sister… 
Just as this thought crossed his mind, he suddenly felt something was off. 
That jade pendant… 
The daughter lost by the first branch of the family, wasn’t she wearing such a piece of jade when she disappeared? 
So, Matias’s sister was actually the lost daughter of the Gill family, the rightful young princess of the first 
branch? 
Jackson’s eyes immediately became frantic. 
Just then, Austin had already rushed to his side, 
completely disregarding his current injuries, and grabbed his collar. “Speak, where did this moon- shaped jade come from!” 
Jackson stopped in his tracks. 
He swallowed hard, then slowly said, “Austin, well…” 
“What? Speak!” 
Austin roared at him angrily. 
Looking at his state, and thinking back to how he had bullied Nara in the courtyard earlier that day, witnessing her tear-stained face, Jackson grew scared. 
The first branch had lost a daughter, and although they didn’t make a big fuss about it in public, all members of the direct lineage of the Gill family knew about it! 
Moreover, they had never given up searching for her 
over these many years. 
Austin felt especially guilty about this sister, wishing he could offer his heart and soul to treat her well! 
If the first branch found out that he had nearly forced himself on their daughter, then he would definitely be driven out of the Gill family. 
With his current state, if he were thrown out, where would he live in the future?! 
Jackson swallowed hard again and immediately said, “Austin, don’t be anxious. I was just about to tell you about this… I had forgotten for a moment because of the pain, right?” 
Austin immediately let go of his collar and asked, “Did you find our sister?” 
Jackson nodded. “Yes, I have some leads. I brought this jade piece to show you first.. 
Austin cut him off. “This jade is my sister’s. Where did you get it from?” 
Jackson coughed. “From a black market shop. I’m 
guessing your sister couldn’t make ends meet and sold this piece of jade. Alas!” 
3 
Austin was stunned when he heard this, then his eyebrows furrowed. “My sister is living in difficult circumstances? Then tell me the shop owner’s address. I will go find them! No matter what, we must find my 
sister!” 
Jackson cast his eyes down. “Okay, don’t get agitated. 
Thie already cent comeone to look into it But this niece 
< 
has changed hands several times, and there are still no leads. Clance is also quite big, searching for someone 
is a little better than looking for a needle in a 
haystack, but it still takes time…” 
1 
Austin calmed down slowly as he listened, his eyes reddening. “Right, I can’t be impatient. As long as we can find my sister, that’s all that matters.” 
They had been searching for fifteen years with no 
news. 
Upon seeing this jade, he panicked. 
It was as if his sister was right by his side, yet he had not recognized her… 
He patted Jackson on the shoulder. “This jade is just too important to our family, I will give you credit for this! Rest assured, I will definitely stand up for you in this matter! I’ll go home right now and have my mother visit the Freeman Sect again tomorrow!” 
“Good, thank you, Austin.” 
After Austin left the room, Jackson’s face darkened.
At Matias’s residence, Keira was watching Nara. 
The girl was anxious, gesturing at her chest as if she wanted to say something. 
Keira asked, “What’s wrong? 
She didn’t understand sign language. 
Nara immediately picked up a piece of paper and a pen, writing down the words. “He snatched away my pendant!” 
Keira immediately frowned. “Don’t worry, I will definitely help you get it back.” 
Only then did Nara nod. 
Then, suddenly realizing that her actions might bring trouble for Keira, she looked conflicted and wrote on the paper, “Will it cause you trouble?” 
Keira patted her shoulder. 
Nara was only about eighteen or nineteen years old, but she appeared very calm and composed. Being mute, she was also not particularly sensitive, and it was apparent that Matias doted on this little sister very much. 
Keira said, “It was he who took your things, how could it bring me trouble? Don’t worry.”
11.39 
< 
Nara then sighed in relief and nodded. 
Keira told Matias and Nara to rest up and not worry 
about the Freeman Sect, and then she returned to the 
villa with Lewis. 
The next day. 
As soon as Keira woke up, she received a call from James. “Sister, that Gill family really is a persistent thorn. Yesterday Austin came knocking, and today Jackson was carried over, insisting that you hit him, they are hell-bent on smearing your name! This is just never-ending…” 
Keira cut off his rambling, “It seems like I did hit him.” 
“…” James was taken aback, “It was really you who hit 
him?” 
“Yes.” 
Keira turned over and was startled when she saw 
Lewis’s face.
The man was staring at her, and she didn’t know how long he had been awake. 
James’s voice came through the phone. “But sister, 
even though Jackson and Austin are indeed verv 
annoying, couldn’t you have told me before hitting someone? I could have gone to hit him for you, and then you wouldn’t be in trouble, right? Why do you always take action yourself?” 
Keira said, “Oh, I definitely will next time. I just 
couldn’t hold back this time! 
+69 
James said, “Master said not to come to the Freeman Sect in case they catch you. Just stay at home, and he will go and ask the Sect Leader to step in and send the people away. But this time it may be more difficult because Jackson’s injuries seem pretty serious…” 
“I’ll be there.” 
Keira got up to get dressed. 
James said, “What are you coming for? Don’t come…”
“Yesterday, Jackson snatched something from Nara. Since I don’t know which hospital he’s in, and since he’s going to Freeman Sect today, I’ll go and get it 
back.” 
James was speechless. 
He tugged at the corner of his mouth. 
Kate asked, “How is it? Did you tell her to hide out at 
the Olsen family for a few days? We’ll block the situation at the Freeman Sect for her and then…” 
James said, “My sister said she’s on her way now.” 
Kate was dumbfounded. 
Chris immediately turned grim-faced. “She’s being ridiculous! Does she really think that this can be glossed over like the incident with Austin? Although Austin is of the direct lineage, since he didn’t suffer any fatal wounds, Lady Gill let her off the hook. But with Jackson, it’s tantamount to causing disability, and the severity is completely different! Legally, the first is a fight, but the second is causing disability, which 
carries different sentences!”
The rules of the Freeman Sect were different. 
Beating a senior member, the most severe punishment was expulsion from the sect. 
Beating a senior member and causing disability, then according to the rules of the martial arts community, all the injuries must be inflicted on the perpetrator before expelling them from the sect. 
James, “What should we do? The Freeman Sect can’t 
possibly expel my sister can they?” 
< 
Chris said, “Call her and tell her not to come at all 
costs, then have your third uncle go to the Gill family to apologize, and get this matter settled…” 
“Apologize for what?! There’s no way she will apologize!” 
Trevor’s resounding voice came from outside the door, 
and then he strode in. 
13 
R 
6 
> 
Terrible 
###Chapter 429
Several people looked toward him and saluted. 
“Master.” 
Trevor waved his hand dismissively and walked to the seat at the head of the room 
Today, Trevor had his usual imposing demeanor restored; the swelling in his eyes had subsided, and the allergic reaction on his face had healed. 
Chris said, “Master Freeman, did you just say she wouldn’t apologize? Are you referring to Uncle Olsen? Although it’s true that Uncle Olsen has never lowered his head to anyone, this matter did start with Keera making the first move…” 
Trevor scoffed. “The appearance of such an unworthy man within the Freeman Sect is the result of our own oversight. He’s been causing trouble outside, and any disciple of the Freeman Sect should have intervened!” 
Chris could only smile wryly. “Master Freeman, what you’re saying makes sense, but isn’t there… an issue with their statuses? Jackson was causing trouble outside, but she should have reported it to the sect 
19: 
instead of taking law into her own hands. Otherwise, doesn’t that render our Disciplinary Hall meaningless?”
Trevor’s stance was still resolute. “Isn’t it meaningless 
now?” 
Chris, not understanding why Trevor had been pleading with Lady Gill just yesterday but was so assertive today, coughed and slowly said, “No, that’s not it, Trevor. The crux of the matter lies in the fact that Keera didn’t have the status to strike a fellow sect 
member.” 
Trevor immediately scoffed. “Who says she doesn’t?” 
Upon hearing this, Chris was stunned. “What? What status does she have?” 
Trevor looked at him but did not speak. 
Just then, a voice came from outside the door. “Master Freeman, Second Uncle, there are visitors!” 
“Who is it?” 
“Uncle Olsen from the Olsen family. We have already opened the main gate and personally ushered him in.” 
Upon hearing that Uncle Olsen had arrived, Trevor 
and Chris immediately exchanged glances and hurried out the door, only to see rows of black vehicles driving into the yard of the Freeman Sect. 
The impressive aura made it clear that the visitor had ill intentions. 
Soon, Uncle Olsen’s car stopped in front of them. His assistant stepped out and ran to the back to open the car door for Uncle Olsen. 
Inside, Uncle Olsen glanced coldly at Trevor and Chris before finally stepping out with authority. 
Trevor immediately stepped forward. “Uncle Olsen, to what do we owe this honor?” 
Uncle Olsen snorted with a sneer. “I’ve heard that my daughter has suffered a lot of grievances here at the Freeman Sect, that someone named Jackson has been bullying her day after day. So today, I’ve come to seek justice.” 
Chris was speechless. 
Wasn’t Jackson the victim here? 
Why did it seem like Keera was the one being portrayed as the victim?! 
Unable to hold back, he took a step forward and directly addressed Uncle Olsen. “Uncle Olsen, actually, your timing is perfect. Just take Keera home and hide her away. Once the Gill family’s anger subsides, you can let her come out again…” 
Uncle Olsen sneered. “My daughter has done nothing wrong, why should she hide?”
Chris didn’t know what to say. 
He looked toward Trevor, only to hear him nod and say, “Exactly, why should she hide?” 
“Because she has injured a direct descendant of the Gill family!” 
At that moment, Lady Gill came striding over, seething 
with anger. 
Her car hadn’t driven in but was parked outside. Following her, several bodyguards carried a stretcher, striding to the front. 
On that stretcher, Jackson lay there covered with a quilt, which was propped up at the thigh to prevent it from touching the wound. 
His face was ashen, his eyes full of a sinister glint, and 
4719 
at this moment, his eyes filled with tears as he looked at Lady Gill. “Aunt, you must stand up for me!” 
Lady Gill then turned to Uncle Olsen. “Sam, your daughter has beaten up my nephew. You must give us an explanation for this!” 
Uncle Olsen spread his hands. “Your nephew often bullies my daughter at the Freeman Sect. Shouldn’t you also give me an explanation for that?” 
Lady Gill rebuked. “Stop making excuses here!”
“Making excuses? Everyone in the Freeman Sect’s Outer Sect Disciples knows that Jackson bullied my daughter. Should I question them one by one?” 
Lady Gill retorted. “Even so, that doesn’t justify resorting to violence!” 
Uncle Olsen sneered. “So your nephew is allowed to bully others, but my daughter isn’t allowed to defend herself? What kind of logic is that?” 
Lady Gill scoffed. “As far as I’m aware, he didn’t lay a hand on your daughter yesterday, did he?” 
Uncle Olsen snorted. “Exactly, he’s only a piece of trash that bullies the weak. Where would he dare to 
touch my daughter now? He was bullying another child, and my daughter couldn’t stand by-that’s why she intervened! Lady Gill, if you want to take this to court, then go ahead and call the police! Let’s see how they handle it when they arrive!” 
Lady Gill choked up. 
At the end of the day, it was Jackson who started by bullying others and ended up getting beaten. 
Even if the police were really called, after everything was cleared up, at most Keira would be deemed to have exercised excessive self-defense, and the Olsen family would just have to compensate for medical 
expenses. 
Lady Gill, indignant, immediately looked at Trevor. “Master Freeman, what do you have to say?!”
Before Trevor could speak, Lady Gill sneered. “Keera did nothing wrong in the eyes of outsiders, but what about the rules of the Freeman Sect? I let go of the incident with my son being beaten yesterday! But today’s situation with Jackson is more than just a beating- he’s been crippled! Who knows how he’s going to live in the future! She absolutely cannot be let 
Grg 
off lightly! I demand that the Freeman Sect make her experience all the pain she inflicted on Jackson, and furthermore, to expel her from the sect!” 
Hearing this, James glanced at Jackson and then coughed, “Well, Lady Gill, the key is that my sister 
doesn’t have that ‘thing’ so how could she get injured in the same way?” 
The crowd was dumbfounded. 
For a moment, they actually felt the argument was quite reasonable! 
Other injuries, like missing arms or broken legs, could be replicated, but this injury couldn’t be transferred 
onto a woman! 
Lady Gill sneered. “I’ve thought of that already. Injure Keera’s reproductive organs, removing the uterus as punishment should suffice!” 
After all, Jackson wouldn’t be able to have children! 
So depriving Keera of the ability to have children seemed only fair.
The balance seemed perfectly just. 
But as soon as these words were spoken, Uncle 
11 19 
- 
Olsen’s expression darkened, and he took a step forward, staring intensely at Lady Gill. “Let’s see who dares lay a finger on my daughter?!” 
His aura was commanding, and his stance was like that of a tiger descending from the mountain, causing everyone present to be startled. 
Lady Gill, however, was not scared and just sneered. “What? Sam, are you going to strike a woman?” 
Uncle Olsen narrowed his eyes and remained silent. 
Lady Gill then turned back to Trevor. “Master Freeman, is it that whoever shouts the loudest gets their way in the Freeman Sect? What about the rules of the sect? Aren’t they to be followed? I demand that the Freeman Sect deal with Keera according to its 
rules!” 
Trevor said leisurely. “But, Keera hasn’t violated any rules of the Freeman Sect, has she?” 
13 
图
###Chapter 430
Lady Gill immediately scoffed. “Master Freeman, it seems you have made up your mind to protect her? Is not attacking a fellow disciple a violation of the Sect rules?!” 
Trevor raised an eyebrow and looked toward Jackson. “I recall that Jackson is an Outer Sect Disciple, right?” 
“Indeed.” 
Lady Gill spoke up, “So what?” 
Trevor coughed lightly, “Keera is an Inner Sect Disciple. When he sees an Outer Sect Disciple causing trouble outside, isn’t it normal for him to step in and 
teach them a lesson?” 
“Master…” 
Lying on the stretcher, Jackson became anxious upon hearing these words. Though weak, he could barely speak, but he turned toward him. “As far as I know, she has not yet taken a master, which means she is not counted among the ranks of the Inner Sect Disciples! You cannot be biased toward her like this!” 
112 C 
430 Chapter 420
After speaking, Jackson cried and looked toward Lady Gill, “Aunt, surely Master Freeman does not think that the Olsen Family is more powerful than ours and is deliberately bullying us, does he?” 
Lady Gill glared at Trevor. “Trevor, you had better explain yourself clearly today. The Gill family is not someone your Freeman Sect can bully at will!!” 
Trevor remained calm and unhurried. 
His demeanor was completely different from the one who flattered Lady Gill yesterday. “I will certainly make things clear to everyone today. As a matter of fact, Keera was already admitted to the Inner Sect long ago! It just hasn’t been announced publicly yet!” 
Jackson immediately shouted. “Impossible! Two 
months ago, she was still desperately pleading with me to be admitted to the Inner Sect, how could she have possibly been admitted already?!” 
Trevor glanced at him. 
He thought to himself that it was Keera, not his favored disciple Keira! 
But now Keira needed to live under the identity of 
Voorn 
Although he didn’t understand what loira is 
planning, Trevor knew he must not ruin her plans.
Before Trevor could speak, Chris coughed. “This matter was already decided internally. I told my brother clearly yesterday that I would accept Keera as my disciple, making her my Inner Sect Disciple. So, the Sect Leader must have already recorded it under his name, just waiting for the official apprenticeship today! And when she hit you, it was right after her name was recorded, so the Sect Leader’s words are not wrong! Keera beat you as an Inner Sect Disciple!” 
Before Jackson could respond, Austin sneered. “I knew 
you 
would resort to such shameless arguments, so we had already gone to check the registration place for Freeman Sect disciples, and there was no record of any Inner Sect Disciples being entered yesterday. Second Uncle, it’s better you stop showing partiality to her!” 
Chris was taken aback. 
Lady Gill scoffed. “Master Freeman, do you have anything else to say?” 
Chris and James hastily looked toward Trevor, and Uncle Olsen also glanced over… 
1126 
39 
Then they heard Trevor laugh. “I did not say that my Second Brother accepted her as his disciple!” 
“Whoever accepts her as a disciple needs to register! Since there is no registration, and her name is not in the Freeman Sect disciples’ handbook, it’s useless…” 
Jackson roared angrily.
When Keira arrived, she just heard his words and scoffed. 
She glanced indifferently at Trevor and saw him nodding lightly at her. 
Keira immediately understood. 
It seemed her identity as Senior Sister from Freeman Sect could no longer be hidden… 
Now it was indeed most appropriate to use this identity to slap their faces. 
As she entered the room, Jackson’s expression changed immediately, and he furiously yelled, “Keera, you still have the face to come here? You dare to show up? I will make sure you pay the price today!” 
With those words, he immediately looked toward the 
surrounding bodyguards “Grab her and beat her 
479 
severely! Hit her in the stomach, I want to destroy her womb!!” 
The bodyguards, upon hearing this, immediately glanced at Lady Gill. 
Lady Gill let out a cold sneer. “What are you waiting for? Since both the Freeman Sect and the Olsen Family refuse to give us this respect, then we’ll have to take matters into our own hands to reclaim it!” 
As these words were spoken, the bodyguards immediately charged forward, encircling Keira! 
Keira merely arched her eyebrows in disdain. 
Now faced with so many people, she was no longer
afraid! 
Previously, she didn’t know her true identity, but it turned out she was the Senior Sister from Freeman Sect. Were these few people not simply there to be 
knocked down at will? 
As she thought this, Uncle Olsen stepped forward with large strides, his own bodyguards quickly gathering behind him, directly confronting the members of the Gill family! 
11.24 
James also came over without hesitation. “Sister, don’t be afraid, I promise not to let them touch a single finger on you!” 
Lady Gill looked coldly at Uncle Olsen. “Has the Olsen family decided to make an enemy of the Gill family?” 
Uncle Olsen’s gaze lowered, “That Gill boy bullied my daughter, if I don’t stand up for her, does the Olsen family have no face to keep? 
Taking in a deep breath Lady Gill said/ “Fine, then today, the Gill and Olsen families will make a complete 
break!” 
She took a step back. “It’s also a good opportunity to test which family’s bodyguards are more superior in martial strength!”
No sooner had she spoken than Trevor’s voice suddenly cut in, “Lady Gill, please wait a moment.” 
Startled, Lady Gill turned to him. “What now? Is Master Freeman now considering a truce with us? Let me tell you, it’s not necessary! Not unless you’re willing to punish Keera!” 
“Oh, Lady Gill, you misunderstand!” 
Trevor looked toward Kate, “Why aren’t you hurrying to call all the Inner Sect Disciples here!” 
Kate blinked. “Huh?” 
Lady Gill scoffed. “It’s useless for you to protect the scene if our two families start fighting! Trevor, don’t waste your effort! I’ll compensate you for the venue damage, no big deal!” 
Trevor immediately waved his hand. “Don’t bother. Lady Gill is being too polite. How could we let you pay for the damage we do to our own venue?” 
Lady Gill was taken aback. “You do to your own 
venue?” 
She seemed not to understand what he meant. 
Trevor nodded immediately. “That’s right, the Gill family has bullied one of our own, and we at the Freeman Sect certainly aren’t weaklings.” 
He then looked at Kate. “What are you still standing there for? Go gather everyone!”
Lady Gill was confused. 
Her expression darkened. “What? Does the Freeman 
family also look down on the Gills? Are you planning 
to join forces with the Olsens to take us down?” 
Trevor let out a sigh. “It’s not that. I’ve always admired you, Lady Gill, how could I look down on you? It’s just that you’ve bullied my disciple, and as a master, I certainly can’t just stand by and watch!” 
Lady Gill blinked. “What do you mean ‘your disciple”?” 
Chris, standing nearby, was also confused. “Trevor, don’t you only have one disciple? Since when has Keera become your disciple?” 
James and Kate also looked puzzled. 
Keira raised an eyebrow and then heard Trevor speak. “That’s right, I only have one disciple. If someone in our Sect threatens your Senior Sister, are you just going to stand there and watch? Call people over 
now!” a 
7 
6 
兩
###Chapter 431
What? 
Everyone felt like they had misheard and incredulously turned to look at Keira. 
Kate was especially flustered as she looked around and asked, “Where is the Senior Sister?” 
James also eagerly turned to the entrance, eyes shining, “The Senior Sister is here? Where? Where?” 
The couple really had a knack for complementing each other, which made the rest of the people seem much brighter by comparison. 
Chris was already looking at Keira in astonishment, then back at Trevor, before suddenly pointing towards Keira and asking, “Trevor, is she our Senior Sister?” 
This remark made both James and Kate abruptly turn 
their heads to look at Keira. 
Just about to question the truth of their master’s word, they saw Trevor nod, “That’s right!” 
James was stunned. 
He was completely dumbfounded, looking at Keira in disbelief.
Wasn’t Keera just an Outer Sect Disciple of the 
Freeman Sect? How could she possibly be the Senior 
Sister?! 
Even Lady Gill furrowed her brows. “Master Freeman, to shield her, you would actually tell such a lie? You really are…” 
Trevor sighed. “She really is the Senior Sister. Why wouldn’t you believe me? Could I possibly mistake my own disciple? Plus, the position of Senior Sister is tied to the future of our sect. How could I lie about 
something like this!” 
Only then did James turn toward Keira, and suddenly as if realizing something, he said, “So, that day during the selection for the martial arts tournament for Outer Sect Disciples, it wasn’t because I was too tired and momentarily lost focus that you won?” 
Keira asked, “…Didn’t you let me win that day?” 
James was shocked. 
When had he ever let her win? He had been trying his 
absolute hardest hadn’t he? 
But, was she really that skilled? 
As he pondered this, he heard his own master say, “No wonder yesterday when I said let’s have a sparring 
match, you actually punched me and sent me reeling back several steps!” 
James was perplexed. 
He and Kate immediately turned to look at Chris, both speaking in unison. 
“Master, weren’t you going easy on her?” 
“Dad, you were holding back, right?” 
Chris immediately shook his head. “No, why would I 
hold back? She is obviously a master!” 
James and Kate were shocked. 
Even Uncle Olsen raised an eyebrow in surprise, 
looking toward Keira. 
What others found hard to understand, he had 
instantly grasped. 
The Senior Sister from the Freeman Sect wasn’t Keera, it was clearly Keira! 
A trace of relief suddenly filled his gaze.
11.24 
His daughter had grown up in Oceanion and had been through so many changes, but the pressures of fate had never bent her spine. She had always stood tall and upright as a person… and she had grown up so 
well! 
While the crowd was still shocked, suddenly a loud wail broke through. “Jackson, do you see that? Do you see that? I really didn’t go easy on her! She’s the Senior Sister, how could I possibly have let her win during the martial arts tournament?!” 
Erick Miles stood to the side, his nose bruised and face swollen, suddenly breaking into loud tears. 
Since the last martial arts competition, everyone assumed that he had been lenient toward Keera out of 
pity and tenderness, which was why he let Keera win that match. Otherwise, how could Keera have possibly 
won? 
Therefore, the Gill family held a grudge against him. Erick’s days at the Freeman Sect were simply unbearable. Everyone either hit or cursed him, and day after day people challenged him to a duel, and he 
couldn’t refuse! a 
He was beaten every day, and he went to explain to Jackson every day, but Jackson simply didn’t believe 
him… 
Until this moment, his role finally became clear!! 
Erick wept bitterly. As he cried, he suddenly felt that something was amiss… 
No… The timing seemed entirely off right now, didn’t 
it?! 
Trevor walked over leisurely and also stood by the Olsen family, facing Lady Gill. “Lady Gill, this is the Freeman Sect’s way, where we send Outer Sect Disciples to experience life. My disciple here, she’s just too righteous and cannot stand all sorts of crooked and evil practices. Your son and your nephew have been bullying men and women outside. My disciple couldn’t stand it any longer. As the Senior Sister, it’s not too much for her to teach the junior brothers a lesson, right?” 
James and Kate immediately chimed in. “Not too much at all! It’s natural for our Senior Sister to educate us!” 
Trevor then looked toward Jackson again, “As for you… you went to Matias’s house yesterday, didn’t you? 
11. 
5.99 
Then, what did you do? Do I need to say it out loud here? Matias only has one sister, and she’s mute. Are you even human, bullying her like that?! If my disciple hadn’t arrived, you might have succeeded, right? What’s wrong with her teaching you a lesson?” 
Jackson’s face turned dark. 
That part of a man represented a certain ability, and now he was ruined! He would never be able to bed a 
woman again! 
At this particular moment, his psyche had become completely twisted! 
Trevor looked at Lady Gill once more. “Lady Gill, the Freeman Sect has given you an explanation. Are you sure you still want to fight today?” 
Lady Gill took a deep breath in anger. 
After a long pause, she extended her finger toward Trevor and Uncle Olsen, pointing at each of them and then finally at Keira. “Well, the young lady is quite capable! Hiding your identity just for this trick, huh?! I’m utterly convinced!” 
Then she angrily looked at Trevor. “You have gone too far. From now on the Gill family will sever all business 
relations with the Olsen family and all cooperation with the Freeman Sect! Austin and Jackson will leave the Freeman Sect from this point forward and will no longer be disciples of the Freeman Sect!!” 
Having said that, Lady Gill swung her arm fiercely, leading her group majestically as they prepared to 
leave! 
Keira watched her, thought about what Lady Gill had said, and slightly furrowed her brows. “Wait a 
moment!” 
Lady Gill stopped and turned back to look at her. 
Keira sighed silently. “Lady Gill, this matter has already been clarified. As the Senior Sister, it’s only right for me to discipline them. Why must you…” 
“Hah, the Gill family has been fooled and applauded your actions time and again, is that fun for you? If you had made clear your identity from the start, I wouldn’t feel this humiliated! Young lady, since you’ve done the deed, don’t try to play innocent!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
No… She hadn’t known from the start that she was the 
Senior Sister! 
11 24 
But saying this, she was sure they wouldn’t believe her. 
…Never mind. 
The more she explained, the messier it would get. Besides, although she wanted to cooperate with the Gill family, she didn’t want to do so while feeling constrained, especially since it was Austin and Jackson who had done wrong… 
Seeing her expression, Lady Gill let out a cold laugh, turned to leave, but then heard her say again. “Wait a 
moment!” 
 
Lady Gill turned around, wondering what she would say next, only to see Keira walked past her, 
approached Jackson, and stared at him with a grim 
look. 
Jackson panicked. “What, what are you looking at?” 
Keira said, “The pendant you stole from Nara yesterday, give it back to me!” 
Upon hearing this, Jackson instantly panicked, his gaze involuntarily shifting toward Austin. 3 
3
###Chapter 432
Austin looked at Jackson with suspicion, not 
understanding what was going on. 
Jackson swallowed hard. “What thing? I’ve never seen 
it!” 
Keira immediately grabbed his collar, almost lifting him 
off his feet. 
Jackson suddenly screamed, “Auntie, look, she’s trying to kill me! This is a blatant bullying of the Gill family!” 
Lady Gill glared over in anger. 
But Keira did not back down at all. 
When Nara talked about the pendant yesterday, she hesitated, initially seeming reluctant to tell her, wanting to avoid troubling her. 
But in the end, she still wrote it down and told her, which meant the pendant was very important to her! 
Nara was never one for troubling others. When she told her that Matias was sick last time, and Keira asked 
if the family had money for the treatment, Nara had 
nodded affirmatively.
It wasn’t until yesterday’s visit that Keira discovered her family really was extremely poor. 
Nara had graduated from college, and was currently just an intern with low wages-barely enough to live on after paying rent. 
Matias was an Outer Sect Disciple in the Freeman Sect, and the money he got every month wasn’t much 
either. 
All the savings over the years had gone to Nara’s 
education… 
When Matias got sick, he went to a small clinic… 
Therefore, Keira had to help Nara get the pendant 
back. 
Keira told Lady Gill, “That pendant is very important to my friend, so I must get it back. I presume Lady Gill wouldn’t , right? After all, it belongs to someone 
else!” 
Jackson spat out resentfully. “Her thing? Don’t try to scam us here! Yes, you’re just deliberately provoking!”
Keira stared at him unflinchingly, her gaze briefly shooting toward the bulge in his groin. She scoffed 
coldly. “Are you sure you won’t give it back?” 
Jackson was frightened by her gaze and suddenly cried out. “I’ll give it back, I’ll give it back!” 
It was then that Keira let go of him. 
Jackson took a deep breath, then said, “I can give it to you, but take a look at me, I’ve already changed into patient clothes. I don’t have anything on me, but I’ll send someone to deliver it to you once I get back!” 
Seeing he was, indeed, wearing patient clothes and didn’t appear to be carrying anything, Keira didn’t trouble him further, simply saying calmly, “I should see that tonight, or I’ll find out which hospital you’re staying at…” 
Jackson immediately looked panicked. 
Austin then said, “You…” 
“Elders are speaking, don’t interrupt at will,” Keira cut 
him off, silencing Austin. ” 
Austin was speechless. 
Keira indeed was the respected Senior Sister.
The respected Senior Sister had a special significance 
39 
within the whole Freeman Sect, so there was no problem in referring to her as an elder. 
It was just that Austin felt aggrieved. 
Keira took a step back, and only then did these people 
leave. 
After they had gone, Keira finally breathed a sigh of relief, then turned toward James and Kate. 
Before she could speak, James rushed to her, “Sister Keera! You, you’re actually my Senior Sister! You’re too amazing! Come, let’s spar a bit, let me witness the strength of the Senior Sister!” 
“Step aside!” Kate also rushed over, grabbing Keira’s arm with glittering eyes. “Sister Keera, can you teach me how you can be so skilled in martial arts but have such soft flesh?!” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
“Come on, tell me, I hate those rock-hard muscles the 
most!” 
Keira twitched her lips and glanced at Trevor. “Maybe, it could be, because I’m not diligent enough?”. 
Kate was confused.
Trevor didn’t know what to say. 
Trevor glared at her. “Kate, don’t listen to her nonsense. She has endured too much inhumane 
torment since she was little, and that’s why she has 
developed such great muscles. Normal people can only get them through training!” 
Kate asked curiously, “What kind of inhumane 
torment?” 
Uncle Olsen heard this and turned his head, pricking up his ears. 
Trevor said, “When I first met her, she wouldn’t say a word to me. Later on, I got friendly with a group of old men and women, taking them to practice Tai Chi every day…” 
Keira interrupted him. “You mean dancing in the square, right?” 
Trevor was dumbfounded. 
The rest of the people immediately looked at Trevor, unable to imagine their solemn Sect Leader actually joining a group of people for dancing. 
But Keira laughed. 
prer
At that time, her master only taught her for two hours a day; the rest of the time, he was bored and decided to strengthen the bodies of the old men and women. Initially, he had wanted to train them in martial arts, but in the end, he was led to participate in dancing! 
A master of martial arts, twisting his waist alongside a bunch of old men and women, it seemed so comical in 
retrospect! 
Trevor coughed. “That’s not important!” 
He continued. “After I got to know them, some of them knew Keera and told me a lot about her childhood… 
They said when she was just born, her mother wouldn’t breastfeed her, and she almost starved to death… Later on, she was hardly ever given enough to eat and was made to do heavy labor, and then they would beat her daily, which was light punishment on her. She seemed to frequently have broken arms and legs, and was also forced to kneel as a penalty… 
Trevor sighed quietly. “When I heard this, I got so angry. I wanted to rush over and kill that mother, but she stopped me. She said that, after all, she did give her life..” 
Trevor still didn’t know the complexities of Keira’s background; he was still at the initial stage. 
Keira didn’t explain.
Just as she was about to say something, suddenly she heard a deep voice suppressing anger. “And what else?” 
Trevor added. “Oh, I also heard that when Keera was about three or four years old, her mom deliberately threw her to human traffickers. Later, it was the police who came knocking, saying they had found her daughter, and she even refused to acknowledge her!” 
Trevor looked at Kate. “Would you want such a mom?” 
Kate immediately shook her head, then looked at Keira. “Senior Sister, your life was so tough!” 
James also said, “No wonder a scumbag could deceive you, it must be because you were too starved for love!” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
This guy was confusing her own life with Keera’s. 
But she didn’t explain too much. “Alright, there’s nothing else. Everyone back to their position!” 
Trevor nodded and then suddenly said, “Aren’t we forgetting something?” 
“Seems like it… Isn’t there someone we still haven’t 
dealt with?”
As they were speaking, everyone left at a leisurely pace. Erick Miles, who had been hiding in the crowd trying his best to be invisible, finally breathed a sigh of relief! 
Gosh… 
He had already paid the price for his past assistance to Jackson in committing wrongful deeds!! 
Lady Gill left the building with her people and 
suddenly looked at Jackson. “What did you take from that girl?” 
10 
B 
图
###Chapter 433
Jackson had a moment of confusion. “No, nothing…” 
Lady Gill, however, coldly cut in, “Then give it back to her! We, the Gill family, aren’t so petty! Do not bully 
the weak!’ 
Jackson immediately lowered his head, “Yes…” 
Lady Gill then turned to Austin. “You didn’t come home yesterday; where have you been skulking around?” 
Austin sighed and glanced at Jackson. 
After a long pause, he suddenly said, “Mom, I think….. I might have almost found my sister!” 
Lady Gill staggered upon hearing this, quickly grabbing his hand. “Where?” 
Austin took out the pendant he had in hand and handed it to Lady Gill. “Look, this is my sister’s jade! 
She’s in Clance!” 
Austin had intended to wait until Jackson recovered, 
but after thinking it over, he decided this matter should involve Lady Gill and his two older brothers. 
18 
Otherwise, missing the best opportunity to find his sister would be disastrous! 
Lady Gill’s hands trembled as she took the jade, then 
she fiercely gripped his shoulder, “Quick, tell me where you found this!” 
Austin looked at Jackson, “He gave it to me…” 
11 
Lady Gill immediately turned her gaze to Jackson. 
Jackson then dropped his gaze, his eyes flashing with a ruthless light. “Auntie, a friend gave it to me. We’re already looking for her. Rest assured, I will find my cousin, but… my vendetta…” 
Lady Gill said decisively, “If you can help me find my daughter, you’ll be a benefactor to our family! I will help you avenge your grudge, even if it means using all the might of the Gill family!” 
She declared with overwhelming presence. “We’re not afraid of the Olsen family or the Freeman Sect!” 
Jackson immediately breathed a sigh of relief, then hurriedly nodded in agreement. “Thank you so much, 
Auntie!”. 
“Tell me, where did this jade come from?” 
11.25 
Jackson racked his brain and began to fabricate a lie. “Auntie, a friend bought it. The seller was a vegetable peddler who seemed to be struggling to make ends meet, so it was pawned off and no information was left behind.” 
Lady Gill immediately commanded, “Then investigate everyone who sells vegetables, and check with the children of my daughter’s age!” 
The bodyguards nodded. “Yes.” 
Freeman Sect. 
After Trevor and Uncle Olsen exchanged a few words, the two said their goodbyes. 
Keira walked Uncle Olsen out to the parking lot. 
Because they hadn’t been together since her 
childhood, they felt a bit awkward in each other’s 
company. 
Previously, they were unaware of each other’s 
identities; now that they knew, their interaction wasn’t as effortless as before. 
While Keira was thinking of a tonic to bring un. Uncle 
Olsen suddenly said, “Don’t worry, the Gill family won’t take action against our family!” 
Keira nodded.
Then she heard Uncle Olsen say, “Keira, if something’s bothering you, you can tell me. You have family now; I can help you bear it.” 
Keira was taken aback for a moment as she looked at 
him. 
A wave of warmth suddenly surged from the depths of 
her heart. 
She nodded. “I want to cooperate with the Gill family.” 
Uncle Olsen was startled, “Why?” 
To find her mother, she had to complete the task given by the South family as soon as possible. Although she did not yet know the reason, having now deeply offended Lady Gill, the only way to seek cooperation would be through Uncle Olsen. 
She did not speak, and Uncle Olsen didn’t inquire further, simply saying, “I’ll think of something.” 
“Thank you.” 
48 
“There’s no need for thanks between you and me. By the way, shall I take you home?” 
“No, thanks. My car is waiting for me.” 
Keira pointed to a modest black car parked at the side of the road not far away.
Seeing it, Uncle Olsen pursed his lips, suddenly feeling somewhat dissatisfied. “Doesn’t he have to work? Just driving you around every day?” 
Keira nodded, “He’s been a bit scared since the last 
incident.” 
Uncle Olsen fell silent for a moment, then said, “The Olsen family will always be your home.” 
“I know.” 
Uncle Olsen got into the car under Keira’s watch. 
The motorcade started up, and Uncle Olsen’s car began to move forward slowly. Through the rear-view mirror, he could see Keira’s light-footed steps as she turned and walked toward the roadside car. 
Uncle Olsen’s lips slightly curved into a smile, and after a moment he muttered, “That brat’s got it easy!” 
The secretary didn’t hear him clearly and asked, “Sir, what did you say?”. 
 
Uncle Olsen’s expression darkened. “Where is Poppy 
now?” 
The secretary immediately said, “I’ll have someone look into it.”
“Once you find her, make her suffer! Have her confess everything she did to my daughter, and pay her back 
tenfold!” 
The secretary was about to speak. 
Then Uncle Olsen suddenly thought of Lewis… 
He wasn’t the generous type; if he knew how brutally Keira had been treated, he would definitely step in… 
He quickly added. “Even if she’s already dead, dig up her body and grind her bones to dust!” 
“Yes.” 
Gill family. 
Besides Austin, the Gill family had two other sons. 
68 
house, anxiously asking, “Is there news about our sister?” 
Lady Gill nodded, passing them the jade. “I have a feeling Jackson is hiding something from me, but he’s injured now, and as the son of the second branch, so I don’t feel it’s right to ask more. You two, go investigate for me! Or take this jade pendant and ask around!” 
“Okay!”
The two hurriedly left the house with the jade. 
Austin followed them. “I’ll go with you!” 
After the group left, Lady Gill finally sat down on the sofa and took a deep breath. 
Marketplace. 
The three Gill family members were there, holding up a photo and asking, “Have you seen this jade before?” 
The people all shook their heads. 
Nara was walking through the marketplace, holding money to buy groceries. 
Her brother was sick, and she thought of buying some ribs to make soup. 
7.8 
As she approached the meat seller’s stall and was about to take out the money to buy some meat, she suddenly heard someone nearby ask, “Miss, have you seen this piece of jade before?” 
Nara was slightly stunned, immediately turning her head to look, and saw standing before her a gentleman with a kindly face. 
The gentleman looked at her with a cordial gaze. 
10 
R 
6 
> 
图 
###Chapter 434
434 Chapter 433 
Nara paused slightly. 
It felt as if a memory was about to surface. 
But it was veiled by a thin layer that prevented her from recalling it. 
She wanted to look at the man's phone screen when the young woman buying vegetables said, "Sorry, I haven't seen it." 
The young man immediately put away his phone and walked on. 
Nara didn't get a clear look at his phone screen. 
She frowned. 
She couldn't help but follow him... 
This man was Morgan, the eldest son of the Gill family. He had not noticed the girl following him as he continued to ask around in the market. 
Right then, two men in suits arrived from a distance. 
They looked entirely out of place in the grimy, rundown market. 
Nara watched them, unable to look away. 
After a moment, a voice suddenly came from behind her. "Hey, I'm talking to you, move! What are you so engrossed in that you haven't heard me?" 
Nara quickly turned around and realized someone was trying to get by with a cart, so she hurriedly apologized. 
The commotion caught the attention of the three brothers from the Gill family. 
When they saw Nara, they were instantly stunned. 
Austin stared hard at Nara and couldn't help but say, "Guys, do you feel... this Nara looks familiar?" 
"Her eyes are a bit like dad's, very gentle..." 
"And looking at her gives me a feeling of affection..." 
The three suddenly looked at each other and turned to Nara in unison. "Could she be..." 
In their excitement, they saw Nara hurriedly waving her hands, taking out a small notebook, and handing it to someone else after opening it. 
There was a line in it: I'm sorry. 
The person immediately curled their lips with disdain. "What a bummer! You're a mute..." 
He then walked past her. 
Nara hesitated for a moment, then sighed and walked to the stall she had been at before to buy vegetables. 
The three men from the Gill family frowned in the distance. 
Austin said with disappointment, "So she's a mute? Our little sister used to be such a chatterbox. How could she be mute?" 
The three brothers left in disappointment. 
After leaving the market, Austin wanted to go to the next market to ask around. 
Morgan suddenly said, "Asking from one market to the next won't work. Clance has so many markets, and there are roadside vendors as well. It's impossible to ask them all." 
Austin became anxious. "What do you mean by that? Are you saying we won't look for our sister?" 
His second brother gave a wry smile. "Why the rush? If Morgan says that, he must have his reasons!" 
He then looked toward Morgan, "Don't be angry. Whenever it's about our sister, Austin gets like this!" 
Morgan frowned. "You're not that young anymore! Can't you share the family's burdens? All you do is hang out with your friends all day and stir up trouble. I heard you've offended both the Olsen family and the Freeman Sect, along with Mom. Among the five great families of Clance, no two are at war with each other yet. It seems you won't be satisfied until you've run the Gill family into the ground!" 
Austin retorted defiantly, "They started it! Anyway, let's get back to our sister. Are we not searching for her anymore?" 
Morgan rubbed his temples, "What I mean is, even if we were to deploy every person we have and do nothing else, it would still be hard to find her. Since that's the case, it might be better to put up an advertisement." 
Austin was startled. "An advertisement?" 
"Yes," Morgan continued. "When our sister disappeared, we were afraid that the kidnappers, realizing our desperation, might dispose of her or harm her to silence her, so we dared not publicize our search. But now that we know she's in Clance, doesn't an ad make things easier?" 
Austin's eyes immediately lit up. "Morgan, you're so smart!" 
Morgan said, "We'll make the advertisement now, then we won't just run it throughout the city. We'll go nationwide. We must ensure that the entire nation sees our advertisement!" 
"I'm going back to the office to work on it!" 
The second son immediately turned and left. 
Morgan took a deep breath and glanced at Austin again, frustrated at his brother's lack of initiative, but what could he do when their mother spoiled Austin so much? 
He could only pat Austin on the shoulder and threaten him. "You better stay out of trouble! Stay away from Ellis! Don't provoke him again!" 
Austin grimaced. "I know." 
After Morgan left, Austin sneered. "I'll provoke if I want to. What can he do about it?" 
It was not even half a day before the advertisements of the Gill family were plastered everywhere. 
But no matter how much money was spent on spreading the word, momentum took time to build. It wasn't until that evening, after Nara finished preparing dinner that she saw the advertisement on her phone. 
She stared at the crescent jade pendant on the screen, and her eyes widened in shock. She tapped Matias on the shoulder to show him the ad. 
When Matias saw it, he too was stunned, his expression bewildered. 
"Nara, isn't that your jade pendant? How did it end up on TV? Let me see what's going on here!"
###Chapter 435
Matias stared at the advertisement, just to see that someone was looking for the owner of this jade and asked people to contact them, leaving their contact information.” 
Matias immediately excitedly wrote down the contact information, then looked directly at Nara and said, “Nara, these are your family members, they’re looking for you!” 
After saying this, he took out his phone, wanting to contact the other party, “I’ll call right now, let’s see who they are, and if possible, you should meet them!” 
Unfortunately, before he could make the call, Nara stopped him. 
Nara waved her hands and gestured: I’ll contact them myself. 
Matias was taken aback, “How will you contact them? You can’t make phone calls, can you?” 
Nara glared at him, stubbornly pouting and gesturing: Can’t I send text messages and type? 
11 25 
435 
Matias: … 
Matias knew his sister appeared gentle and frail, but she was actually very stubborn inside; when she made up her mind about something, nobody else could decide for her.
He silently sighed. 
Then he spoke up, “Then you send a message and ask 
now.” 
Nara nodded, took her phone, and went out the door. 
She sat on the steps at the entrance, quietly looking 
ahead. 
Many people rented rooms within this courtyard house, the neighbors had all watched her and her brother grow up since they were little, and now they were all taking walks and chatting. 
Nara watched them, her thoughts somewhat complicated. 
She had known since she was little that she was adopted, and she also wanted to know who her biological parents were and why they had abandoned 
her. 
Was it because she was mute? 
Her brother said that when he found her, she was about four or five years old, had a fever, and after waking up, she couldn’t speak anymore. 
So, did her family not want her because she was mute?
Or because they were poor? 
She had thought of countless possibilities, never expecting to see something on the TV today related to her own identity… 
Thinking up to this point, she picked up her phone, hesitated for a long time, and finally sent a message to the other party: “Hello, I am the owner of that piece of jade, may I ask who you are?” 
The other party did not reply to the message for the time being. 
Nara stared at the phone, her hope gradually fading. 
It seemed her family didn’t want to recognize her either, right? 
That’s why they didn’t reply to her message promptly… 
Nara gave a wry smile. 
Then she suddenly saw a person entering through the front gate and immediately stood up-it was Keira. 
She walked up to Nara and said, “Did someone from Jackson deliver your pendant back to you last night?” 
Upon hearing this, Nara hesitated for a moment, then shook her head.
Keira’s expression immediately darkened. “Then I’ll go and get it back for you now!” 
Nara thought about it for a second, eventually nodding; knowing Keira could not understand sign language, she took out paper and pen to write it down, “I want to go with you.” 
The fact that the jade had been on the news meant it had come from Jackson; could this mean that her relatives were in the hospital, too? 
She wanted to check it out… 
Keira nodded and went in to greet Matias. 
Since Matias couldn’t walk yet, Keira asked him to stay at home. She then left with Nara. 
After the two left the alley, they saw a black sedan 
parked on the side of the road: Lewis was leaning 
11.25 
419 
against the car waiting for them. 
He was still dressed in casual attire, his demeanor relaxed, and his profound gaze fixed on Keira. His affectionate dark eyes seemed as if they wanted to draw her in. 
Sunlight poured in from behind him, casting a golden glow over him. 
For a moment, Keira was lost in a daze.
Lewis had truly transformed into a driver for her sake during this period, paying no mind to business affairs… 
She lowered her gaze, letting Nara take a seat in the 
back. 
Then she got into the front passenger seat. 
Nara was sitting in such a luxury car for the first time. She looked somewhat restless as she gazed at the clean leather cushions, clutching the corner of her clothes tightly. She then looked down at her dirty shoes, afraid of soiling the car. 
Keira seemed to sense her discomfort and made small talk. “Nara, is that pendant very important to you?” 
In a short while, Nara handed her a piece of paper that 
5/A 
read, “It was left to me by my parents. I was adopted by my brother.” 
Keira was startled when she read this. “What? Then don’t worry. I will definitely help you get it back!” 
Nara quickly replied, “Thank you.” 
Keira looked at her through the car’s rearview mirror. 
The girl sat there quietly, her clothes somewhat old but not dirty. She was a lovable girl.
Keira just curled her lips into a smile. 
Jackson was in a hospital that, while not publicly disclosed, was easy for Keira and Lewis to find out about if they wanted to. 
The car soon arrived at the hospital. 
Keira still had Lewis stay in the car while she took Nara 
upstairs. 
The two walked down the long corridor and finally found Jackson’s hospital room. 
Jackson was in a VIP room, and the corridor on that floor was rarely populated. It was very quiet. 
Nara followed Keira nervously and quickly arrived at 
1770 
the door. 
Austin was inside at the time, chatting with Jackson. 
Austin began anxiously. “Jackson, where exactly did. you get that jade piece? We’ve placed advertisements, and too many people have responded! We’re still screening one by one! If you get any information, you have to tell us fast!” 
As he spoke, several more messages popped up on his 
phone.
They were from people he didn’t know, who had mysteriously sent messages to him. 
Most of them were asking, “That jade piece is mine, when can we meet?” 
Others were inquiring, “I can provide information about the jade, can I get paid for it?” 
Jackson saw these and immediately said, “Austin, these messages are just trying to scam us for money…” 
Austin, without hesitation, replied, “How much money do you want?” 
As he answered, he said, “As long as we can find my sister, no amount of money is too much!” 
? 
Jackson was speechless. 
After Austin sent that message, he scrolled down 
further… 
At that moment, the door was suddenly pushed open, and Keira walked in with Nara confidently. 
Jackson, upon seeing them, immediately became anxious, yelling fearfully, “Keera, what are you doing here again?” 
Austin also sprang up. “Senior Sister, we’ve already left the Freeman Sect. You can’t come to reprimand us
anymore!” 
Keira, finding their reaction amusing, said, “I’m here to get something from Jackson!” 
Austin frowned. “What thing?” 
Keira looked toward Nara, “What is the specific pendant?” 
Nara took out paper and pen and wrote, “It’s a piece of jade, moon-shaped.” 
11.26 
###Chapter 436
Nara hadn’t even finished writing when Austin sneered. “Senior Sister, don’t push too far. Is it just a pendant? Do you need to be so anxious? Jackson is still seriously ill, and here you are at the hospital; that’s going too far!” 
Keira, with her arms folded, looked at him coldly. “That pendant was snatched from Nara by him, so returning it to its rightful owner is only just and fair.” 
Austin immediately stood in front of Jackson. “I said 
Jackson is still not well. Let’s talk when he’s 
recovered!” 
“Then what you say today doesn’t count.” 
Having said this, Keira loosened her shoulders and 
flexed her wrists. 
This action startled both Austin and Jackson. 
Austin even took a step back. “Senior Sister, don’t go too far! You clearly don’t respect the Gill family!” 
Prominent families cared about face. 
Even if Keira wanted something, she could have passed 
11 26 
a message, spoken some nice words, and asked for it to be returned-there was no need to barge in directly. 
Keira didn’t understand these rules; all she knew was that something of Nara’s had been stolen, and she 
intended to reclaim it! 
She stared at Austin. “So, you’re not planning to give back the item? Then don’t blame me for turning this place upside down!” 
Austin was immediately infuriated and somewhat intimidated by this senior sister of the Freeman Sect. 
He quickly shouted to Jackson. 
“Give it to her, Jackson, give her stuff back! Don’t argue 
with this madwoman!” 
He then sneered again. “I don’t know what’s so precious about it? You come knocking so persistently, so fervently-is it some kind of heirloom?” 
Nara hastily waved her hands. 
Austin scoffed. “Right, how could your family have an heirloom? You’re so poor!” 
Nara halted, and she sadly lowered her head.. 
Austin then turned to Jackson. “Give it to her!”
11.20 
Jackson took a deep breath and hurriedly exclaimed, “Alright, alright, your stuff is here!” 
After saying this, he gestured to someone nearby. 
A bodyguard promptly stepped forward with a bag and 
handed it to Nara. 
Nara accepted it, opened the bag, saw that it was her necklace, and breathed a sigh of relief. 
Keira asked, “Is it your item? 
Nara immediately nodded. 
Keira then said, “Alright, let’s go.” 
The two turned and headed for the door. Behind them, 
Austin cursed. “A bunch of paupers. It’s good that you are gone. You leave the smell of poverty in the 
sickroom!” 
Jackson’s gaze darkened. “Austin, Keera is from the Olsen family, not some pauper.” 
“I was cursing that mute at her side, what’s her name again?” 
Jackson immediately said, “Nara.”
“Right, I was cursing her! Chasing after a broken 
438 
Chapter 435 
pendant, even a mute who can’t speak dares to bully 
1. It’s infuriating!” 
As Nara reached the doorway, her steps faltered slightly, and his head hung even lower. 
Keira turned and glared at Austin. 
Austin stood his ground. “I’m talking about the mute. I didn’t mention you, Senior Sister. You’re not planning to control other people’s speech as well, are you?” 
Keira was about to say something, or turn around and give them a lesson, but Nara tugged at her arm and shook her head, leading Keira away. 
After the two left, Austin became angrier the more he thought about it. Standing up abruptly, he exclaimed, “I’ve never been humiliated like this in my life! This Keera is just too much!” 
Jackson immediately agreed, “Exactly, Austin, she’s way too arrogant. You must help me get revenge!” 
Austin complained, “How am I supposed to take revenge for you? In terms of status, she’s Miss Olsen, in terms of position, she’s the senior sister. Even if I wanted to find someone to hit her with a sneak attack, 
I’m afraid they’d end up being sent to take a beating
themselves, wouldn’t they?” 
Jackson’s heart was brooding and sinister. 
Seeing his demeanor, Austin couldn’t help but pat his. shoulder. “Alright, I know you like Keera, but she’s untouchable now. If you want another woman, I will find one for you!” 
Jackson glared at Austin with a dark expression. 
Untouchable? 
Clearly, as the son of the second branch, he wasn’t considered worth the Gill family’s effort. 
If it had been Austin who had been kicked and 
rendered infertile, he wondered if Lady Gill would fight to the death against the offender! 
After just spewing out some harsh words, she returned home without having done anything?! 
Jackson’s expression grew even darker, and suddenly he smirked, “Austin, you said it… Then I want that little mute girl!” 
Austin was startled, “The little mute girl? She looks quite pretty, though not stunning. What do you want 
her for?” 
Jackson lowered his gaze. “It was when I was onto her that Keera beat me. Now I can no longer be a man. Isn’t it fitting for such a lowly and poor wretch to 
come and serve me?” 
Austin frowned and scrutinized Jackson, “But she’s 
obviously already been taken under the wing of 
Keera…” 
Suddenly, Jackson said, “Austin, is there any news 
about our sister?” 
Upon hearing this, Austin remembered the merit Jackson had earned by finding the jade, and patted his shoulder. “Not yet, but with the Gill family 
broadcasting such a grand advertisement, it should be 
soon!” 
Austin’s heart tightened at the thought of his sister. 
He had searched for so many years, yearned for so long, and now the news of his sister had come through Jackson, and he should be grateful. 
Austin immediately assured him. “Don’t worry, I will definitely bring the little mute over to you! To let you vent this anger!” 
A alu smile of cohoming anoopss anroad noragg
11.26 
Jackson’s face.” 
Austin looked down and picked up his phone again. 
Suddenly, it seemed he saw something, and he stood. up straight away, his eyes wide with astonishment as he stared at his phone. 
Jackson asked, “Austin, what’s wrong?” 
Pointing at the phone, Austin suddenly burst into uproarious laughter, “I was just worrying about how to counter the Olsen family, and isn’t this the perfect opportunity?!” 
He handed the phone over to Jackson. 
Once Jackson saw the content, his eyes bulged, and he couldn’t help but burst into laughter as well. “Iit’s retribution, all retribution! I was crippled by Keera, but look, the Olsen family’s heir, Ellis, turns out to be 
infertile! Just as useless as me!” 
Austin suddenly said, “I’ve always said that Mary is a bitch, acting all high and mighty in front of me. You see? Ellis is infertile, yet she’s pregnant. Tell me, whose 
child is it?”
Jackson also began to laugh. 
719 
So, Keira took Nara’back home, and upon returning to the car, she saw Lewis with a worried frown. 
Keira asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Lewis sighed silently and handed her the phone. 
The screen displayed news from a media outlet controlled by the Gill family, releasing information about Ellis’s physical examination. 
The medical report for Ellis clearly stated: infertile 
patient! 
1 
Keira’s pupils constricted. 
Lewis immediately added. “This news has been confirmed by the hospital, and now all major media outlets are rushing to report on it. Within one hour, the Olsen family’s stock has fallen by two percent. If this isn’t managed, the drop will likely continue!” 
Keira clenched her fingers in anger. “The Gill family’s retaliation is just too vicious! This is a violation of my brother’s right to privacy!” 
Lewis nodded. “The Olsen family will certainly hold 
them accountable for this matter. But they’re not
11 26 
8.9 
afraid; at worst, they’ll just pay some compensation. What they want is to impact the Olsen family’s stock price… Keira, what are you thinking about?” 
Keira stared at the report. “I’m wondering, why is his 
result infertile?” 
11 
R 
> 
5
Terrible 
11
###Chapter 437
Lewis looked over. “Is there a problem?” 
Keira furrowed her brows. “I trust Mary, so since Mary could get pregnant, then Ellis’s report must be problematic…” 
Lewis frowned. “What could be wrong with it?” 
Keira looked at the report. “I don’t know, I’m not familiar with this area. Let’s hurry back home. I’m afraid Mary will be heartbroken if she sees it.” 
“Okay.” 
Lewis drove, and they quickly returned to the South residence. 
As they arrived at the entrance, they saw a large crowd gathered at the front door, and upon closer inspection, it turned out to be the Davis family. 
At that moment, Wayne stood at the entrance, angrily staring at Mary, and demanded, “Is this child really Ellis’s? What on earth is going on!” 
Mary looked at them, her fists clenched tightly. “Uncle, 
this is between me and Ellis. It has nothing to do with 
the Davis family!”
“How is it unrelated?!” 
Wayne sneered. “If this child is a lie, then we, the Davis family, have offended Ellis, and you’ve doomed us!” 
Wayne’s eyes darkened as he stared at Mary. 
Ever since their family had split, they were no longer part of the Davis family’s direct lineage, and their living standards began to fall, so he had wished for his niece to marry Ellis. 
Even though he had let her accompany men in drinking, he had never actually allowed her to sleep with anyone. 
They had a daughter of their own, but still, he gave the 
chance to meet Ellis to this most beautiful niece of his. 
And what happened? 
His niece wasn’t chosen, which was one thing, but then, on turning around, she somehow managed to hook up with Ellis by using god knows what methods. 
It had caused his position in the company to plummet! 
Mary was simply ungrateful and biting the hand that 
fed her!
Since she married Ellis, their lives should have been on the upswing, but instead, because of his niece’s hatred for him, he was now worse off than before! 
If only he had known his niece would turn out like 
this… 
He should never have introduced Ellis to her!! 
And now… 
Wayne took this opportunity, determined to take down. Mary! 
He stared at Mary, took a step forward, and lashed out. “Say something! I’m telling you to speak up!” 
Mr. Davis and Mrs. Davis had also arrived, both fixated on Mary, one anxious, the other filled with panic. “Mary, what on earth is going on? Is that report false? Why does the doctor say it’s true? If Ellis truly is infertile, then whose child are you carrying?” 
Mary looked at the three people in front of her. 
She suddenly felt her life was ridiculous. 
At this moment, her dearest family members were 
377 
actually putting reputation first! 
She closed her eyes in pain, and tears slid down from the corners of her eyes.
Mrs. Davis stepped forward and grabbed her by the shoulders. “Speak up! What’s going on with this child? If it’s not Ellis’s… our family is finished!” 
After saying this, the corners of her eyes moistened. 
Mary looked at her and gave a bitter smile. “How 
would it matter if the child is Ellis’s or not?” 
No sooner had these words fallen, Mrs. Davis blurted 
out, “How could it possibly be Ellis’s? No wonder I thought, from the engagement to the marriage, Ellis’s demeanor was all wrong, he was so reluctant… If it’s not his child, you have to get rid of it! How could the Olsen family ever allow you to keep this illegitimate child!” 
Mary listened to these words and laughed mockingly. 
She stared at Mrs. Davis and enunciated each word. 
“This child is Ellis’s. I have never done anything to betray him!” 
Mrs. Davis retorted. “If it’s his, then what’s that news 
about? The Olsen family has yet to clarify, and their 
stock has already fallen! Mary, how can you still be so stubborn?! Do you know how much the Olsen family’s stock has dropped? That’s a lot of money! Even if we – sold our house, we couldn’t pay it back!”
She was on the verge of tears. “If the relationship between the Davis family and the Olsen family is destroyed, the first branch of the family will never let us off the hook! What do we do? What do we do!” 
She was so anxious and was spinning in circles. She then suddenly grabbed Mr. Davis. “Should we just run away? Sell the house and leave the country!” 
Wayne immediately said, “Run away? Impossible! You are the ones who will have to take the fall! If my brother blames us, your family won’t be able to handle 
it!” 
No sooner had these words fallen, Mr. Davis retorted, “It was Mary who deceived Ellis. What does that have to do with us? We really didn’t know about this… If 
there’s blame, blame it on Mary, I’ll leave her here for 
you!” 
Upon hearing this, Mary’s pupils shrank sharply! 
507 
She was aware that her parents exploited her, but she never imagined they would use her to such an extent! 
At a time like this, their first reaction was to abandon 
her?!
She clenched her fists tightly and looked at them in disbelief. “Dad, Mom! How can you treat me like this!” 
“How have we treated you?” 
Mr. Davis glared at her. “It was because you were indiscreet and did such a thing!” 
Mrs. Davis also looked at he., “Mary, you and Ellis were husband and wife for some time, so there must be some feelings there, right? We believe they won’t cut you off completely, so just go ahead and get an abortion. That way, you can at least give the Olsen family an explanation…” 
6 
R 
3 
###Chapter 438
Mary listened to her parents and scoffed. 
Just then, Wayne said, “You are so naive. Mary dares to deceive the Olsen family, do you think the Olsens are pushovers?!” 
He stepped forward. “I think you should beat your daughter and the bastard in her belly to death, then go and apologize to the Olsen family! Maybe then the Olsens won’t hold the Davis family accountable!” 
Upon hearing this, Mr. Davis was dumbfounded. “Isn’t it enough to just terminate the pregnancy? Mary is an adult after all!” 
Mrs. Davis also said, “Yes, Mary is our daughter after all…” 
Wayne sneered. “There are plenty of daughters in the Davis family, but Mr. Ellis is the future heir to the Olsen family! You really are laughable, thinking you can still bargain with the Olsens?” 
Mrs. Davis immediately shouted, “Murder is illegal! At least give the child a way out!” 
Wayne roared at them. “I should give her a way out? When she was deceiving people, why didn’t she think about leaving us a way out?! Do you know how the first branch of the family will hold me accountable for this?!” 
He turned to Mary and raged. “Your uncle from the first branch of the family has made some private deal with the Olsen family to marry you off to them, what about you? Here you are, leading us on! The
bastard is someone else’s… huh, your Uncle Ken and I thought Ellis didn’t want to take responsibility for you, turns out we were the ones who got played! Mary, how can you be so shameless?!” 
After saying that, he stepped forward and reached out his hand, intending to hit Mary! 
Mary grabbed his wrist and pushed him away. 
Wayne glared at her and cursed, “How dare you be so disrespectful to your elders? You even dare to raise a hand against me!” 
Mary stared at him. “The Olsens haven’t said anything yet, and you’re already making a fuss here! How do you 
know the child isn’t Ellis’s?” 
11 20 
20 
Wayne sneered. “That medical report is real, the doctor has testified, Are you still being stubborn? Mary, you really are bringing shame to the Davis family, You must give us both families an explanation!!” 
Keira and Lewis walked over, frowning. 
Keira stepped in front of Mary. “Mary, don’t be afraid.” 
But Mary stood by Keira’s side with a stern face, no longer the compromising demeanor she once had with her parents. 
Mary glared at Wayne. “Don’t worry, I won’t affect you, nor will I affect the Davis family! From today on, I’m no longer a member of the Davis family!”
No sooner had she said this than Wayne responded, “That’s your saying! You can’t take anything from the Davis family, including the dowry the Davis family once gave you!” 
Mary clenched her fists. 
She looked at Wayne and her parents, recalling that in the Davis family, the only person who was ever kind to her, who had even a bit of affection for her, was perhaps Ken, her uncle from the first branch. 
11:2 
r 
Initially, Ken had staged a whole scene at the hotel just to force Ellis to marry her… Although there was some manipulation involved, Ken had been relatively good to 
her. 
At least Ken had never used her face for anything. 
She gave a bitter smile. “Fine, the Davis family has nothing to do with me!” 
Only then did Wayne breathe a sigh of relief, and Mr. Davis and Mrs. Davis frowned upon hearing this but ultimately said nothing. 
At that moment, several cars suddenly arrived. 
The first car bore Mr. and Mrs. Olsen and Ellis!
From the car behind them, Ken emerged. 
Ken approached Mr. and Mrs. Olsen with an apology, and as the younger generation, Ellis stayed slightly behind. Upon getting out of the car, he looked at Mary with an indescribable gaze, then clenched his jaw without speaking. 
Ken was apologizing to Mr. and Mrs. Olsen. “This incident is my fault for not investigating thoroughly, but we should still clarify matters between the 
youngsters… Mary is the Davis family’s child, and the Davis family won’t shirk responsibility. Let’s think of a solution together, see how we can diminish the scandal’s momentum, and minimize its impact on Olsen Group’s stocks.” 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen both had stern faces. 
Although they were both rational people who never interfered in affairs, as members of the Olsen family, they demanded respect. 
Since when had they been deceived to such a degree? 
Mrs. Olsen thought of the time when the rumor started, and Ellis immediately brought abortion pills to Mary, and as it turned out, this was the issue! 
With this in mind, Mrs. Olsen turned and glared at Ellis. This foolish son of hers had been wearing a cuckold’s horns without a word and foolishly helping Mary to cover it up. 
The matter needed to be handled well.
Hadn’t Ellis’s third brother never married or had 
children? There were plenty of brothers in the family, 
so it wouldn’t matter because later on, his own 
brother’s children could take care of him! 
11 
But to have things blow up to this extent, what a mess! 
Mrs. Olsen felt wronged for Ellis, so when she approached Mary, her expression turned sour. 
She looked at Mary. “Mary, ever since you married into our family, my husband and I have been good to you, how could you deceive my son like this? Who is the father of the child?! Today, you must give our family an explanation!” 
13 
View All 
R 
Terrible 
###Chapter 439
Mrs. Olsen was now certain that this child wasn’t 
Ellis’s. 
After all, since the report on Ellis’s azoospermia came out, she had dragged her son to another examination. 
They switched to another hospital and the anonymous test results still indicated azoospermia! 
One hospital might still have unreliable aspects, but four hospitals couldn’t possibly all have problems at the same time, could they?! 
She was truly infuriated. 
Now, looking at Mary, she couldn’t help but see every flaw in her, disgusted by her very appearance. 
Mr. Olsen was also frowning, hands behind his back, 
“The fact that Ellis is ill, you probably didn’t know about, right? So you still plan to palm us off with a changeling and tamper with the Olsen family’s bloodline! Mary, we cannot let this matter slide easily!” 
If they didn’t handle it seriously, would everyone follow suit in the future, doubting the paternity of 
11.26 
every child born in the family and requiring a DNA confirmation? 
If things went on like this, the marital relationship would be gone!
Therefore, it was necessary to nip the problem in the bud right from the start. 
Mary looked at them and could only laugh at the absurdity. 
Did she not know if she had messed around or with whom she had slept? 
It was ridiculous that they would never believe her. 
She looked again at Ellis, only to see the man with a cold face, emanating a chilling aura. 
Ellis was furious. 
Now, people were mocking him online, ridiculing him for being cuckolded and his impotence, and even mocking his love for horse riding, telling him to carry 
on! 
Originally, if he hadn’t married, he could have hidden this condition, but having gotten married and caused a pregnancy scandal, he felt utterly humiliated in front 
13 26 – 
of everyone! 
Ellis was raised by Uncle Olsen, and inherently carried some chauvinistic attitudes. 
From childhood, he was known as a defiant figure throughout Clance. When had he ever been made fun of for being “inadequate”?! 
Angry at Mary, he wanted to see her embarrassed.
But when he heard his parents interrogating her like this, and saw her looking at him, his heart suddenly softened a bit. 
He didn’t speak. 
Seeing that he hadn’t spoken as she expected, Mary simply smiled faintly. 
She said, “What do you want from me? A divorce? I can do that.” 
Her casual attitude infuriated everyone all the more. 
Wayne shouted angrily, “Mary, what kind of attitude is that? Kneel down immediately and apologize to Mrs. Olsen and Mr. Olsen! Especially to Mr. Ellis, you must get him to forgive you!” 
37 
Mary didn’t move. 
Mr. Davis immediately came over to drag her. “Mary, hurry up, don’t bring disaster upon us!” 
Mrs. Davis, being a mother, turned around and knelt on the floor, kowtowing to Mr. and Mrs. Olsen. “In- laws, Mary knows she was wrong. She just momentarily lost her senses; it was the Davis family who kept pressuring her to marry into a prominent family that she took this wrong path. Please forgive her this once!” 
Mrs. Olsen, hearing this, thought the allegations were 
true.
After all, Mary wasn’t someone she had watched grow up, and she believed that any mother would knew their 
own child. 
Mrs. Olsen became even more angry. “So it’s true. Forgive her? Who will forgive my son?!” 
She simply couldn’t imagine what Ellis would face when he stepped outside! 
What kind of mockery he would have to endure! 
Mrs. Olsen clutched her chest, looking at Ken, “Mr. 
11 27 
Davis, is this how your family explains things to ours?” 
Ken sighed, “Well, I…” 
Before he could finish, Wayne had already spoken. “Ken, Mary just said it. She’ll leave the Davis family, and we will disown her, that should be enough!” 
This statement made Ken frown. “Don’t be stupid!” 
He glanced at Mary and then said, “The Davis family rises and falls together; Mary, explain yourself properly. Is the child Ellis’s or not?” 
Upon hearing this, Mary’s eyes slightly welled up.
With so many people around, finally someone was willing to give her a chance to defend herself. 
She stepped out from behind the crowd and came in front of them, then smiled and began. “The rumors out there talk about my messy private life, but Uncle, don’t you know? Have I ever been slept with anyone else?” 
This question was directed at Wayne. 
Wayne immediately frowned. 
Indeed, whenever he took Mary out to socialize, he harbored certain intentions, but since Mary was so 
1127 
beautiful and he wanted to sell her for a high price, he really hadn’t let her sleep around. 
But at this very moment, these were words that he 
absolutely could not utter… 
Wayne sneered. “Whenever I took you out, I certainly made sure to protect you, but how would I know about your private life?! If you didn’t do anything to wrong Mr. Ellis, then how did the child in your womb come to 
be?” 
Mary didn’t expect him to be so shameless. Her chest heaved again. 
She clenched her fists tightly.
After a long while, she looked at Ken. “I haven’t been promiscuous, and the father of the child is Ellis!” 
“But Ellis’s medical report…” 
Ken knitted his brows. 
Mary took a deep breath. “I don’t know what’s going on. I don’t understand why it’s like this! But I’m sure, Ellis is the only man I’ve been with!” 
Her eyes reddened, and she looked firmly at Ellis. “Today, I’m three months pregnant. Since none of you 
believe me, let’s go to the hospital right now and have 
án amniocentesis!” 
“Yes, yes, let’s have an amniocentesis!” Mrs. Davis said 
when she heard this. “Once it’s done, won’t we know 
for sure if the child is Ellis’s or not?” 
$ 
R 
6 
> 
B 
Terrible
###Chapter 440
As these words were spoken, everyone present was momentarily taken aback. 
Mrs. Olsen looked at Mary, puzzled, “Do you dare to go with us for amniocentesis?” 
Mary’s chin tilted slightly upward. “I have never done anything to wrong the Olsen family, what is there to fear?!” 
Mrs. Olsen then became suspicious. “Could it be that this child is really… 
“Enough!” 
Suddenly, Ellis roared, bypassing several elders to step forward. 
He walked straight up to Mary, staring at her intensely, then suddenly grabbed her chin, forcing her to lift her 
head and look at him. 
Upon seeing this, Keira immediately stepped forward. “Ellis, let go!” 
However, Mary waved her off. “Keera, you don’t need to worry about me.” 
11.27 
Mary took hold of Ellis’s hand herself and forcefully pushed him away.
Ellis’s eyes reddened as he stared fixedly at her. “Even 
now, you insist this child is mine… Mary, do you have any idea how you’ve made me the laughing stock of all of Clance?!” 
Mary bit her lip and remained silent. 
Ken stepped forward. “Mr. Ellis, let’s not take out our 
emotions. It’s better to settle the matter first. There 
are two options now, one is to announce to the public that Mary is not pregnant, that the pregnancy was a misunderstanding, and then quietly take care of the 
child. The second is… divorce.” 
Before Ellis could speak, Mary immediately said, “I choose the second option.” 
Ellis was taken aback, then his expression turned even 
darker. 
He stared at Mary, unable to understand why she had such deep feelings for someone else’s child to the point of being so resolute!! 
Ken then looked at Ellis. “Mr. Ellis, what do you think? 
If it’s a divorce the Dovia family will admit our mistake 
217
publicly, and hold a press conference saying it’s our fault for not supervising our daughter well, and that this has nothing to do with the Olsen family.” 
you 
These words made Wayne shout, “Ken, how can this? Our family’s reputation will also be destroyed. How will you explain it to our shareholders when the time comes?” 
“Shut your mouth!” 
do 
After scolding him, Ken once again turned to Mary, his voice heavy. “You’re a part of the Davis family, even after splitting households, I never planned to disown you! Since you married into the Olsen family 
representing the Davis family, if something happens, we cannot just stand by!” 
He looked at Ellis again. “Mr. Ellis, which option do you choose?” 
Ellis’s gaze dropped, and the fingers in his pocket tightened slightly before he slowly said, “If we divorce, wouldn’t it be telling the world that I was indeed cuckolded?!” 
Leaving that hanging, he continued. “Therefore, the first option is the best choice for both families!” 
440 
for 439
This made Ken immediately overcome with gratitude. “Mr. Ellis, you’re so generous! The first option is indeed the best way for our families to deal with the media! It’s just you who has to bear the brunt.” 
Ellis looked at Ken without saying a word. 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen, however, said, “Ellis, you don’t have to compromise for the sake of the family! Life is long, and if you hold a grudge against Mary, it might be better to separate.” 
Ellis didn’t say anything. 
He glanced at his parents, then back at Mary, and then said fiercely, “Let’s go with the first option. I never planned to marry in this life anyway. She schemed against me, so she must pay the price! I want her to spend her life trapped in the Olsen family as her 
penance!” 
Upon hearing this, Mr. Olsen disagreed. “Ellis, marriage is not child’s play, nor a tool for holding grudges. You might as well let her go and free yourself as well!” 
Mrs. Olsen also nodded. “Given how things are, I think it’s better to let each other go.” 
Η 
…. 
417 
440 napter 439 
Ellis immediately shouted, “Why should I? She has humiliated me so much, let’s settle it this way!” 
After saying this, he turned to look at Mary.
The mere thought of Mary choosing the second option, wanting to leave him, made him feel like he was about to explode in anger! 
He realized that he had fallen for Mary… 
But how could she be so heartless? 
While Ellis was thinking, Mary had already lowered her head, a bitter smile crossing her face. It took a moment before she looked up again at Ellis. “I want to 
have the amniocentesis.” 
Ellis asked, “Why humiliate yourself like this?” 
“Won’t we know whether it’s self-humiliation after it’s 
done?!” 
Mary’s voice remained calm, having grown accustomed to such doubts and suspicions. 
As Ellis wanted to say more, suddenly a group of 
reporters, appearing out of nowhere, ran over with cameras pointed at them. 
Someone passed a microphone forward. “Mr. Olsen, Miss Davis, why are both your families gathered here?” 
“Is it because of the azoospermia issue mentioned
online?” 
“If Mr. Olsen has azoospermia, how did this child come about?” 
“Could you give us an explanation for the media?” 
 
“Mr. Ellis, did you marry Miss Davis willingly, or was it a familial arrangement?” 
“Miss Davis, your child must have been conceived before marriage, right? After all, I remember you’ve only been married for two months…” 
“With the Olsen family’s stock price plummeting so fiercely, Mr. Ellis, is there anything you’d like to say?” 
“Mr. Ellis, is your azoospermia due to years of horseback riding? If you have no descendants in the future, will you still be the heir to the Olsen family?” 
“Mr. Ellis, can I ask a personal question? Are azoospermia patients incapable in that regard?” 
“Mr. Ellis…”
###Chapter 441
Reporters swarmed the South residence, quickly trending the news of how Ellis and the Davis family members were cornered there. 
In the hospital. 
Austin was leisurely sitting in the sofa, legs crossed, while Jackson was still in bed recuperating. Suddenly, Austin sprung to his feet, excitedly pointing at his phone. 
“Did you arrange those reporters?” 
Jackson was taken aback, “No.” 
Why would he arrange for reporters? 
His goal was revenge and to take down the Olsen family. It was enough that the incident trended and the Olsen family’s stock was falling. Why would he waste money on arranging for reporters? 
Austin was confused. “If it wasn’t you, then who did?” 
Few knew that Mary was staying at the South 
residence. Even Austin didn’t know she wasn’t living in 
the Olsen’s. 
< 
After all, they were newlyweds. Who would have 
thought she would move out? 
So someone must have arranged it! 
Otherwise, how could the reporters have found her so accurately? 
Jackson looked at him and said abruptly, “Do you still have the number that sent you the hospital report that day?” 
Austin immediately took out his phone, scrolled through it, found the number, and dialed, only to receive the message, “Hello, the number you have dialed is not in service…” 
Austin frowned. “It’s a dead number; I’ll get someone to look up the owner.”” 
Jackson rolled his eyes. 
Did he even need to check? 
It was obviously an unregistered number! 
Indeed, it didn’t take long for Austin to get the information. It was an unregistered SIM card. 
Austin laughed. “It seems someone hates Ellis more 
than we do! Having reporters interview him, that’s a man’s ultimate humiliation! If I were interviewed for being impotent, I’d rather be dead!” 
As soon as he said this, Jackson’s face twitched involuntarily. 
He subconsciously looked toward a certain part of himself that was now missing… 
Compared to being infertile, his condition seemed 
even more serious, didn’t it? 
But he dared not get angry. 
He had no choice. Austin was the favored legitimate son of the first branch, while he was just from the second. Ever since his uncle took charge of the Gill family, his father had told him never to fall out with the first branch. 
Jackson clenched his fingers tightly. 
Austin could speak without any consideration for his feelings. That last remark was particularly grating! 
At this moment, Ellis’s face was darkened. 
The usually unruly and defiant figure was now the picture of calm and collected, resembling the steady mien of a future Olsen family head.
He was always like this. 
He might seem capricious and unreliable, but if that were truly the case, Uncle Olsen would not have 
chosen him. 
Not feel humiliated? 
How could he not? 
It was just that they were able to keep their emotions from showing on their faces. 
The reporters passed along even more unpleasant words. 
“Mr. Ellis, is your infertility really caused by horseback riding? Could it actually be hereditary? After all, Uncle Olsen doesn’t seem to have any children either…” 
Ellis’s eyes instantly became sharp as he looked toward the speaker. “Which newspaper are you from? 
410 
< 
It’s fine to ask me, but why involve my elder? Is the 
Olsen family’s reputation something you can smear at 
will?”
He turned directly to his assistant who was always by his side. “Remember him, have the lawyers of the Olsen Group sue him for tarnishing my uncle’s reputation!” 
The reporter’s face immediately turned pale, but he still straightened his neck and retorted, “Mr. Ellis, this is unreasonable of you. I’m just putting forth a conjecture. Besides, everyone knows that Uncle Olsen 
has never had children…” 
The surrounding reporters nodded in agreement. 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen, standing to the side, both changed in expression, and even Ken furrowed his brows. 
Ellis might just be the future heir of the Olsen family, but the stocks were already sliding. 
Uncle Olsen was the Family Head, and if such news were to break, the stocks would definitely plummet even further! 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen were about to step forward to explain. 
5.9 
< 
Ellis just sneered. “Who says my uncle doesn’t have 
children? Just a few days ago, our family had a reunion banquet where we acknowledged Uncle Olsen’s long-lost daughter. Don’t you know about this?”
After speaking, he turned to his secretary. “We made it 
very public without any secrecy. Are you not 
well-informed? Or is it that…” 
Ellis’s voice suddenly became stern. “You only report the negative news about our family, not a single piece of good news? As journalists, is this how you chase 
after rumors?” 
The reporter was left speechless by his questioning. 
However, the other reporters, after a slight pause, no longer dared to attack Uncle Olsen and continued to question Ellis. 
“Then Mr. Ellis, is your infertility report real?” 
Ellis looked at the person who spoke and said, “That is my privacy, don’t I have the right to keep it 
confidential?” 
After that, he chuckled. 
However, the reporter was not ready to give up and 
continued to inquire, “If your infertility is true, then whose child is Miss Mary carrying? Could you please give us an explanation? Right now, everyone is paying attention to this matter.”
Ellis frowned and said, “I think what everyone should be more concerned about is the future development plans of the Olsen family, not my personal matters! The Olsen family will soon implement a series of measures, including the development of new energy, Al intelligence, as well as conducting in-depth research on autonomous driving. We have already achieved very good results. Additionally…” 
Ellis looked toward a certain camera. “This month, we will launch a new electric car, and I myself drive that model. It comes in various colors, with excellent safety features. I hope everyone pays more attention to the products of the Olsen Group!” 
This speech left the reporters stunned. 
Wait, wasn’t this a PR crisis? How come he was 
treating this like a press conference?! 
But Ellis’s move indeed halted the downward trend of the Olsen Group’s stocks. 
1127 
779 
< 
Keira, standing by his side, also raised her eyebrows. 
With everyone’s attention on this scandal, the interest was at its peak. Was Ellis… riding the wave of his own popularity for free?! 
Uncle Olsen trained him to be his successor, and this
man certainly lived up to the expectations! 
Lewis commented, “This round of PR could be a case study in public relations, worth learning for all PR departments.” 
Keira, who usually focused on scientific research, also nodded in agreement upon hearing this. 
Ellis’s PR campaign was very powerful even if in the end it proved an Olsen family scandal, the higher the scandal’s temperature, the more free advertising it brought to the Olsen Group. 
Ellis won brilliantly. 
The reporters, after being dumbfounded for a moment, snapped back to reality and promptly asked again. 
“Mr. Ellis, we are still very interested to know, is your marriage to Miss Mary authentic? Is her child yours?” 
11 27 
89
###Chapter 442
As soon as these words were uttered, everyone turned their gaze to Ellis.” 
The journalists immediately asked more questions. 
“That’s right, Mr. Ellis, we came here today for this matter, so stop advertising for your company!” 
“Mr. Ellis, do you have azoospermia?” 
“Is Miss Davis’s child yours?” 
The series of question after question made Ellis tighten his jaw, and he looked toward Mary. 
It wasn’t until a moment later that he spoke. “Azoospermia was the result of the examination, but I have been receiving treatment recently. As for the child… of course, it’s mine. My wife and I have always been deeply in love; please don’t believe the rumors 
out there.” 
After saying these words, he walked over to Mary and grabbed her arm. 
Mary looked at him. 
1512 
After a moment, she pursed her lips and walked together with him toward the journalists. 
Mary knew that this was something she, as the wife of
– 
Ellis, should do always maintain a glamorous image in public. 
She had seen it all her life. Couples from wealthy 
families were like that. 
No matter how severely husband and wife quarreled privately, they always appeared close and affectionate in public. 
Uncle Ken was like that. Both he and his wife had 
affairs. At home, they quarreled to the point of drawing 
knives on each other. 
But as soon as they heard journalists were coming for an interview, they could immediately transform into a 
loving couple. 
These were their basic skills. 
Wearing an appropriate smile, Mary joined Ellis in front of the journalists. 
Ellis turned sideways, bent over, and patted her head. “My wife and I share a harmonious relationship, unlike 
what the rumors suggested. I hope everyone won’t spread false information. Please don’t focus too much on our personal lives. We should be focusing more on my company’s strategies.” 
This statement made the journalists cast doubtful glances at him. 
Someone put it bluntly. “Mr. Ellis, if you have azoospermia, how could the child possibly be yours?” 
“Recently, we heard about a scandal in your circles involving Miss Davis. Are you two really that 
affectionate?” 
Ellis replied indifferently. “We are. The scandal is a fabrication. I believe you’ve also heard the clarification 
from Mr. Austin Gill’s clarification.” 
Seeing they couldn’t get more out of Ellis, someone shifted the focus to Mary. 
“Miss Davis, do you really love Mr. Ellis? Is your union with him an arranged marriage? We all know that there are some messy affairs within wealthy families… Your marriage to him was for the sake of the family, right?” 
Hearing that Ellis frowned about to speak but Marv 
said, “I married him because it was an arranged 
marriage.” 
The journalists were instantly stunned.
Everyone turned their astonished gazes toward Mary. 
Ellis’s expression darkened as well. 
But just when everyone was excited, thinking they had caught hold of the couple’s weakness, they heard Mary speak again, “But it’s also because I love him.” 
Everyone was taken aback. 
Ellis was flabbergasted as well. 
Everyone turned their gaze to Mary and saw a smile on 
her face. 
For some reason, that smile seemed a bit sad. She slowly looked down at the journalists below, then back at Ellis, and said slowly, “I fell in love with him when I was 18 years old. 
“I remember it was a summer when I recklessly 
offended someone I shouldn’t have provoked. That day after school, a group of them cornered me in an alley, intending to beat me, when Ellis stepped in.” 
Back then, Ellis had a lollipop in his mouth and was 
leaning lazily against a wall with a game console in his hand. He looked over at that gang of thugs and said in a measured tone, “You’re so noisy. All of you should
shut up.” 
Then, after a casual glance at them, he coolly added, “Don’t force me to beat you up.” 
He leaned against the wall, and the setting sun in the distance cast a warm glow over him with its red beams. 
Even now, Mary still remembered Ellis’s appearance that day vividly. 
Mary said earnestly, “From that day on, that daring and willful boy, who seemed like a little devil in the e of others, took residence in my heart. 
“I know everyone has some misunderstandings abo him, thinking he’s the unapproachable Mr. Ellis of the Olsen family, but to me, he has always been that 
courageous young man. 
“All these years, Ellis hasn’t really changed.” 
Mary didn’t look at Ellis, but her words made him 
haritato 
15.12 
Ellis stared at Mary, struggling to remember the incident she was talking about; he didn’t even remember having such a past. 
When he was young, he was indeed a troublemaker and would speak up against injustice.
The way Mary was speaking at the moment gave him an odd illusion. 
He felt that Mary loved him. 
This illusion suddenly filled him with excitement. 
Because of this illusion, he even felt he could tolerate her having another man’s child… 
Ellis was deep in thought when he heard the reporters start to speak. “Miss Davis, you don’t have to fabricat any love stories here. We all know what’s going on with you and Mr. Ellis; it’s just a shotgun wedding, right? However, Mr. Ellis’s medical report shows that he has been diagnosed with azoospermia, so Miss Davis, is the child really Mr. Ellis’s?” 
Upon hearing this, Mary looked again at Ellis. 
She suddenly smirked. “It’s his.” 
Ellis clenched his iaw and didn’t say a word. 
) 
B/B 
The reporters immediately started to challenge her. 
“How could it be his?” 
“The doctor’s diagnosis clearly states that he has 
azoospermia. Miss Davis, are you lying without even looking at the report?” 
“Miss Davis, there are rumors that you’ve been involved with many men. Is that true?”
“Mr. Ellis, can you tolerate her? Or are you planning to accept this child for the sake of the Olsen family’s reputation? Do you really intend to raise another 
man’s child?” 
Ellis’s expression darkened as he listened, and he was about to say something when he heard Mary intervene. “I have a way to prove the child is Mr. El 
Ellis was taken aback, suddenly getting a bad feeling 
And sure enough, she said, “I never knew why spouses had to prove who the real father is, but now, with everyone doubting and questioning, I am willing to do a public DNA test!” 
As soon as these words came out, the scene instantly 
15.12 
erupted into commotion. 
Wayne blurted out without thinking. “Mary, have you gone mad?! How can you do a DNA test under these circumstances?” 
After those words were shouted, the reporters immediately seized upon them. 
“May I ask why she can’t have one?” 
“Is it because the child isn’t Ellis’s?”
Mary looked at them with a cold laugh and then turned to Ellis. “Let’s go to the hospital now.” 
16 
1 
R 
8 
> 
田 
###Chapter 443
All the reporters on the scene seemed to have caught wind of some juicy gossip. 
The Davis family had personally claimed that it was not suitable for Mary to undergo a paternity test. Members of both families had gathered here, and it was clear there was a matter at hand! 
The journalists immediately crowded in, not looking at Mary but turning their attention toward Wayne. 
“Mr. Davis, why can’t they do the paternity test? What is the condition Miss Davis is in?” 
“Is Mr. Ellis not the father?” 
Seeing this, Wayne attempted to say something, but Ken instantly glared at him, frightening him into 
silence. 
Ken then smiled and stepped in front of the reporters, stating plainly, “The child is certainly Mr. Ellis’s. There is no doubt about that. There’s no need for everyone to react to gossip.” 
L 
“Then why did Mr. Wayne reject the suggestion?” 
Ken frowned, “Because… Because…” 
“Because of what?”
As Ken was racking his brains for a reason, a deep voice suddenly rang out. “Because May is just three months pregnant, and there’s a high risk involved with amniocentesis at this stage!” 
Ellis walked over to Mary’s side and took her hand once more, his face showing tender concern as he looked at her, but his eyes were void of warmth. “Mary, I know you don’t want others to doubt me, but for the baby’s safety, we don’t need to take this risk.” 
After Ellis finished speaking, he tightened his gri Mary’s hand, his gaze conveying a dangerous mes -it was clear he was warning her not to disgrace herself. 
Mary forced a smile. 
She tried to free her hand from Ellis’s grip, her eyes showing determination. “Ellis, I think people can’t wait until I’m safe to have the paternity test. If we don’t proceed to clear your name, you may live under 
mimors and alandora” 
C 
She took a step back and looked at the reporters 
again. “I’d like to ask the journalists to accompany me to the hospital now.” 
Ellis clenched his fists tightly, staring at her. 
After a moment, he gave a bitter smile. “Since you’ve made up your mind, let’s do it. Let’s go to the hospital right now!” 
Having said that, he stepped aside, gesturing toward the nearby car.
Mary nodded and turned to walk in that direction. 
At that moment, another reporter spoke up. 
“Mr. Ellis, you’re not going to your hospital, are you?” 
“If it’s your hospital, then the child will be declared yours regardless, and we all know what that means. Even if a paternity test is conducted, it wouldn’t mean anything…” 
“Exactly, in your own hospital, any kind of proof can be forged!” 
Ellis indeed had that intention just now. 
378 
But now that the reporters had pointed it out, there was no time for him to find another hospital to help create a fake report. 
He frowned, about to speak, when Mary cut in. “Don’t worry. We won’t go to our hospital. We’ll go to a public hospital for the test to avoid any tampering. I believe the closest suitable hospital to us is the First Maternity and Child Health Hospital. Let’s go there!” 
The First Maternity and Child Health Hospital is a public hospital in Clance, and although the people from the five major families all have power and influence, they couldn’t arrange anything in such a 
short time. 
The journalists immediately nodded.
Ellis had indeed driven the Olsen Group’s new today, a motorhome that could seat many people 
After Mary and Ellis got in, Mr. Olsen and Mrs. Olse immediately followed them and also boarded the 
vehicle. 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a glance. 
The motorhome was too crowded; they’d better drive 
there on their oum 
418 
As for the Davis family, they got into their own cars, and together with the reporters, the whole entourage made their way to the First Maternity and Child Health Hospital. 
Inside the Olsen family’s car. 
Mrs. Olsen was frowning at Ellis. “Ellis, what exactly is going on here? Is the child really yours?” 
Ellis didn’t speak. 
Mrs. Olsen seemed to understand something and turned to Mary. “Mary, what’s going on with you? If the child isn’t Ellis’s, making such a fuss about going to the First Maternity and Child Health Hospital will put the Olsen family in a difficult spot.” 
Mr. Olsen immediately said, “It’s probably too late to make any arrangements now because there are so many journalists and media watching. They certainly have people waiting at the hospital, and if we do anything, they’ll discover it. What should we do now?”
Ellis pursed his lips and also looked at Mary. 
He scoffed. “What exactly are you doing? Mary, my patience with you is limited!!” 
( 
Mary looked down without meeting his gaze and 
turned toward Mr. and Mrs. Olsen. “I have a perfect 
solution.” 
After that, she took two divorce agreements out of her bag and placed them on the coffee table. 
She addressed Mr. and Mrs. Olsen. “Have Ellis sign his name here. Once the test result is out, if the child isn’t his, then we can announce publicly using this 
document that he and I have already divorced. In this way, it would only prove my misconduct, and the Olsen Group wouldn’t be involved.” 
These words stunned Mrs. Olsen. 
She looked at Mary in astonishment, suddenly unabl 
to comprehend what this young woman was really up 
1. 
She couldn’t help but turn to Ellis again. “That 
azoospermia report, is it true? How many hospitals did you check with?” 
Ellis said slowly, “Three.” 
These words took Mrs. Olsen aback. 
Mr. Olsen then angrily said, “Then why didn’t you say it 
earlier? Last time, when you made Mary have an abortion, you were quite tight-lipped! How could our family possibly raise someone else’s child? Since you’ve been diagnosed with azoospermia, then sign this divorce agreement!” 
Ellis clenched his jaw and then said, “I didn’t bring a 
pen.” 
He always carried a fountain pen in his pocket for signing documents; this excuse was pathetically unacceptable. 
Mr. Olsen scoffed, right about to speak… 
“I have one.” 
Mary took out a pen from her bag and handed i Ellis. She gazed at the divorce agreement in fron her and said slowly, “I’ve already signed my name. just need to sign yours.”
Those words made Ellis’s eyes suddenly turn red with anger as he looked at Mary, his voice shaking imperceptibly. “You want to divorce me that badly?!” 
Mary was taken aback and remained silent. 
Mr. Olsen, however, said, “Ellis, sign it! For the 
718 
reputation of the Olsen Group, you can’t be a cuckold man! Otherwise, the Olsen family will become a laughingstock! The Olsen empire that your third uncle worked so hard to build will also become a subject of- 
ridicule!” 
Ellis stared at the agreement in front of him and, after a long while, finally picked them up and signed his 
name. 
19 
R 
6
15 13 
###Chapter 444
1. 
2. ? 
3. 
4. ? 
5. 
My Accidental Husband is a Billionaire CHAPTER 444 
Posted by AdminHs, 552 Views, Released on June 3, 2024
Options 
WhatsApp 
444 Chapter 443 
After Ellis had signed his name, he stared at the 
agreement. 
While he hesitated, one of the copies had already been 
taken by Mary. 
With her gaze lowered, Mary carefully placed the divorce agreement into her bag, then turned to look out the window. 
Seeing Ellis’s distracted appearance, Mrs. Olsen couldn’t help but sigh silently. 
The Olsens had a reputation for being emotional, something she had known for a long time. 
Sam remained unmarried because he was always thinking about Jodie South. 
Even her husband was wholeheartedly devoted to her. Ellis’s behavior clearly showed that he has feelings for 
Mary. 
He had even gone to the extent of acknowledging the child for Mary’s sake. 
Only it was a pity… 
444 Chapter 443 
Ultimately, the two of them weren’t meant to be. 
In all other matters; concessions could be made, but the child had caused such a commotion. If it were simply acknowledged… 
Mr. Olsen also frowned, unable to refrain from chastising Mary. “Mary, haven’t we been good to you? How could you do such a thing? Ellis, why didn’t you let her uncle beat her to death back then? Instead, you were forced into agreeing to this marriage! Have you lost your mind?” 
Mary kept her head down, saying nothing. 
Ellis also frowned and remained silent. 
For a moment, no one spoke. 
Nobody noticed that Ellis’s hand was tightly clenched into a fist, and his whole body was exuding a chilling 
coldness! 
The car soon arrived at the hospital. 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen got out of the car, about to say something, when they saw Ellis suddenly close the door and shout at the driver. “Get out!” 
The driver was taken aback and involuntarily got out 
444 Chapter 443 
of the car. 
Ellis then locked the doors, making it impossible to open from the outside. 
His eyes turned bloodshot as he looked at Mary. 
Mary stared at him. “What are you doing?” 
Ellis’s voice was muffled. “Is this paternity test 
necessary?” 
Mary was taken aback. 
Ellis let out a cold laugh. “What? Before, when the child didn’t have a father, you thought of me as the perfect sucker. Now you’re so eager to shake me off. Is it because the child’s father has come back? Or du 
get back in touch with him?” 
Mary said, “I didn’t… Mmph!” 
Ellis swallowed the rest of her words. 
A surge of uncontrollable desire filled Ellis’s chest. He was so angry that he felt he was going to erupt right 
there and then! 
Mary struggled to push him away, “Ellis, let go of me,
you…” 
15.13 
378 
444 Chapter 443 
But Ellis didn’t care at all and bit her lips hard! 
He kissed her fiercely… 
It was as if he wanted to devour her! 
Outside, Mr. and Mrs. Olsen looked inside, trying to see what was going on, but the car windows were tinted with special film. From the inside, one could see out, but from the outside, one couldn’t make out what was happening. 
Mrs. Olsen knocked on the window. “Ellis, what are you doing?” 
Ellis didn’t respond to her and was insistently in control of Mary, frantically wanting to possess 
Mary pushed Ellis away. “Ellis, let me go! You’re There are reporters everywhere. Let go of me!” 
But Ellis just stared at her and sneered coldly, “Do want to leave me for that bastard? Mary, do you thi would let you get away so easily?” 
Mary panicked. “Ellis, we just signed the divorce agreement!” 
“So what?!” 
15.13
Ellis’s large hand was pressed on Mary’s abdomen. He applied a slight force, and Mary’s pupils contracted. “Ellis, what are you doing?!” 
“Since you’re leaving me because of this child, then… let the child disappear!” 
After saying that, Ellis began to press down harder! 
This action made Mary’s eyes widen in terror, and she begged for mercy. “Ellis, let go of me! This child is yours!” 
“Three test reports all said azoospermia, and you’re still lying now?” 
Ellis glared at her. “Do you know when I went to th hospitals for the tests, I felt like a joke! Mary, I beli your damned lies!” 
He asked furiously through clenched teeth, “Don’t you love me? Didn’t you tell the reporters that story with genuine affection? So, for my sake, why don’t you get rid of this baby?!” 
Mary cried. “Ellis, you bastard!!” 
Ellis sneered. “Yes, I’m a bastard! I admit it, Mary. I’m telling you, I want you, so you can’t keep this child! 
SIR 
Today, I won’t show mercy anymore!” 
Feeling the increased pressure of his hand, Mary cried out in pain. “Ellis, no, this child is yours… I’m telling the truth!”
“You don’t need to try to fool me… I know you’re waiting for Keera and Lewis to come to your rescue, but it’s useless. They can’t get here in time…” 
Suddenly, Ellis pressed her legs down with his body and took out a white pill from his pocket. “I’ve asked the doctors. After taking this, you won’t feel any pain, and the child will come out quickly. Mary, without this child, we will have no more complications. If you like children, we can adopt one later. If you really wan have children, then we can help you choose a qua one from a sperm bank… 
“But not this bastard!” 
After leaving those words, Ellis opened Mary’s mouth and fed the pill into her! 
Mary tried desperately to spit out the pill, but Ellis covered her mouth with his palm, and the pill slipped straight down her throat, leaving her no chance to spit it out! 
678 
In pain and despair, she looked at the frantic Ellis and beat fiercely against him with her hands while a wailing plea escaped her muffled mouth… 
But it was all to no avail. 
Ellis had made up his mind and wouldn’t give up! 
It seemed forever before Mary finally swallowed the pill… 
Only then did Ellis let go of her mouth. 
The moment he released her, Mary immediately pushed him away and started to gag. 
But it was no use…
All was in vain… 
Mary’s tears flowed uncontrollably, and her face full of despair! 
She glared at Ellis with anger and resentment! 
Her whole body was trembling, and she vaguely felt a heavy, painful sensation in her lower abdomen… 
Mary cried out loud, “Ellis, you will regret this!” 
“I won’t.” 
718 
444 Chapter 445 
Ellis looked at her firmly. “I’d rather have you hate me for a lifetime than let you go!” 
Clutching her fists tightly, Mary said, “Can we do the 
paternity test now?” 
21 
R 
6 
Terrible 
8.8 
My Accidental Husband is a Billionaire 
Score 9.9 
Status: Ongoing Type: Released: 6/1/2024 Native Language: English 
My Accidental Husband is a Billionaire" Keira Olsen got married, but she didn’t know that her husband- out-of-the-blue turned out to be the richest man! She’s an illegitimate daughter who can’t be recognized. She’s been clawing and scrambling her way up, struggling to survive since childhood. He’s the child of destiny, standing high and mighty.
The two are worlds apart in status. Everyone was waiting for Keira to be swept out the door, but all they got was a post from the richest man on his social media account: “My dear wife, can we not divorce?” Everyone was confused 
Recommended Series 
Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
* 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
Search 
Search 
Categories
Copyright ? 2024 Techjanan. All Rights Reserved 
Disclaimer: This site Techjanan does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non- affiliated third parties. 
Options 
Background 
WhiteLight grayLight blueLight yellowSepiaDark blueDark yellowWood grain not work with dark mode 
Font Family 
Fira SansMerriweatherSegoe UIVerdanaTahomaArial 
Font Size
1516182022242628303234363840 
Line Height 
100%120%140%160%180%200% 
Reset 
Compare (0/20) 
Clear All
###Chapter 445
Ellis was startled by the words. 
He had not expected that at a time like this, Mary would still insist on a paternity test… Was she determined to force him into a divorce? 
He let out a scoff. 
Mary, on the verge of collapse, screamed, “Ellis, I want you to see the results! See with your own eyes, the child you just killed was your own!” 
“Mary… there’s no need to provoke me anymore. I know you’re doing this just to force me to divorce you 
but I won’t do it.” 
Suddenly, Ellis reached out and gently stroked her 
head. 
Mary was almost driven to the edge by his gesture and cried out, “Ellis, you bastard, bastard!” 
She slumped into the seat, close to despair. 
With both hands on her abdomen, she felt the pain emanating from inside and was overwhelmed by suffering. 
Just then, the sound of furious banging came from 
outside. 
Ellis turned his head and saw Keira trying to open the door, seemingly enraged. She was pounding on the glass. 
Unfortunately, the car’s windows were too sturdy to be smashed open. 
Ellis had no intention of getting out there; he pushed himself up from the seat with his hands and leaped 
into the driver’s seat. 
Just as he was about to start the car and leave, another vehicle suddenly blocked his way, cutting off his 
escape route. 
Ellis frowned as he saw the front car window roll do 
to reveal Lewis Horton’s face. 
Ellis sighed softly. 
Turning his head again, he saw Keira standing outside the window, signaling him to let Mary go. 
Ellis lowered his gaze and after a moment and opened the door. 
The moment the door was unlocked. Keira nulled onen 
the rear door and looked straight at Mary. “Mary, are you okay?” 
Mary’s face was covered in tears. With her hands on her belly, she cried to Keira. The child, the child is gone… Keera, my child is gone!” 
Keira reached out to her. “Don’t be afraid. We’re going to the hospital now. Come with me!” 
Mary hurriedly exited the car and was helped into the hospital by Keira. 
The reporters swarmed behind them, asking Ellis, “Mr. Ellis, what just happened? You and Miss Davis didn’t come out of the car. Were you arguing?” 
Ellis merely lowered his eyes slightly and said indifferently, “My wife suddenly felt unwell, and the child… is gone.” 
This statement caused an uproar among the reporters. 
The child was gone? 
Just now? 
It all seemed like a clumsy cover-up! 
The crowd, as if they had caught on to a piece of news, 
15.13 
immediately raised their microphones and pressed forward. “Mr. Ellis, what exactly happened to this 
child?”
“Did you intentionally induce an abortion?” 
“This child isn’t actually yours, is it?” 
Ellis’s eyes flickered to the doorway, where he saw Keira supporting Mary into the hospital gate. An icy chill surfaced in his eyes, and he turned to the speaker. 
“It’s illegal to fabricate stories without evidence! If you continue to slander my wife’s innocence, the legal department of the Olsen Group will serve you with a cease and desist letter!” 
The reporters were taken aback. 
Ellis then addressed them, enunciating every word.”My wife and I are deeply in love, and I am also very saddened by the loss of our child. But I believe that my wife and I will face it together. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to see my wife!” 
After saying these words, he strode into the hospital. 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen exchanged a glance and 
immediately followed him inside. 
The Davis family arrived a little later. Just as they got out of the car, they heard the “bad news” and were stunned in place. 
Mr. Davis’s face first stiffened, but then he brightened with joy. “The child is gone, it’s a good thing, a good thing! Now no one can say the child isn’t Mr. Ellis’s…” 
Mrs. Davis showed a rare hint of concern.
They hurried into the hospital. 
This hospital was the closest to the South residence. Ellis hurriedly caught up to Mary and Keira, who were 
in front of him. 
They went into the gynecology department, and Ma lay down on the bed, curling up in pain as if it was 
unbearable. 
Seeing this, a flicker of distress crossed Ellis’s eyes. 
If he could, he would take the pain for her. 
But there was no way…. 
Ellis stepped forward, about to speak, when Mary suddenly erupted. She pushed him away fiercely. “Get 
518 
away from me! I don’t want to see you!” 
Ellis took a step back. “Mary, don’t be anxious. You’re weak now, and you need to take good care of yourself, 
I…” 
“Ellis, I want to have a paternity test!” Mary was still shouting out these words. “Even if this child is gone, I still want to do it!”
She looked at Ellis, her eyes filled with loathing. 
Being looked at like that, Ellis felt extremely uncomfortable. 
Before he could say anything, Mrs. Davis stepped 
forward. “Mary, let’s not make a fuss… We won’t do the 
paternity test anymore. The child is gone, it’s 
now!” 
Mary looked coldly at Mrs. Davis. “So, you never believed me from the beginning, right?” 
Mrs. Davis was speechless. 
less 
Mary’s gaze then fell on Mr. Davis, and upon seeing his evasive eyes, she scoffed. 
Mr. Davis immediately became angry. “What are you laughing at? If it weren’t for your own immodesty, 
16.0 
could things have escalated to this point? You should be thankful that Mr. Ellis isn’t pursuing the matter, so let it rest! Can’t you understand and not drag our Davis family into this?!” ” 
These words were like knives and stabbed into Mary’s heart one after another, making her smile bitterly, feeling how pathetic her life was!
Her parent exploited her… 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
Ellis also slowly said, “Mary, the reporters are all outside, if we did it, it wouldn’t stay hidden, be a good girl, don’t make it so ugly!” 
Mary knew they didn’t believe her. 
She could only place her last hope on Keira. She looked toward Keira, her eyes brimming with tears, “Keera, can you help me?” 
Her child couldn’t have disappeared so unjustly… 
Otherwise, she would feel suffocated for the rest of 
her life! 
Now she felt as if her chest was about to explode!! 
FIB 
Keira saw her on the verge of collapse and stepped forward decisively. “I can. Mary, stay put. I’ll take care 
of it.” 
Leaving those words behind, she strode to Ellis. 
As Ellis opened his mouth to speak, Keira closed in and punched him in the abdomen.
Ellis winced in pain and doubled over. 
Keira took the opportunity to pluck two strands of hair from his head and methodically placed them into the 
sample bag. 
17 
A 
16.19 
> 
DEAR 
###Chapter 446
Keira finished these tasks and then pushed Mary’s small cart forward. 
Ellis was stunned. “Keera, where are you taking Mary?” 
Keira just waved her hand, “To get an amniocentesis.” 
Ellis frowned. “Even if we really need to do a DNA test, amniocentesis isn’t necessary; after the abortion, the embryo will come out…” 
His words made Mary’s eyes redder, and she turned 
her head to the side. 
Keira frowned at him. 
She didn’t know what to say for a moment… 
Scold Ellis for being a bastard? 
But he had already gone through three tests to confirm his azoospermia; such humiliation wasn’t something an ordinary person could accept. 
Yet the hurt he inflicted on Mary was real… 
Keira sighed, glanced at Mary, and said, “We can’t wait.” 
19
It would take at least two or three hours for the 
abortion pill to take effect… 
That made Ellis frown even more. 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen couldn’t help but step forward and look at Keira. “Keera, don’t make a fuss. Can we just let this go? Even for the reputation of the Olsen family and the Davis family, and for the cooperation between 
the two families…” 
“With things unclear as they are now, do you think the reputations of the two families are being preserved?” 
Keira looked at them. “Turn around and look how many reporters are watching you. What will they say about you if we don’t do this? 
“But they don’t have evidence, and if we do it…” Wayne started, frowning. 
Keira looked at him. “So what if we do it?” 
Wayne tensed his chin, not daring to say anything harsh to Keira, and instead turned to Mary. “Mary! Enough is enough!” 
Keira didn’t give Mary the time to deal with him and simply continued pushing Mary toward the area for 
amniocentesis.
As she walked, she glanced at Ellis. “Ellis, you will regret this.” 
Then she marched forward. 
Ellis stood there stunned, watching them go. 
For some reason, a sense of panic suddenly rose from 
the bottom of his heart. 
The three test results had all confirmed azoospermia, which was a massive blow to him, and he lost all confidence. Plus, Mary’s reputation was indeed not good before, so he was convinced that the child wasn’t 
his. 
But just now, Keira’s gaze, along with Mary’s resolute expression, made him tense his jaw and follow them. 
A crowd, including the reporters, followed behind 
Keira. 
Those interested in the affair were discussing it animatedly. 
Inside Jackson’s hospital ward. 
Austin saw the latest situation and snorted. “How 
|||
ridiculous! What’s this Keera up to? Other families 
would do anything to cover up such a scandal. Why does she have to confirm it?” 
Jackson’s face was somber as well. “Maybe she’s hoping 
for a stroke of luck? What if the child turns out to be Ellis’s?” 
Austin curled his lips. “How could it be? He’s been diagnosed with azoospermia!” 
Jackson stared at the live broadcast. “Keera is as foolish as ever! Mary may have insisted on the test to find herself a way out. So many people can see it and are trying to dissuade her, only Keera takes it seriously. Now, Mary must be cursing in her head! Austin, we’re in for quite a show this time!” 
Austin shook his leg but suddenly felt it was pointless. “If only there were nationwide DNA testing, that way we could find my sister!” 
Meanwhile. 
In a dim room, a slender hand held a wine glass, gently swirling it. 
The woman crossed her legs, her eyes fixed on the 
news on the screen her lins slowly curling into a 
111 
FET
smile. 
She downed the wine in one gulp and then spoke in a 
calm voice. 
“This Keera is quite interesting.” 
No matter how the outside world reacted, Keira took 
Mary to perform an amniocentesis and extracted the child’s DNA sample. 
She was preparing to send both Ellis’s sample and the child’s DNA sample to the testing agency. 
Mary’s face was pale, and she leaned on Keira for support, insisting on going with her. 
Upon seeing this, Ellis couldn’t help but say, “Mary, if you insist on being willful, at least be careful with your 
health… Can we do this tomorrow? You are now…” 
“What’s wrong with me now?” 
Mary leaned weakly on Keira, staring fixedly at Ellis. “It’s all thanks to you!” 
Ellis was momentarily speechless. 
Yet Mary looked toward Keira. “Keera, take me there 
now. I must have a result!” 
Keira nodded, supporting Mary as they slowly made their way outside. 
Mary’s hand was on her abdomen, and from behind, 
she looked frail and thin. 
She didn’t ride in Ellis’s car this time but got into 
Keira’s car instead. 
The car moved slowly, carrying members of both the Olsen and Davis families, as well as a large group of reporters, to the testing agency center. 
After handing over the two samples, Keira sat down with Mary. 
The results would take half an hour to come out. 
Ellis watched Mary from a distance with his fists clenched tightly. 
She was clearly in pain. She was bending over and holding her abdomen, but still, she insisted on sitting there with her gaze fixed on the exit from where the test results would emerge. 
It seemed as though she had to hear that result today. 
111
Ellis took a deep breath. 
After a moment, he walked up to Mary. “Don’t you just want to divorce me? I’ve already signed the agreement. Can you stop torturing yourself?!” 
Mary looked at him, finding it ironic and laughable. 
She lowered her gaze. “Ellis, aren’t you the one torturing me?” 
Ellis was taken aback. 
Mary pointed toward the window. “The results are about to come out. You will see the truth for yourself soon!” 
Ellis felt restless, loosening his tie. 
“Hello, your test results are ready!” 
The half-hour was agonizing yet swift, and suddenly, the staff at the testing agency spoke up. 
Everyone immediately looked at the staff member. 
For a moment, no one dared to step forward to get the results. 
Ellis felt as if he was nailed to the spot, unable to move a step… 
< 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen exchanged glances, then looked toward the group of reporters, and both let out a sigh. 
If the child wasn’t Ellis’s, the Olsen family would be disgraced. 
If the child were Ellis’s, they would regret it immensely. 
So, either outcome was bound to be uncomfortable… 
While they were conflicted, Keira said, “Please tell us the results!” 
Her words made Ellis’s heart skip a beat, and he subconsciously wanted to stop her… 
But then he heard the staff member say, “The matching result is 99.99%, confirming a father-child relationship!” 
At this, the room fell into total silence. 
Ellis’s eyes widened in disbelief, and he felt as if he was struck by lightning! 
He turned slowly to look at Mary in shock. 
Mary looked at him with teary eyes. “Ellis, you’ve killed your child!” 
111
###Chapter 447
“What? The child is actually Mr. Ellis’s!” ” 
“Then what’s the deal with Mr. Ellis’s azoospermia 
report?” 
“Could it be a misdiagnosis?” 
“Don’t tell me this organization has falsified the report?” 
“Impossible, we monitored the entire process, how could there be any falsification.” 
The reporters’ discussions were broadcast along with 
the live stream. 
Inside Jackson’s hospital room. 
Austin and Jackson sat up abruptly upon hearing this news. Austin, incredulous, stared at the content on the news report and exclaimed angrily. 
“What’s going on here? Isn’t Ellis supposed to have azoospermia?” 
Jackson also frowned. “This matter can’t be that 
15 07 
111 
simple! Didn’t we go ask the doctors after the azoospermia report came out? It was confirmed by them! There can’t be any mistake.” 
Envy and jealousy clouded Jackson’s somber gaze. How 
could it be… 
He had thought that Ellis was just like him, a worthless man, but was he actually just playing him?! 
He clenched the bedsheets tightly, wishing he could 
tear them in half! 
Austin glared fiercely at the news as well. 
After a moment, he suddenly stood up. “Damn it! I know what’s going on! The Olsen Group’s shares have gone back up! I knew it! How could someone just randomly send me an azoospermia report? Turns out it was all a play staged by the Olsen family!” 
He was so angry that he paced back and forth. “This is infuriating, utterly infuriating!” 
After a few turns, he rushed out. “I can’t swallow this insult! Have I paid those reporters all to serve as a PR event for the Olsen family? I’m going to find my 
mother and have her avenge me!” 
–
218 
Austin stormed out of the hospital room. 
435 
“Ellis, you have killed your own child!” 
This sentence echoed in Ellis’s ears like a curse, making everything in front of him seem to wobble and become unreal. 
At that moment, he had only one thought… 
He rushed up to the staff and grabbed the test report. Upon seeing the 99.99% on it, he even thought he might be seeing things. 
God knows how much he had wanted to have his own 
child with Mary and how many times he had dreamed 
of this moment. 
He pinched his own arm fiercely. 
It was real. 
He stood there in shock. 
He looked at Mary with a bewildered expression, his mouth opened as if to speak but when he met her resentful gaze, he stopped in his tracks.
Everyone around was dumbfounded. 
< 
Wayne even stepped forward and asked, “How is this possible? Mr. Ellis, weren’t you infertile? How could you have your own child?” 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen stepped forward as well, snatching the test report simultaneously. After taking a glance, Mr. Olsen frowned and asked, “What’s going on here? What did you just do to Mary in the car?!” 
Mrs. Olsen, on the other hand, turned to Mary and went straight to her, grabbing her hand. “Mary, we are sorry, we misunderstood you. Good child, how are you feeling now?” 
Mary held her belly, her face growing paler, and beads of sweat rolled slowly down her forehead. 
She slowly pushed Mrs. Olsen’s hand away and stubbornly looked toward a corner. 
Mrs. Olsen then turned to Ellis. “Ellis, what did y 
to Mary?! Speak up quickly!” 
Ellis was completely stunned. 
He heard her words and then said, “I gave her abortion pills.” 
“What?!”
15.07 
Mrs. Olsen staggered for a moment before charging in front of him and, with a swing of her hand, slapped him across the face! 
“Smack!” 
Following the loud slap, swelling was visible on Ellis’s cheek, showing just how hard Mrs. Olsen had hit him! 
“You bastard! Do you know what you did? You’ve committed murder! Even if that child isn’t yours, you can’t treat a pregnant woman like this! Ellis, what on earth were you thinking?” 
After scolding him, Mrs. Olsen immediately turned to Mary. “Mary, quickly, I’ll take you to the hospital! We’ll try, we’ll try our best to keep this child safe… hurry…” 
Tears started rolling down her cheeks. 
If her son was infertile, then this child might have been Ellis’s only son. 
The doctor had just mentioned the father-son relationship… 
Mrs. Olsen frantically tried to help Mary up, but Mary dodged aside once more, avoiding her grasp and 
instead looked toward the members of the Davis 
family. 
By now, Mr. Davis and Mrs. Davis had straightened their backs again. 
Mrs. Davis said, “I told you, how could our Mary possibly do such a thing? This was a misunderstanding all along!” 
Following her, Mr. Davis nodded. “That’s right, it was a misunderstanding, and now you’ve done this to Mary because of a misunderstanding. We, the Davis family, must have an explanation!” 
Ken frowned and looked at Ellis. “Ellis, what do you have to say for yourself?” 
Ellis was still in a daze. 
He felt as if his heart was being shredded. After his mother slapped him, he remained dazed. He looked at Mary as if he was a child who had done something 
wrong. 
There was a void in his heart. 
He knew that Mary would never forgive him… 
As expected, the next moment, Mary said, “I’ve just said it, from now on, the Davis family and I will have 
no further relations!” 
She struggled to her feet, enduring the pain, and while others tried to approach, she pushed them all away, only staggering toward Mr. Davis and Mrs. Davis. 
Then, with a “thud,” she knelt before them. 
Mrs. Davis was taken aback. “Mary, what are you doing? You need to take care of your health… I know you’re very sad about the loss of the child, but it’s okay, if you can have one, you can have another… 
But Mary pushed her hand away again and bowed to both Mr. Davis and Mrs. Davis before saying, “I’ve repaid the debt of your raising me.” 
Leaving these words behind, she slowly stood up. 
Then she turned to Keira, “Keera, let’s go…” 
Keira immediately stepped forward to support her. 
Ellis moved a step forward in a panic. “Mary, where are you going? I’ll take you to the hospital… I… 
“Don’t!” 
Mary pushed away his attempt to help her and looked at him with red eyes. “Ellis, the young man I once 
713 
loved the most, died just now.” 
She placed her hand on her abdomen. “I will not 
forgive the murderer of my son! You and I are done! Let’s… get a divorce.” 
After saying the last sentence, she held on to Keira’s hand. “Keera, take me away.” 
“Okay.” 
Keira supported her as they left the institution. 
It was only after getting into the car that Mary allowed her tears to flow, her hand resting on her belly, “My 
child…” 
Keira sai calmly, “Don’t cry, actually…” 
10 
> 
Terrible
###Chapter 448
Mary was genuinely distressed. 
The past few months had been too torturous for her. 
No one believed her. 
She had barely reached the three-month mark and was about to have an amniocentesis with Ellis when the reporters threw everything into chaos. 
She knew that they had provoked Ellis. 
That was why he had done such a thing… 
She could even understand Ellis’s actions.” 
But she couldn’t forgive the harm he had done… 
Mary gave a bitter smile, feeling a heaviness in her lower abdomen. It had been two hours since she took that pill. 
Was her child about to say goodbye to her? 
As she was deep in thought, she suddenly heard Keira say, “Actually, your child is fine.” 
Mary was stunned. “What?” 
16.07 
13
Then she scoffed sarcastically. “Keera, you don’t have to comfort me. After taking abortion pills, even if the child isn’t lost, it won’t be healthy, so how could it be 
fine?” 
Keira coughed. “Well, I switched the abortion pills with 
vitamin tablets.” 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
At that moment, Lewis walked over and explained. “I found out that Ellis had bought abortion pills, so I was extra cautious. I told Keera, and she found an 
opportunity to go home and switch the pills.” 
Mary was flabbergasted. “How did you find out that Ellis was buying medicine?” 
Lewis paused slightly. 
Of course, Keira had forced him to have Ellis sign the divorce papers. 
Lewis initially didn’t want to meddle in their affairs since it was a matter between husband and wife, but Keira pressed him hard, and he had no choice but to have someone check Ellis’s whereabouts and then stumbled upon this matter. 
[1] 
Lewis coughed. “I saw it by accident.” 
Mary, however, frowned. “But my stomach hurts.” 
“That’s a psychological effect.” 
Keira bluntly pointed out the reason. 
Mary was speechless. 
Keira asked, “Do you feel any different now? Is the pain in your stomach gone, or is it better?” 
Mary focused on her belly and realized. “It is getting better.” 
Keira then took her by the arm. “Alright, the choice is yours now. Do you want to tell Ellis this news or not?” 
After pondering for a moment, Mary finally lowered her gaze. “If I tell him, he probably won’t want to divorce anymore. Better not to say anything.” 
Mary didn’t want to take advantage of Ellis. 
His distrust left her feeling weary in this marriage. 
She did want a divorce, especially just now-if not for Keira’s intervention, he would have killed their child.
She wasn’t such a saint that she would forgive his 
15. 
unharmed. 
Mary made up her mind and said, “I want to go somewhere no one knows me to get through my pregnancy and live properly.” 
“Then go to the South residence,” Keira said. “If you’re alone in a strange place, I’ll worry too.” 
The real story behind Ellis’s azoospermia needed to be investigated. 
If someone was targeting Ellis, then would they harm Mary upon learning that her child was fine? 
Keira felt that things were getting very complicated. 
She helped Mary and got into the car with Lewis. 
Lewis still played the driver role; this time, Keira sat in the backseat with Mary. 
On the road, Mary bowed her head and shed tears. 
Keira didn’t know how to console her, so she just gently patted the back of her hand. 
After wiping her tears, Mary said, “Keera, I’m okay.” 
Then she looked at Lewis, “Thank you for your help this time.”
||| 
< 
Lewis was about to politely say there was no need for 
thanks since he only meddled in her affairs out of 
consideration for “Keera”. 
But unexpectedly, the next moment, he heard Mary say, “Keera, I think you should stay with this gigolo. I honestly feel Lewis, that second-marriage man, is unsuitable for you… His wife had just died, and he shamelessly went to the Olsen family to propose a marriage; he’s not a good person.” 
Lewis was speechless. 
He suddenly regretted helping Mary! 
The Gill family. 
Austin stormed into the house, heading straight for Lady Gill. 
“Mom, I was toyed with!” 
Lady Gill looked at him coldly. “You’re stupid. Who else can you blame?”
Austin threw his phone in front of her. “Look, it’s a trap they set for me! It says Ellis has azoospermia, and I believed them! Now look!” 
G8 
Pointing at the news playing on the TV, he raged. “The child is his, and the whole scene is a farce, which gives him the opportunity to introduce their new product. They even staged a whole scene, refusing to come out of a car that couldn’t be smashed, acting as if the conflict were real, and their stock price shot up 
instantly!” 
Lady Gill also felt somewhat frustrated upon hearing 
this. 
Her face was cold as she looked straight at Austin. “I heard that Miss Keera approached our family for a partnership. She even had someone inquire about us previously, and although I don’t know her motives, this partnership is not happening!” 
She angrily picked up Austin’s phone. “And didn’t you verify this report before releasing it?” 
When reminded of this, Austin felt even more aggrieved. “I did verify it! He happened to go for the tests at one of our hospitals. Could our doctors deceive me? Who would have known about this 
twist?!” 
Lady Gill immediately signaled the butler with a
68 
glance. 
The butler went to investigate right away. 
Within five minutes, he returned. “The doctor, indeed, 
works for us. There’s no mistake there.” 
Austin was puzzled. “Then what’s going on?” 
Lady Gill said with frustration, “The Olsens have their own hospital. Why would Ellis come to our hospital to run a test? The samples must have been switched! And he’s been setting this trap for a whole month! What a cunning schemer!” 
Austin fumed. “The people of the Olsen family are so cunning! They look look like decent people, but look at what they’ve done!” 
Lady Gill sighed. 
She exited the text message, about to return the phone to Austin when she suddenly caught a glimpse of an unread message from an unknown sender. It was actually sent by Nara. “Hello, I’m the owner of the jade piece. May I ask who this is?” 
Seeing this message, Lady Gill was taken aback.
She quickly looked at Austin. “Why haven’t you read 
this message?!” 
Because Austin was very concerned about his sister’s situation, the contact number left in the advertisement 
was Austin’s. 
Austin was stunned, too, and immediately picked up the phone. “I’ve been busy dealing with the Olsen family stuff, so I missed a lot of messages. Could this be my sister?” 
Lady Gill urged him. “Make contact with this person!” 
Austin immediately nodded. “Right, it must be my sister! With today’s advanced technology, there’s no way someone would impersonate her!” a 
25 
RE 
15.07 
> 
$3 
###Chapter 449
Nowadays, paternity verification requires DNA testing, so after their advertisement, few dared claim kinship without discernment.” 
Some would give vague answers at most, claiming they had seen that jade somewhere. 
Regardless of its integrity, the Gill family would purchase all this information and then verify each one. 
To find the missing daughter, the entire Gill family had been focusing on the search. This time, Austin handled the confrontation with the Olsen family alone, 
resulting in numerous slip-ups. 
His two elder brothers didn’t bother with these 
matters at all. 
Austin took down the phone number and immediately called the other party. 
The call soon went through, but then the other party hung up. 
Austin was stunned and looked at Lady Gill. Just as he was about to call again, the other party sent a 
message. “May I ask who this is?”
Austin immediately called the other party again. 
The call was hung up again. 
A message quickly followed. “I can’t talk right now. 
Who is this?” 
Austin stomped his foot in frustration. “Why won’t my 
sister answer the phone? It’s so…” 
Lady Gill slapped him on the head. “Consider your sister’s age. She should be in college by now. Perhaps she’s in class and unable to answer her phone. Why don’t you just send a text?” 
Only then did Austin realize this, and he immediat replied with a message. “Sister, I’m your brother!” 
At that moment, in the hospital. 
Nara was with her classmates, listening to their 
instructor. 
She was majoring in medicine and was currently in her senior year. The teacher had brought them to the hospital for an internship, and if she did well, they 
79 
would hire her after graduation.
Nara was slightly taken aback when she saw the message on her phone. 
Then she lowered her gaze, her fingers trembling slightly. 
The other party had advertised ostentatiously and was obviously not short of money, so how could they have lost a daughter? 
Whether they abandoned her or not, she wanted to ask her family for clarification. 
Nara looked down at her phone, and another message arrived before she could send one. 
“Sister, where are you? I’ll come to you!” 
Nara looked around and then replied to the message. am at XXX Hospital.” 
The other party responded immediately. “Good, Mom and I will come right away. Don’t go anywhere, just wait for us.” 
Nara wanted to reply, but the instructor had already begun speaking, “You guys, you’re in charge of patrolling the first floor. Nara and Harry will patrol the 
349 
third floor. Oh, and take note, the third floor houses the VIP wards, and you two have good temperaments, so you’ll find it easier to interact with those patients!” 
Nara immediately nodded.
Harry also promptly said, “No problem!” 
Once the two left for the third floor, someone asked in bewilderment, “Dr. Luton, why did you assign Nara to the third floor? The third floor is for VIP wards, and 
she’s mute…” 
The teacher sighed, then lowered his gaze. “Don’t ask about things that aren’t your concern.” 
“I see…” 
The teacher’s look toward Nara was tinged with a hin of pity. 
Although Nara was mute, since she had no hearing problems, she attended a regular school where she excelled academically and was specially admitted by 
Dr. Luton. 
He had hoped she would become a promising student dedicated to scientific research, but somehow, she had offended the Gill family. 
449 
Chapter 448 
Today, after learning that Nara was to intern here, Jackson ordered her to be in charge of his treatment. 
Dr. Luton wanted to intervene, but ultimately, he was no match for the power of money. 
The hospital belonged to the Gill family. What could 
Dr. Luton do?
The doctor shook his head and could only silently pray for the poor Nara before walking away. 
Nara was still unaware of what she was about to face. 
She looked forward to going upstairs, and her classmate Harry even said, “Nara, you have to try 
harder. You are the best in your year, and you’ll be able to stay and work here.” 
Nara nodded firmly. 
She was finally about to graduate, and soon she’d be able to earn a salary to support her brother. 
For all these years, her brother had endured many humiliations to put her through school; soon, she would be able to help him! 
Nara thought of this as she went upstairs. 
The two interns went from room to room checking in 
( 
with patients to see if they had any needs. 
Harry whispered, “All these people have significant status; if we take good care of them, we’ll definitely get hired by the hospita!” 
Nara nodded again.
Then they entered room 306. 
As soon as she entered, Nara saw Jackson lying on the bed, staring at her with a dark gaze. Her heart skipped a beat, and she immediately turned to leave the room. 
“Stop!” 
Jackson’s bellow made Nara halt. 
Confused, Harry was still unaware of what had happened and spoke with a smile, “Excuse me, are you not feeling well?” 
Jackson pointed to his wound. “I think my wound has burst open. Why don’t you two take a look?” 
Harry immediately stepped forward, about to lift the blanket. “Okay, I’ll take a look for you.” 
In the eyes of a doctor there was no distinction of gender. 
However, since the patients on this floor all have 
esteemed identities, a male and a female intern were specially assigned to help accommodate such 
situations. 
However, Jackson smiled and pointed at Nara. “I want
her to do it.” 
Harry was taken aback. 
Jackson then smiled darkly. “What’s wrong? Can’t do it? Isn’t it said that there is no gender in the eyes of a doctor? If you interns can’t handle this, what kind of doctors are you? You might as well just go home!” 
Nara clenched her fingers tight. 
Jackson then scolded, “Are you treating me or not? 
Nara jumped in fright, trembling all over. 
Then she swallowed, endured the humiliation, and 
moved closer to lift Jackson’s blanket. 
The wound was bandaged securely, and she couldn’t see any exposed flesh. Even if she could, it would be a bloody mess. 
In Nara’s eyes, Jackson was simply another patient. 
15.08 
Jackson said, “Help me change the dressing!” 
Nara took a deep breath, nodded, and then slowly touched the location of his wound. The next moment, Jackson kicked, hitting her directly in the chest. “You scum, why are you so rough? Do you want to kill me?”
Nara stubled back several steps. She barely steadied herself and looked incredulously at Jackson. 
Then she took a piece of paper and a pen and began to write, “I didn’t touch you at all!” 
Unfortunately, Jackson scoffed before she could finish writing. “What are you writing? Can’t you speak? What kind of doctor are you if you can’t speak? Are you going to use gestures to communicate with patients in the future? Nara, I’ll report you if you don’t make me comfortable today! I’ll make sure you never become a doctor in this lifetime!” 
17 
###Chapter 450
Nara’s eyes widened, glaring venomously at Jackson. 
Her eyes were red, and she clenched her fingers tightly. 
After a long moment, she exhaled, crossed out the words she had just written, and then wrote, “What service do you need?” 
1 
Upon seeing these words, Jackson scoffed, “At least 
have the sense to know that flattering me is the only way you have a future!” 
you 
Jackson looked at the fruit plate, “Go wash these fruits 
for 
me, and cut them into pieces that are easy for me to eat. Also, remove all the orange pith for me. Not even a single thread can be left, I don’t like eating 
that!” 
1 
Harry immediately said, “But this isn’t something us intern doctors should be doing…” 
Jackson immediately scoffed. “You know you’re an intern doctor? Don’t you want to remove the ‘intern’ from your title?”
The bodyguard beside him said bluntly, “Do you even know who our young master is? He’s the heir of the Gill family! This hospital belongs to them, and he can decide your fate with just one phone call! Better shut up quickly!” 
Harry immediately shut his mouth in panic. 
Jackson then pointed at Nara. “Are you going or not?” 
Nara’s eyes reddened, but she still nodded firmly, picked up the fruit plate, and left the room. 
She wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes and went to the sink to wash the fruits. 
While she was washing them, a shocked voice suddenly came from beside her. “Nara?” 
Nara was startled, turned her head, and caught sight of Keira standing right beside her. Her eyes lit up, and she grabbed a piece of paper and a pen, ready to write and ask how she came to be there. 
It was as if Keira understood what she wanted to say. “I came here for something. Why are you here?” 
Keira was here, of course, because of Ellis’s azoospermia report! 
278 
< 
Ellis was perfectly capable of having children, with a high sperm activity level, yet why had all three hospitals issued a diagnosis of azoospermia?
Keira had come to the hospital today to consult with the doctors about this matter. 
However, she didn’t expect that the doctor who had examined Ellis had gone abroad the night before. 
She was somewhat disappointed and was about to leave when she unexpectedly saw a familiar figure. 
Nara wrote on a piece of paper, “I’m doing my internship here.” 
Keira suddenly realized. “Is your major in medical 
studies?” 
Nara nodded her head. 
1 
Keira relaxed, about to say something more, when she suddenly realized they were on the same floor ast Jackson. She instantly furrowed her brows, asking, “Is Jackson making things difficult for you? Do you need 
me to arrange a transfer for you?” 
Nara immediately waved her hands. 
want to cause any more trouble for Miss 
Olsen. The last time Miss Olsen had helped her retrieve her jade, she was already very grateful. 
Because of that piece of jade, she would be able to return to the Gill family…
Thinking of this, her fingers moved to her neck, feeling the jade through her clothing. 
Seeing Nara shake her head, Keira was about to insist further when Austin and Lady Gill suddenly arrived. 
They were talking as they walked. 
Austin was saying, “Mom, my sister hasn’t replied to my messages either. Which floor is she on? I had her phone located, it’s on this floor, but which room is she actually in?” · 
While speaking, Austin suddenly caught sight of Keira and Nara, his face instantly darkened, and he asked, “What are you doing here?!” 
Keira placed Nara behind her and retorted, “Why I’m here is none of your business. Or does this hospital have a sign that says members of the Olsen family 
aren’t allowed to enter?” 
Austin sneered, “Then I really should put up a sign that 
says that!” 
Keira furrowed her brow., “You run a hospital, yet you 
select patients?” 
“So what if we do? This hospital belongs to our family,
and I make the rules!” 
Keira scoffed. “Then do you dare to say that to the public?” 
Austin choked, “You…!” 
Lady Gill gripped his arm, coldly looking at Keira. “Miss Olsen, you wouldn’t happen to be carrying some kind of recording pen, would you? Did you provoke my son into saying something like that so that you can use it for a public relations stunt to retaliate against us?” 
Keira was almost rolling her eyes. “I’m not that unreasonable! I’m here to get to the bottom of what exactly happened with my elder brother’s azoospermi 
report!” 
Austin grew furious. “What could have happened? What are you still pretending for? Isn’t it just that your elder brother switched the samples, tested with sperm that had azoospermia, and then schemed against us? 
hospital’s doctors give you a fake report?” 
< 
When Keira heard this, she frowned. “Are you 
suggesting the report given by your hospital’s doctor is real?”
“Of course, we run a hospital, not something else, how could we possibly hand out random reports to patients?!” 
Austin glared at her. “You want to mess with our hospital from this angle? Let me tell you, no chance!” 
Keira furrowed her brows again. “Then why did your doctor fly out of the country last night?” 
Austin was taken aback. “What are you talking about?” 
“I’m saying, the doctor who made the report for Ellis, suddenly flew out of the country last night! And when I call him, he doesn’t answer at all!” 
Austin frowned. “It couldn’t possibly be another one o your tricks, could it? I get it, you must have bribed the doctor, and then you’re going to pin this whole thing on our family? Claiming our hospital is producing fake reports? Wow, the Olsen family is really ruthless and cunning!” 
Keira was speechless. 
She twitched the corner of her mouth, “Do you have paranoia?” 
Austin was dumbfounded. 
Keira was almost rolling her eyes again but then she began. “Also, stop acting so self-righteous here. If you were truly fair and just, then how could you have made life difficult for this little friend of mine?” 
She pulled Nara from behind her and pushed her in front of both of them. “You assigned her an internship on the third-floor just to satify Jackson, didn’t you?”
Austin curled his lip. “I don’t have time for such petty things. Who would bother with someone so insignificant? I don’t know where this girl came from, but you left Jackson in a wreck for her! Even if we did arrange it, so what if we want to get some 
satisfaction?” 
Just as Keira was about to say something, Lady Gill interrupted Austin. “Enough, stop this argument. Don’t forget the important matter at hand.”” 
“Ah, right, the important matter!” 
Austin snapped back to reality; he was here to find his 
< 
What was he doing talking to Keira! 
He gave Keira a fierce glare, then scanned over Nara, his gaze meeting hers. 
Nara immediately panicked and looked away… 
Austin snorted and then took out his phone, once 
more located that number, and dialed it… 2
###Chapter 451
The phone rang once and was then hung up. 
It still said, “The number you dialed is unavailable.” 
Austin couldn’t help but frown. 
Where on earth was his sister? 
All he could do was send another message to his sister. “Sister, where are you? Mom and I have arrived. Which floor are you on? We are coming to you!” 
He was frantic with worry. 
H 
Unfortunately, there was still no response from the other side. 
Lady Gill frowned and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Austin let out a sigh. “There have been no replies to m messages, and she’s not picking up the phone either.” 
Lady Gill took a deep breath. “Then have someone take control of this entire building and check every one of a 
similar age.” 
Austin immediately nodded. “Okay.” 
Then, he went to give that task to his subordinates. 
Lady Gill said, “I’ll wait at the entrance. While you’re here, go check on Jackson.” 
Austin nodded. 
Lady Gill went downstairs. 
Austin headed toward Jackson’s ward. Halfway there, he turned back to look at Nara, his gaze dark and ominous as he said, “I suddenly realize something. Jackson must have arranged for you to be an intern on this floor, right? Well then, come over here and take good care of Jackson! Otherwise…” 
Nara immediately clenched her fists, looking like she 
was about to cry. 
Keira stopped her, saying, “Nara, you don’t n to demean yourself.” 
Nara tightened her jaw and waved her hands. 
She had to be a doctor. After all, she had studied medicine for many years just to become a skilled professional. 
When she and her brother were accepted to 
their family was too poor to afford the 
tuition, so her brother gave up his chance for her. 
Her brother once said that although she couldn’t speak, she would definitely become a good doctor and might even be able to develop medicine to cure herself. That way, she would be able to speak and call him “brother”. 
For her brother’s dream, Nara worked part-time and studied hard throughout the years, always ranking first 
in her class. 
Now, she couldn’t allow a moment of impulse to ruin 
her future. 
She went straight into Jackson’s ward with a fruit tray. 
Upon seeing this, Keira frowned. 
She hadn’t forgotten the purpose of her hospital visit, so she didn’t follow Nara in, but instead, she looked a 
Austin. “Shall we talk?” 
Austin asked, “What is there to talk about?” 
He looked at Keira with disdain. “There is nothing to be said between you and me!” 
Keira sighed. “My brother didn’t falsify that medical 
had tests done at three hospitals, all
316 
< 
showing azoospermia.” 
Austin sneered. “And then what?” 
Keira’s expression grew grave as she continued. “Then yesterday, all the doctors who tested him went abroad, for the same reason as your hospital’s doctor, to attend an international medical conference.” 
Austin was taken aback. 
Keira went on. “So there must be something going on. Austin, do you want to remain in the dark? Can you get in touch with your doctor? Why don’t we get this cleared up?” 
Austin stared at Keira for a while before suddenly sneering. “Do you think I’m going to believe you? Keera, there is nothing we can cooperate on.” 
Keira frowned. “What I’m saying is true…” 
“Even if it is true, what of it? I’ve told you this matter has nothing to do with my family, so I won’t help you. The Gill family and the Olsens are sworn enemies! The two families’ relations have been severed because of 
you!” 
After saving this, Austin sneered and turned to walk
416 
< 
toward Jackson’s ward. 
Keira followed behind him. “Actually, the misunderstanding between us is minor, and by now, you should understand that Mary’s child is Ellis’s. She never lived a promiscuous life before. Don’t you think you were wrong to slander her like that?” 
Austin halted. 
Keira detected a hint of change in him and pressed on persistently. “I know you’re not purely evil; you just wanted to boast! You are different from Jackson…” 
Austin and Jackson were indeed different. 
Austin had a tough side, which was why he didn’t tell the truth when Ellis beat him up in the past. 
Still, he usually maintained integrity in his action and dealings. 
He didn’t force himself on Mary although having 
boasted about it. 
Jackson, however, forcefully made moves on a girl like Nara, who was barely twenty years old… 
Austin found it despicable, and his pride wouldn’t allow 
He could be reasoned with… 
Austin sneered. “There’s nothing different between him and me. You don’t need to try and drive a wedge 
between us.” 
“I just want to cooperate with your company for once. Our families have always had a good relationship. Why can’t we continue to do that? 
“And besides…” 
Keira hadn’t finished speaking when she heard an angry roar from Jackson coming from the ward. “How can you be so clumsy? You can’t even handle some 
fruit!”
###Chapter 452
Keira slightly halted as she frowned and peered into 
the room. 
She caught sight of Nara, whose hands were covered in blood, which was also smeared on the apple peel she was holding. Nara’s fingers trembled as she stared at 
the cut on her hand. 
Keira’s pupils contracted, and she immediately rushed in. “Nara, are you alright?” 
Nara looked at Keira with tearful eyes before fixating on her trembling hand. 
On her wrist was a gash from which blood was whooshing out, rendering her hand strengthless! 
Keira immediately asked, “What happened?” 
Nara gestured with her hand, trying to speak, but unfortunately, no one in the room understood her sign language. She wanted to write, but the right hand she used to write was cut, and she couldn’t muster any 
strength. 
Her eyes were rimmed red. 
She was supposed to become a doctor; if she no longer had strength in her hand, how would she hold a scalpel?! 
Her entire medical career had been destroyed!
With resentment, she turned her tearful gaze toward Jackson. 
Keira immediately asked, “Did he do this?” 
Nara nodded at once. 
Keira then scanned the surrounding environment. 
Jackson lay in bed, unable to get down, but beside Nara and on the floor were a pillow and a fruit knife. 
Taking the situation in the room into account… 
Keira immediately said, “Did he ask you to peel the apple and then, while you were peeling it, he hit you with a pillow, causing you to cut your wrist?” 
Nara nodded tearfully. 
Jackson sneered. “So what if I did that? She couldn’t 
serve me properly! I wanted to eat an apple and asked 
her to peel one, and she couldn’t even manage that!” 
Nara cried as she looked at him. 
She could do it. 
But Jackson always found fault in her actions. 
If the apple peel were too thick, he would scold her, accusing her of wasting food; if it were too thin, he would still scold her, threatening to complain about her.
She had to focus on peeling, but when the knife slipped toward her wrist, a pillow suddenly struck her, causing the blade to slice her wrist. 
Now, it seemed the tendon in her wrist was cut, and she couldn’t exert any strength. 
In a state of utter despair, Nara wept miserably. Unable to speak, she felt a suffocating sensation in her chest. All she could do was glare at Jackson and try to open her mouth desperately 
She wanted to speak, but she couldn’t make a sound. 
Keira said, “Nara, don’t be anxious. I know you’ve been 
wronged…” 
But Nara shook her head as she cried. 
Jackson laughed mockingly. “What wrong has she suffered? The person who was wronged here is me! 
She couldn’t do her job properly. She’s a doctor, right? She’s supposed to hold a scalpel in the future, and she can’t even peel an apple for me? If she’s incompetent with a simple apple, she might as well consider a career change; we can’t have her shaking and damaging the patient’s body in an operating room!” 
After that, Jackson turned to his assistant. “Go tell the dean and her teacher that she cut her hand while 
peeling an apple for me. A careless person shouldn’t be given a permanent position, lest she harm others…” 
The assistant nodded, “Alright…” 
As the assistant was about to leave, Nara grabbed his
hand. 
She shook her head in pain, her mouth opening an closing in desperation… 
She wept soundlessly with tears rolling down her face. 
Jackson rebuked sharply, “What are you standing there for? Hurry up and go!” 
The assistant heartlessly pushed Nara away and headed toward the door. 
Watching the assistant leave, Nara grabbed his arm 
again and, in the extreme emotional stress, unconsciously shouted two words, “…No… don’t…” 
Although speaking was difficult, with a hoarse voice and even weird pronunciation, she still managed to utter those two words. 
After hearing her voice, Keira was taken aback for a 
moment. 
Nara also froze, her tearful gaze following the assistant. 
Jackson curled his lips. “Wow, look at that-the mute can talk! So why have you been playing mute? To gain sympathy? I heard that because you are a disabled person, the school waived a year of tuition for you… You wouldn’t be scamming for tuition fees, would 
you?” 
Shaken and frightened, Nara hurriedly waved her hands, her mouth opening and closing, “…I… didn’t…”
Though speaking was strenuous, she indeed made a 
sound. 
Keira immediately exclaimed with surprise. “Nara, you spoke! Can you talk?” 
Nara nodded while crying, then shook her head. 
Jackson sneered again. “What does it matter if she can talk or not? I’ll make sure she drops out! Oh, and by the way, I heard she wants to work at the Nora Research Institute. Without experience working in a hospital, there’s no way she can get in!” 
Upon hearing this, Keira was momentarily stunned. 
She looked at Nara. “Do you want to go to Nora Research Institute?” 
Nara nodded, then shook her head again. 
She did want to go but didn’t have the ability yet. 
Keira said, “I’ll help you.” 
“You’ll help her?” laughed Jackson as if he’d hear joke. “How can you help her? Don’t you know the family controls the medical system? With one word from us, the Nora Research Institute will never accep her! Austin, am I right?” 
Upon hearing this, Austin laughed lightly. “That’s right! Keera, I won’t let her succeed! I’m getting the hospital to revoke her internship!” 
As soon as he finished speaking his phone rang
unexpectedly. It was Lady Gill, and he answered immediately. “Mom, have the bodyguards arrived? Check every phone number, and we’ll find our sister!”
###Chapter 453
Hearing Austin, Lady Gill furrowed her brows. “The bodyguards have arrived and taken control of the entire floor. Where are you?” 
Glancing at Jackson’s ward, Austin said, “I’m here with 
Jackson.” 
Lady Gill immediately sounded displeased. “I only asked you to say hello. Why are you still lingering there? Get out here immediately!” 
Austin scratched his head. “I was just waiting for my sister to reply to a text message, and I’ve encountered a bit of trouble here.” 
Lady Gill immediately growled, “What trouble? You’re 
so…” 
She hung up. 
Austin stared blankly at his phone, and as he was in a daze, the sound of high heels approached from outside the door. Then, Lady Gill entered the ward with an authoritative air. 
“What trouble have you encountered?” 
Lady Gill looked directly at Jackson. 
Jackson pointed at Nara. “I asked her to peel an apple for me, and she intentionally got blood all over her hands, making it look like I was bullying her! If a doctor can’t even steady a fruit knife, how will she hold a scalpel in the future?!”
Upon hearing this, Lady Gill frowned and turned her gaze toward Nara. 
Nara shook her head, her mouth opening and closing as if she wanted to say something but couldn’t. 
Keira stepped forward, shielding Nara behind her. “Lady Gill, anyone with eyes can see what’s happening here. Surely you’re not going to add insult to injury?” 
Yet Lady Gill sneered. “What’s going on? I don’t know what you’re talking about! Jackson is making perfect sense here. What do you have to say for yourselves?” 
Keira said, “It’s clear that he…” 
“He what? When he did whatever you’re about to say, were you present, Miss Olsen?” 
Lady Gill cut off Keira, then turned to Austin, “You tell 
me!” 
Austin grinned. “Miss Olsen was grabbing me in the hallway, wanting to discuss a partnership, and then we heard a cry from the ward. Miss Olsen and I entered the ward, and that’s when we saw this scene~ Neither Miss Olsen nor I saw what happened!” 
He walked over to Lady Gill and linked arms with her. “Mom, I think Jackson is making a lot of sense, and this Nara is incapable of saying anything. It must be her fault!” 
-Nara looked at them in astonishment. 
She was mute, so of course, she couldn’t speak! 
But now they were using this to attack her? 
Keira’s gaze also turned cold.” Nara can’t speak. Dor you go too far!”
“How can’t she speak? I heard the mute speak just 
now…” 
Austin looked at Nara with a smile. “Come on, repeat it, let my mother hear it. Mom, you didn’t hear it, but when a mute speaks, the voice is unpleasant and grates the ears.” 
Tears welled up in Nara’s eyes and rolled down. 
She had just struggled to speak, yet the man was mocking her… 
She pursed her lips, daring not to speak again. 
Keira scolded Austin harshly, “Shut your mouth!” 
“Miss Olsen! Don’t you go too far!” Lady Gill defended her son immediately. “This is a hospital under Gill Group. We are on our turf. What we say and do is our freedom! Even if you are Sam’s treasured darling, you can’t control my son, right?” 
Keira became furious, “You….” 
The Gill family was being completely unreasonable! 
Lady Gill scoffed, then pointed outside. “Miss Oln, we have other things to do. Please leave!” 
Keira took a deep breath. 
If the Gill family controlled Clance’s medical system, then finding out why Ellis had azoospermia would sti require their cooperation. 
Moreover, her second task hadn’t yet been
accomplished. Among the five great families of Clance, only the Gill family was left with whom she could form a good relationship. 
But with how the Gill family was behaving, it was clear that cooperation was impossible; staying here would only bring humiliation upon herself. 
Had she reached a dead end? 
Keira took a deep breath, grabbed Nara, and said firmly, “Let’s go!” 
As they were about to leave the ward, Jackson 
suddenly said, “Wait a moment!” 
The two stopped in their tracks. 
Jackson smiled. “Aunt, we should cancel Nara’s 
internship qualification! Don’t scare other patients. She’s injuring herself all the time…..” 
Nara clenched her fists tightly, her whole body 
trembling. 
Keira became her mouthpiece. “Jackson, don’t you go too far! Cancel her internship? Do you think that your family monopolizes the entire Clance?!” 
“Tsk, tsk.” 
Jackson scoffed, “The medical system of private hospitals is ours. What, do you think she can get into a public hospital? Or perhaps she can get into Nora
Research Institute? Her hand is now useless! I just see 
her as a joke!” 
Useless hand? 
Lady Gill’s gaze finally landed on Nara. 
Following her bleeding hand, Lady Gill’s gaze slowly moved up, landing on Nara’s face, and then she paused slightly.
###Chapter 454
Lady Gill stared at Nara’s face, and for some reason, she felt a sense of affection. 
Just as she was about to say something, Austin sneered. “How could she possibly get into the Nora Research Institute? Even if her hand weren’t crippled, with her education and experience, she wouldn’t be able to get in anyway!” 
Everyone knew that the Nora Research Institute in Clance was currently the best institution. 
Nara just glared at Austin. 
Keira then said, “How could it be impossible for her to get in?” 
“A person who has been dismissed by our hospital, how could the Nora Research Institute possibly want her? What kind of joke are you making? Oh, Miss Olsen probably doesn’t understand what kind of existence the Nora Research Institute is!” 
Jackson rambled on. “The Nora Research Institute is the dream of all the doctors who are into scientific 
research!” 
Keira looked at him as if she was looking at a joke. 
Although Keira had “died”, the existence of the Nora Research Institute was extraordinary, so after she arrived in Clance, she had secretly sent emails, letting the staff of the Nora Research Institute know that she 
was not dead.
Therefore, the Nora Research Institute in Clance and abroad were both conducting research as usual. 
But she didn’t owe these people an explanation. 
Just as she was about to leave, gripping Nara’s hand, Austin blocked her way again. “Who told you you can 
leave?” 
Keira looked up with a cold gaze. “What, you want to fight again?” 
Austin scoffed. “As a student, Nara frightened the guests in the VIP ward, doesn’t she need to apologize?” 
Keira took a deep breath, feeling the urge in her chest. 
If this were not Clance, she would have punched him right away! 
It wa 
absolutely suffocating! 
Keira said, “What exactly do you want to do?” 
“Very simple.” 
Austin smiled. “Just let Nara kowtow to Jackson, admit her mistakes, and that will be the end of it. Otherwise, I will definitely have her expelled from school!”
After saying this, he turned to Jackson. “Moreover, Jackson turned into what he is now because of her! Letting her apologize to Jackson isn’t too much, is it?” 
Nara bit her lip hard. 
Her eyes were swelling from crying. 
She stared fiercely at Austin, feeling a surge of powerlessness. 
Why? 
Just because they had power and influence, they could do whatever they want? 
But what had she and her brother done wrong? 
It was Jackson who went to her house to beat her brother and tried to assault her, and it was Miss Olsen 
become her fault now? 
She cried uncontrollably, her whole body trembling. 
Her hand was shaking, feeling as if the blood in her body was gradually turning cold. The person in front of her seemed like a devil. 
She sobbed. 
Keira simply said, “That’s impossible!” 
Austin looked at her. “Miss Olsen, don’t think too highly of yourself. I’m being considerate by letting her apologize. Otherwise, for someone as lowly as her, making her disappear from Clance without anyone noticing is just a matter of lifting a finger for me!”
Then he turned to Nara. “Don’t be ungrateful! If you don’t kneel, I can have your brother dead by 
tomorrow!” 
Such words could be said so blatantly… 
Keira was utterly astonished 
Nara’s eyes reddened even more. 
Keira furrowed her brows/ “Austin, have you no regard 
for the law?” 
Austin laughed. “What silly thing are you talking abou I am a law-abiding good citizen, but it always just so happens that some people hold a grudge against Nara brother! And if by chance he accidentally fell down the stairs or off a rooftop, what does it have to do with 
me?” 
Keira was left speechless by him. 
The meaning was crystal clear. He would hire a thug to kill someone, then push all the blame onto the thug! 
Nara immediately waved her hand! 
Her brother and she depended on each other, and they were very close. How could her brother pay for her 
mistake?
Austin continued, “Nara, Nange is from the Olsen family, and I cannot touch her, but if I touch you, do you think the Olsens would fight to the death with our family for the likes of you and your brother, such lowly people? Oh, right, speaking of which, you two are actually distant relatives of my family! Hahaha, so this is an internal matter for the Gill family, even less something the Olsens can interfere in! Neither emotionally nor logically can they do anything… so, 
will you kneel or not?” 
“She won’t kneel!” 
Keira flatly refused, then held Nara’s arm. “Let’s go. 
Don’t worry, I will protect you 
and your brother!” 
Just as she was about to lead Nara away, Nara suddenly 
broke free from her grasp. 
Keira was taken aback. 
Nara gestured to her, her eyes filled with 
determination, anger, and a stubbornness. 
Although she couldn’t speak, Keira still understood her 
intention… 
She didn’t want to implicate Keira anymore, nor did she want her brother to come to harm because of her; otherwise, she would feel guilty…
So… 
She slowly turned her head toward Jackson and knelt without hesitation! 
Keira’s eyes widened in shock. “Nara!” 
She wanted to say that one must not lack spine, 
intending to tell Nara to get up. 
But she suddenly realized, this was Nara’s life, not hers. 
She didn’t have the strength to protect Nara and her brother all the time… unless she kept them under her wings, but was that really what they wanted? 
For a moment, Keira’s feelings were exceedingly complicated, as she stood there stunned. 
After Nara knelt down, she looked toward Jackson. 
Jackson felt an inexplicable rush of satisfaction. 
This was the lost daughter of the first branch of the family… 
The first branch had always been high and mighty, but now their daughter was kneeling before him… 
Jackson sneered. “Kowtow!” 
Austin echoed from the side. “Yes, kowtow…” 
Nara shut her eyes tightly and her head struck the ground hard. 
The sound made Keira’s heart tremble.
Unable to restrain herself, she cried out again. “That’s enough!” 
She stepped forward, lifting Nara up from the ground. 
But before Nara could rise, Jackson shouted furiously, “Not enough, I want her to kowtow ten times to me! 
Ten times!” 
Austin immediately stepped forward, blocking Keira. “Then that’s nine more to go. After you’re done, we’ll spare you and your brother, how about that?” 
A flicker of despair passed through Nara’s eyes. 
She was in extreme agony. 
But thinking about her brother at home, her own future, and the power of the Gill family… 
She didn’t rise but knocked her forehead heavily against the floor again. 
“Nara!” 
Keira’s eyes were red with emotion. 
Jackson felt secretly thrilled inside. 
Austin wore an expression of disdain. 
Lady Gill, however, frowned, her thoughts occupied 
with finding her daughter.
###Chapter 455
The classmate was taken aback when she saw the 
situation in the ward. 
1 
Then she stopped in her tracks, staring in disbelief at the scene before her. Her gaze swept over Lady Gill, Austin, and the others before finally landing on Nara, who was kneeling on the ground. She asked with confusion, “Nara, what’s going on?” 
Nara shook her head, then reached out with her uninjured hand. 
Hesitant, the classmate took out Nara’s phone. She looked at Nara as if she had seen the plague, tossed the phone into Nara’s hand, and ran off. Soon after, another classmate’s voice came from outside. “What happened? You look so shaken…” 
“Shhh, it seems like Nara has offended some big shot…” 
Then, there was no more sound from outside, only the footsteps of those classmates sneaking away. 
Nara gave a bitter smile. 
She knew that after today, her classmates would 
surely avoid her like the plague. 
She lowered her gaze.
Austin then said, “Nara, see? Everyone knows we are. important people. How could you be so blind as to provoke us? Do you think just because you’re with Keera, you can do as you please in Clance? Let me tell you, the Gill family is not someone you can affront so 
easily!” 
He left that remark hanging and continued. “You keep kowtowing. After ten times, I promise I won’t cause 
trouble for Matias!” 
Keira rebuked angrily, “Austin, that’s enough! Are you treating Nara like this just because of me?” 
“Yes, I am taking it out on her because of you, so 
what?” 
Austin admitted outright. “You’re an Olsen family member, so I can’t touch you, but I can do whatever I want to her and her brother, those two lackeys! Nara, are you going to kowtow or not? You still owe us eight!” 
Keira clenched her fists and stepped forward, grabbing stin by the collar. “Do vou think I wouldn’t dare to 
hit you?” 
“Miss Olsen, do you think I’m just a fixture here?” 
Lady Gill shouted angrily, “If you dare to touch a hair. on my son, I’ll immediately get back at the Olsen 
family. The Gill family would do everything to get it even!”
Keira tightened her fingers and let out a cold laugh. “Let’s try it, then!” 
But the next moment, her trouser leg was tugged. 
Keira turned around and saw Nara looking up at her with a hint of pleading in her eyes. 
Those eyes seemed to say, “Please don’t get involved in my affairs…” 
Keira paused slightly. 
Back in Oceanion, she had worked part-time to pay for her tuition, and she understood the helplessness of 
minor characters and insignificant roles. 
Nara and Matias were caught up in the two families’ affairs… 
To them, this was indeed an undeserved calamity. 
But the Gill family wouldn’t see it that way. If they 
didn’t vent their anger today, they would continue to cause trouble for them in the future. 
Matias and Nara didn’t want to be the canaries 
protected by the Olsen family; they wanted to be free. 
The only option was to extricate themselves from this 
situation. 
Keira saw the meaning in the depths of Nara’s eyes and clenched her fists tightly with a sense of powerless
rage. 
If only she or the Olsen family were more powerful, and they could make the Gill family listen to them and give an order that would make the Gill family not dare touch the siblings, perhaps today’s troubles wouldn’t 
exist. 
Keira felt a pang of self-reproach and then slowly turned to Austin. “Can you promise that you’ll no longer mess with them after this?” 
Austin looked down. “My reputation in Clance isn’t the best, but there’s one thing I’m known for, and that is keeping my word! As long as today, she gives our family a chance to vent our anger, I won’t trouble 
them again!” 
Keira turned back to Nara. 
She saw a hint of gratitude in Nara’s eyes, and then 
Nara gently shook her head. 
Keira understood her choice. 
Nara wanted peace. 
Keira tightened her jaw, feeling humiliated, and released Austin’s collar. Then she slowly stepped back. 
Nara nodded to her in appreciation. 
Then she turned her gaze back to Jackson.
Jackson sneered coldly, his eyes sinister as he watched her, his sight again scanning over Austin and Lady 
Gill… 
Then came the sound of Nara’s forehead hitting the floor with a “bang” once more. 
“The third one!” 
Keira reminded them. 
“Bang!” 
The fourth one!” 
Keira’s voice was trembling. 
“Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang…” 
Nara didn’t want to slowly accept the humiliation anymore. Her forehead forcefully knocked on the floor, making a muffled sound. 
The floor where her forehead landed was already 
stained with blood. 
Keira couldn’t even count how many times Nara had kowtowed; she immediately steadied Nara, “Enough!” 
“One more to go.” 
Jackson said aggressively.
Austin found it unbearable to watch, but hearing Jackson’s words, he understood that his brother hadn’t vented his anger yet, so he arrogantly said, “Yes, one 
more!” 
Keira’s eyes were red with anger, “Look at the state she’s in!” 
“But still, there’s only nine!” 
Jackson arrogantly declared, “If it’s anything less than ten, today’s matter won’t be settled!” 
Keira wanted to speak again, but Nara once again 
buried her head. “Bang!” 
She knocked her head until she was dizzy and bleary-eyed, her forehead already swollen and 
bleeding. Everything in front of her seemed somewhat 
blurry. 
“We’re done!” 
Keira shouted sternly and then helped Nara up. 
Staggering, Nara was assisted to her feet by Keira, who then looked toward Austin. 
Keira caught on to her intention and immediately said, “Is it enough now? Austin, you promise you won’t harass her and her brother again!” 
Austin met Nara’s persistent gaze.
For some reason, Austin felt reminded of his sister. 
He pursed his lips, about to nod, when he heard Jackson’s sarcastic remark. “Today’s incident might be settled, but that doesn’t mean I’ve forgotten about the past!” 
That remark caused Keira’s pupils to shrink, her gaze 
ing toward him. 
Jackson watched them with a sinister gleam, “For the matters of the past, I won’t let it drop!” 
With these words, a burst of hatred and irritation 
suddenly surged from Nara’s eyes. Her voice was hoarse as she said, “You…bastard!” 
“Bastard? I am a bastard. What can you do about it? 
Hahaha!” 
Keira immediately looked at Austin. “Didn’t we just agree on that? Doesn’t the word of the Gill family count for anything?” 
Jackson, in his psychological perversion, shouted, “Austin was the one who gave you the promise, not me! Austin won’t bother you anymore, but I never said I 
wouldn’t!” 
Austin furrowed his brow. 
Nara stared at him intently…you…just…didn’t you…” 
She wanted to say, “That wasn’t what you said earlier,” but she couldn’t finish her sentence.
Austin’s brow creased with a rising irritation, and he waved it off. “I have things to do. I’m busy looking for my sister. I don’t have time to waste here with you!” 
That statement shattered all of Nara’s illusions. 
She thought that the words of wealthy people counted for something, but she hadn’t expected them to be so 
shameless! 
Her head spun, and her steps faltered. 
Just as she was about to say something, Keira steadied her by the waist. “Nara, I’ll take you home.” 
Nara gave a bitter smile and followed Keira slowly 
toward the door. 
Austin picked up his phone and tried his sister’s number again… 
Meanwhile, the phone that Nara had just picked up started vibrating madly in her hands, and she looked down. Seeing the caller ID, she abruptly turned her gaze toward Austin.
###Chapter 456
Find his sister… 
Lady Gill had just been saying they needed to find her daughter too… 
That person claimed to be her family member had come to look for her… 
So… 
Could she be the person Austin and Lady Gill were looking for? 
At that moment, Nara felt as if she understood something, and to confirm this, she pressed the hang-up button on her phone. 
1 
Austin frowned anxiously and turned to Lady Gill. “Mom, my sister hung up again. What is she doing? Is she busy working? Or is she ill and having surgery here? I’ll try calling her again!” 
Lady Gill also frowned, wanting to say something yet not knowing what to say. 
Nara watched them both without moving her feet but turned off her phone. 
111 
<
Austin dialed again, and sure enough, a prompt 
indicated the phone was switched off. He panicked. 
“Mom, what’s wrong with my sister? Didn’t we agree to 
meet?” 
Lady Gill was also very anxious. “If she’s busy with 
work, it’s fine, but if she’s sick… what kind of illness is 
it? Can it be cured?” 
Nara saw their anxious expressions, yet they only 
made her feel ironic. 
She didn’t react but just stared at Austin. 
Keira noticed her peculiar behavior and looked at her. Nara slowly walked up to Austin. 
Austin’s peripheral vision detected her approach, and 
he turned to her. He then frowned and asked, “What do you want? Dumb mute, aren’t you leaving? Why are you still lingering here? Haven’t you bumped your head enough?” 
Listening to these harsh words, Nara stared at Austin. 
She felt as if she had returned to her childhood…
She was back to those scorching summer days when she played hide and seek with her brother outside the 
10.50 
house. 
Memories from when she was three years old surged 
before her eyes. 
“Little sister, where are you hiding? I can’t find you! Be careful of the bugs when I’m not around to protect 
you…” 
Her brother’s voice lured her. 
Little Nara’s lips curled into a slight smile as she quietly hid behind a cluster of bushes before slowly peeking out her little head. 
Then she suddenly saw a kidnapper rushing over, grabbing her brother, and attempting to take him 
away. 
Little as she was, she immediately panicked. 
“Austin!”
She rushed out, using all her strength to hold onto the kidnapper’s leg, “Let go of my brother!” 
The kidnapper tried hard to shake her off, but unfortunately, despite her tiny frame, she was very 
strong. 
111 
о 
When the kidnapper wrenched her hands off, she bit down on the kidnapper’s leg, refusing to let go… 
Exasperated by her persistence, the kidnapper · demanded, “I’ll let go of your brother. Let go of me!” 
Nara heard her brother’s voice. “Help! Help us!” 
She didn’t know if her brother had been released; she only knew that if she let go without her brother being freed, these villains would take him away. 
So she clung tightly to the kidnapper’s leg, unwilling to release her bite or her grip. 
In the end, all she heard the kidnapper say was, “Damn 
it! Run!” 
Then she was hauled onto a vehicle… 
Only then did she see that her brother had been thrown to the ground. She pounded desperately on t
window, trying to escape. 
But the vehicle had already started with no chance to 
stop. 
She saw her brother running after the van… 
Her brother cried after her, “Sister!” 
Г 
417 
His tears streamed down his face. 
She cried out in fear, “Austin!” 
Her brother shouted, “Don’t be afraid! I will protect 
you! Don’t worry… I’ll come to find you… I won’t let anyone harm you…” 
She cried so loudly in the vehicle, wailing until, because she was a girl, they found her too annoying and simply threw her out. 
Then, the kidnappers fled. 
She found herself dumped on the ground, her head injured and bleeding…
She could barely remember what had happened 
before… 
Later, when she woke up, she saw Matias standing 
before her. 
Clinging to Matias, she tried to cry out, “Big brother,” but though she opened her mouth wide, she couldn’t utter a single word. 
Matias was about the same age as Austin. He touched her head gently, and seeing her desperation to speak, 
he said. “Don’t be scared. I’m here…” 
Matias took her home. 
Back then, Matias still had a mother and father, but later, they both died in a car accident. 
Their uncle took over their home and drove the two siblings out. 
Matias worked to pay for her schooling while earning a living… 
Nara felt confused, so confused that it gave her a headache.
Memories from her early years, which she barely remembered, seemed etched in her bones and now flooded back. 
Nara stared unrelentingly at Austin. 
After a long pause, she opened her mouth and 
suddenly clasped Austin’s hand, calling his name. 
“Austin…”
###Chapter 457
Nara looked at Austin’s face with tears streaming down her cheeks. 
But in the next moment, Austin flung her hand away. He looked at her with annoyance and disgust in his voice. “What are you doing? You stupid mute, you’re filthy!” 
Nara stumbled back, looking at him in disbelief. 
She stared at Austin, dumbfounded. 
Her voice was a bit hoarse, making Austin unable to hear her clearly. After pushing Nara away, he couldn’t help but say, “What bad luck! If my clothes get dirty because of your touch, my sister may ignore me whe she sees me. If that happens, I definitely won’t let you off the hook!” 
Nara looked at him in disbelief. 
The face of the man before her and the brother she remembered from her childhood couldn’t merge in her 
eyes… 
She then looked toward Lady Gill… 
10.56 
<
The kind, loving eyes from her childhood were now coldly staring at her. “Keep away from my son! Don’t infect him with your muteness! If it weren’t for you, how could our family and the Olsens have come to such a stage?!” 
Lady Gill then looked toward the bodyguards. “What are you standing around for? Get these two out of here, now!” 
Then, she pointed to Keira. “Remember her face. From now on, they are both banned from entering our hospital!” 
The bodyguards outside immediately rushed in toward Nara and Keira. “Please leave.” 
Keira said coldly, “We can leave ourselves.” 
She looked toward Nara. 
Nara’s eyes were brimming with tears, her express indescribable as she looked toward Austin and Lady 
Gill… 
She bit her lip hard with a look of stubbornness and unwillingness in her eyes. 
She clenched her fists, then suddenly let out a cold 
III 
< 
laugh. Holding Keira’s arm, she turned and walked out. 
As she passed by Austin, she didn’t glance at him again. 
Time seemed to slow down in that moment… 
With a mother and a brother like them… Good 
riddance! 
Austin stepped back, casting her a disdainful glance before taking out his phone to redial his sister’s number. “The phone you’re calling is switched off…” 
Austin said, “Mom, is my sister living in such poverty that she can’t pay her phone bill? Or maybe her phone isn’t good enough and ran out of battery!” 
With teary eyes, Austin continued. “She must have suffered a lot.” a 
1 
Lady Gill said, “We must find her as soon as possible We have to make it up to her!” 
Austin nodded, “Okay.” – 
Lying on the hospital bed, Jackson listened to their conversation and glanced at Nara as she walked away. He smirked darkly and gloated inwardly.
30.56 
< 
After leaving the hospital, Keira saw Nara in a dejected mood. She walked on the street as if her soul had been drained, numb to her surroundings. 
Her wound wasn’t severe and had already begun to scab over. Keira only needed to bandage it up. 
Thinking that Nara was worried about not having a job, Keira took her hand and said, “Why don’t you submit a resume to the Nora Research Institute?” 
Nara was surprised, and then let out a bitter smile. 
She thought, “Miss Olsen probably doesn’t realize how stringent the Nora Research Institute’s hiring standards are,” but she still nodded in compliance. 
She never liked to trouble other people… 
Keira was going to take Nara home. 
But Nara took out paper and pen and attempted to write, only to find that her injured hand couldn’t. 
She lowered her gaze and compliantly let Keira drive her to the alley entrance. 
The alley was too narrow for the car to enter, so Nara
W8 
< 
got out to walk the long, winding path at the mouth of the alley. 
Keira wanted to accompany her, but Nara refused. 
Then, under Keira’s watchful eye, Nara exited the car and entered the alley. 
She walked a long time in the alley, finally stopping by the water pipe, which was a block away from her house. She washed her face, then leaned against it, quietly waiting for time to pass. 
Only after six in the evening did she turn around, pat her face, and enter her house. 
After she entered, Keira and Lewis emerged from around the corner, approaching the wall just in time to hear Nara’s happy voice, “Ah!” 
Matias asked, “How was the internship today?” 
Then, seemingly noticing Nara’s wound, he asked, “What happened to your hand? Has someone injured you?” 
Matias understood sign language. Hence, Nara could communicate with him without difficulty. 
Separated by a door, Keira saw Nara smiling, gesturing
with her hands. Although Keira didn’t understand sign language, she could guess the meaning, 
“No, I got hurt taking care of a patient! How was your day at home? I’m so tired. Do we have any food?” 
Matias then relaxed, hobbling as he spoke. “Dinner’s on the stove. I made sure to save you some. I made your favorite chicken wings. Nara, are you okay?” 
Nara nodded, continuing to gesture. “I’m fine. I have to work tomorrow, and I’m dead tired. I’ll go to sleep after dinner.” 
Matias nodded. 
Nara went into her room. 
… 
Keira felt sorry for the girl. 
She looked at Lewis, sighing silently. 
Lewis said, “We should arrange for someone to protec 
them.” 
Keira nodded. “They must be protected, but I don’t want to restrict their freedom, and if the Gill family is targeting them, we can’t be around all the time.”
Lewis pursed his lips. “Let’s protect them for now.” 
“Yeah.” 
The two slowly turned around and returned to the car, driving toward the South residence. 
… 
Meanwhile, in the hospital. 
The bodyguards checked all the medical staff and patients one by one. The few young women close to Nara’s age were all proven not to be members of the Gill family; moreover, their phone numbers didn’t match the one Austin had. 
Austin paced anxiously. “Mom, what’s going on? My sister was here. How could she have disappeared?” 
Lady Gill furrowed her brow, suddenly thinking of something. “Could it be…” 2
###Chapter 458
Austin asked anxiously, “What is it?” a 
Lady Gill frowned, and after a long pause, she finally said, “Before we got here, many people must have left the hospital. Did she leave already?” 
Austin immediately said, “There’s surveillance at the entrance. We’ll have someone check the footage from that time!” 
Lady Gill laughed bitterly, “This hospital department has several entrances and exits. Searching will probably take time.” 
Austin became anxious, “But we still have to check!” 
Lady Gill looked at him. “Of course, we will check! 
What are you so anxious about?” 
Austin then lowered his head. “Because we finally got news about my little sister.” 
Lady Gill didn’t know why, but she suddenly thought of Keira and that girl named Nara… 
She suddenly frowned, feeling confident that Nara wasn’t her daughter, but still, she reminded Austin. 
“Don’t bully girls like the one we just saw ever again! Understand?” 
Austin pouted. “I have never bullied her, okay? What’s the point of bullying girls who come from nothing and have no power to fight back? I only did that because she caused Jackson’s injury… 
… 
The hospital was a mess, as they nearly turned the inpatient department upside down during their search. Keira and Lewis drove back to the South residence. 
“Having caused such a scene with the Gill family, how can we still cooperate with them?” 
Keira was a bit worried. “If the cooperation doesn’t succeed, I won’t be able to complete the task the South family gave me, and then I can’t save my mom…” 
Lewis’s eyes darkened. “I’ll think of a way.” 
If it came down to it, he would resort to special 
measures! 
He would acquire the Gill family and then cooperate with Keira. 
Keira glanced at him sidelong. “Since the Horton family moved to Clance, you haven’t been home yet, have you? Should you visit them sometime, lest the second branch take over Horton Group?” 
Lewis’s gaze dropped, and a chill flashed through h eyes. “If they want it, let them have it. We’ll see if the have the ability to keep it! Do they think I want to take over the Horton Group if it wasn’t for Grandma?” 
The little Horton Group was not what he wanted at all. 
Keira paused slightly upon hearing this. “What did you say?” 
A flicker passed through Lewis’s eyes. “Nothing.” 
Keira was about to press further when she saw a familiar car stop in front of her house. 
Keira raised her eyebrows, opened the door, and got out; sure enough, in the courtyard, she saw Ellis. 
The sky had already darkened. 
Ellis wore a black suit, standing quietly as if blending into the darkness; if one didn’t look carefully, he was barely noticeable. 
It seemed he heard footsteps because he slowly 
111 
<
turned his head. Upon seeing Keira, his eyes turned 
indifferent once again as he continued to look toward 
the entrance. 
He lit a cigarette and looked up at a certain windo the second floor. 
That was Mary’s room. 
Keira couldn’t help but say, “Ellis, go back. Mary won’t see you.” 
“I know.” 
Ellis said indifferently, “I just want to be here with her.” 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She walked up to Ellis, looked at him earnestly, and said, “Ellis, have you ever heard a saying?” 
“What?” 
“Belated affection is worthless.” 
11 11 
… 
Ellis froze and stiffened.
Then, he cast his eyes down and said no more. 
After Keira finished her mocking, she went straight 
111 
< 
into the house. 
If it hadn’t been for her and Lewis’s timely discovery of Ellis’s actions, Mary’s child would have been gone by 
now! 
He attempted to murder the baby; there was nothing to argue about. 
Mary would never forgive him. 
After Keira entered the living room, Lewis followed 
her, pausing briefly as he passed by Ellis. 
Then he cleared his throat. “I warned you before. I told you the child was yours.
Ellis gave a bitter smile, offering no further explanation. 
Lewis entered the living room just in time to see Keira fuming as she sat at the dining table. 
He washed his hands and walked over to sit beside her. 
After picking up a piece of spare rib for Keira, he said thoughtfully, “Actually, Ellis did three tests…” 
Keira paused, then looked at him with sharp eyes. “So 
< 
what?” 
Lewis coughed, and the idea of speaking on Ellis’s behalf evaporated upon meeting her gaze. 
It is better to let sleeping dogs lie than create a rift between Keira and himself because of Ellis’s affairs. 
So, he quickly changed the subject. “All three tests pointed to azoospermia, which suggests a problem. Do you think it could be related to the South family?” 
His words made Keira slightly startled. “Why would you say that?”
Seeing she no longer pursued his previous remarks, Lewis coughed again. “Because the first task the South- family wanted you to do to cooperate with the five major families was to have Ellis marry Mary. Ellis has remained unmarried all these years because of the azoospermia. It’s as if they were, increasing the difficulty of your task?” 
Keira was perplexed. 
She stroked her chin, suddenly finding the idea entirely plausible! 
Lewis quietly breathed a sigh of relief. 
III 
< 
But just as he relaxed, he heard Keira ask sardonically, “So what you’re saying is, Ellis did what he did because 
of his condition? Then do you think Mary should forgive him?” 
Lewis was dumbfounded. 
How did the topic circle back again?
He coughed. 
Then he immediately shook his head. “Of course, she can’t forgive him yet! Even if Ellis was deceived, he should have trusted Mary. If it were you, I would have trusted you without hesitation.” 2 
He showed his stance and picked a side, and now everything should be fine, right? 
When Lewis thought of this, he heard Keira say, “What 
do you mean she can’t forgive him yet?” 
Lewis was speechless. 
While the two were talking, Mary had already come downstairs. 
Keira abruptly ended the topic, effectively saving Lewis’s life. 
719 
Mary sat at the dining table, eating her meal absentmindedly. 
Her gaze kept falling on the front gate. 
She knew Ellis was outside. 
But she still quickly withdrew her gaze and contin her meal.
Keira curled her lips. “Mary, ignore him. He has done something wrong, and he must pay the price! If he stands outside and refuses to leave, it would be best if a bolt of lightning struck him dead!” 
Immediately after that, a streak of lightning flashed… 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Almost subconsciously, she looked outside, 
half-expecting her words to come true, only to see Ellis unharmed. It was just her wishful thinking. 
But soon, the downpour began. 
In seconds, Ellis was drenched, looking like a drowned
###Chapter 459
Mary paused while eating, but she didn’t speak. 
Instead, she finished her soup before setting down the bowl. “I’m full.”@ 
Keira immediately said, “Have a little more. You are eating for two now.” 
Mary gave a bitter smile. “I don’t have an appetite.” 
Keira sighed. “Alright then… go get rest.” 
Mary pursed her lips and finally looked out the window before she said, “Keera, can you…” 
“Yes, I will send him away right now.” 
Keira stood up, walked to the door, picked up an 
umbrella, and went straight into the heavy rain, where 
she reached Ellis, and let out a silent sigh. 
Ellis was already soaked to the bone. 
The cool wind blew against him, but he seemed to feel nothing. 
Keira said, “Ellis, are you forcing Mary?” 
Ellis paused. “I’m not.” 
111 
0 
Keira then lowered her eyes. “By standing here, aren’t you forcing her or me to let you in?” 
Ellis looked at her with hopeful eyes. “So can I come 
in…” 
“You can’t.” 
Keira coldly refused. 
She said, “You being here distracts Mary. She just had a miscarriage; her body is weak and needs proper rest. Are you sure you still want to be here?” 
Ellis was taken aback. 
Keira sighed. “At the very least, give her some more time to think about it. This happened just yesterday, 
and you’re already pressuring her to forgive you today, 
think that’s possible? 
do 
you 
Ellis’s fingers tightened.
After a moment, he slowly raised his head to look toward the second floor. 
There, a figure appeared at the window, but it was only a shadow. 
Ellis gave a bitter smile. “Sister, do you think Mary will 
0 
6690Chapter 458 
give me?” 
don’t know.”Keira looked at him”Iflititveeremael, I bably wouldn’t forgive you, but her… I”moosiste.” 
nallaadadlways been a free-spirited persoon. 
eLeewiswasi indecisive between his old flabare 
stleecblogsetto withdraw. If Lewisi dared to treathe wayyisdidMary, she would definitelyllelavee. 
shunghisshead and chuckled bitterly. I’m justst adsbleewoon’t forgive me.” 
raasighed again.”But if you stay here, she definitelyly 
ttsleepwelltonight.” 
errshleesaidthaat, sleepputt the umbrella in Ellis’s hand,d, mturned around, intending to run back home, butit all emshe lookedbakk, skleessawlLewis standing behindd in his pajamasshoddinggaan unbrella.
immediatelyytookksbleiterunder Lewis’s umbrella, the two offthermturned around and entered the e 1g room. 
er entering the house, Keirnastomped her feet to get of the dampnesscomberskloosstheensslessaid to 
is, ‘It’s just a few steps; I couldhaverrun. Why did 
10.19 
||| 
CD 
0 
you come out too? Look, your clothes have gotten damp.” 
Lewis looked down at her without speaking. 
He had said he would walk every step of the way with her from now on. 
These few steps were part of that journey, too. 
He reached out to tousle Keira’s hair, smiled gently, placed the umbrella aside, then nudged his chin toward Keira’s back.
Keira turned around and saw Ellis holding the umbrella, already silently turning around to walk toward the doorway. 
She breathed a sigh of relief. “If he really stood here all night, Mary definitely wouldn’t be able to sleep, especially since right now she’s already overthinking things. I’m genuinely worried about her child…” 
This child really had a hard fate. 
Unwanted by the father, tormented by various abortion drugs, and then having to undergo amniocentesis… 
If Mary hadn’t been well-nourished and healthy since 
10.19 
||| 
0 
Childhood, she might have had a miscarriage. 
ewis nodded. “Don’t think too much about it. Let’s go olbed. You’ve also had a long day.” 
Okay.” 
Only then did Keira and Lewis go upstains. Il 
hecked on the sleeping Amy, who was now chu ntthe face and was no longer ass thim ass before.
he was sleeping soundly… 
for children, no matter how tough times were in the ast, if they live happily for long enough, they tend to onget past sromows. 
usta little more kindness from their parents would! hake them very happy. 
Wouldn’t it be me iff Mary could be like a child and orget the passi 
Unfortunately, there were mo iits. 
The damage Ellis inflicted on her was already done and vas beyondinepair. 
eina stroked Amy’s cheek and left the room with ewis. 
111 
0 
(459 59 Chapter 458 
As theywere leaving, Lewis couldn’t help but ask, “Do yowlikikkikids that much?” 
“Yes,sKeirnereplied. “They’re so innocent and cute! Theydolo’t have any worries in their eyes.” 
Lewis lowerere dibiscoice, “Then, how about few more enith the future?” 
“Well, if you can gegetipregnant, I don’t mind having few more,eKeitarnobiled her eyes.
Lewis paused sligidly. 
Then he sighed quietlyly 
Indeed, how could a woman with Keira’s personality be willing to have childrère fofchihim? 
He only hated that the uteris/was part of the female body. If it were up to himinhould definitely have more children to keep herebybibisidide. 
For some reason, he alwaysyfele likik Keira was moving further and further away from hihim. 
Just as Lewis’s heart was growinggaldichchcheard Keira lazily speak again. “One boy and drogigirikis enough.” 
0 
Lewis was surprised. 
His eyes suddenly lit up, and he hurried after her. “Then should we have a boy first, or a girl first?” 
“Either is fine. Do you prefer a boy or a girl?” 
“As long as it’s a child you give birth to, I’ll lik he said. 
11 11 
Keira rolled her eyes and glanced at him. “Mr. Horton, do you know what you look like right now?”
“What?” 
“A”A lovesick boy.” 
11 
Lewis chuckled but still followed her. “Lovesickness is ththe best betrothal gift a man can have.” 
TIThat night, Keira paid the price for her teasing Lewis. WWhen the first round ended, despite planning to have a a good sleep, she found herself being pulled back into hibisrarms. 
KKcirasasked, “..Can we stop for today?” 
10-20 
111 
14 
7730 
“No,” Lewis’s voice was hoarse. “I can’t help it.” 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She tried hard to push Lewis away. “You need to show some restraint, This is bad for your health.” 
“I know,” Lewis’s kisses fell again. “But I’m in lo
11 11 
… 
She was held by Lewis, moving from the sofa to the bed, until finally, she felt so exhausted that she couldn’t even move her fingers. 
Lewis still held her tightly. 
She shifted slightly, sighed, and said, “Go to bed, you big romantic.” 
Keira was so tired that she closed her eyes, seemingly about to fall asleep any second. Lewis couldn’t help but laugh silently. 
After all the day’s events, he figured she’d overthink with her whimsical nature, so it might be better to get some exercise to help her sleep. 
He lay beside her and suddenly got up, taking his phone to the balcony, and dialed Tom’s number, 
0 
“Check on the Gill family for me…” 
Tom immediately asked, “Check for what?” 
Lewis’s eyes darkened, “Everything.”
Tom was taken aback, carefully asking, “And then?” 
“Acquire it.” 
Tom was taken aback. 
A 
“Boss, Horton Group can’t take over the Gill family. Are you going to use overseas power?” 
Lewis stared into the darkness ahead, its uncertainty resembling an unknown danger. His voice was indifferent. “Yes.” 
His tone was as if he was buying a hamburger. “Got it.” 
Tom’s response was also straightforward. “But Boss, didn’t you say before you wouldn’t touch domestic families? Are you not afraid of exposing your identity by doing this now?” 
Lewis sneered, “That’s for you to worry about.” 
“…Alright,” Tom muttered to himself. “After taking over 
the Cill family do voi 
want to take over the other 
III 
0
families too? Miss Olsen is supposed to collaborate with the five major families, why don’t you just take them all over and offer them to Miss Olsen as a betrothal gift…” 
… 
Perhaps because he was fully satisfied, Lewi high tolerance for his assistant’s constant prat However, just before hanging up, Lewis suddenly added “Oh, and look into that Nara Gill and the Gill family…”
###Chapter 460
460 Chapter 459 
Tom asked in confusion, "What investigation? Does Nara Gill have any ties to the Gill family?" 
Their overseas acquisition of the Gill family was fraught with hidden dangers. 
After all, they never stirred up trouble domestically. 
If they acquired the Gill family, they wouldn't have enough human resources to manage it. The best solution would still be to find a way to turn Keira and the Gill family from foes into friends. 
However, Lewis casually answered, "Just look into Nara and Matias Gill, and then assign someone to protect them." 
Tom twitched the corner of his mouth. "Boss, you are... Is it because Miss Olsen has a good relationship with them? Alright then... Oh, by the way, it seems like the second branch of the Horton family is stirring up trouble again." 
Lewis responded indifferently, "As long as Grandma is fine, the fate of that entire family has nothing to do with me." 
"Roger that!" 
After that, Tom noticed that his boss was unusually talkative today, so he couldn't help asking, "By the way, about that overseas project..." 
He hadn't finished his sentence when Lewis interrupted him, "Since I've entrusted these matters to you, you can take full responsibility for them. I am busy." 
Tom was shocked. 
No... He thought, "The overseas business has great power and so many issues every day, and you ignore them all to make phone calls about acquiring the Gill family and protecting two laymen... What are you so busy with?!" 
Perhaps Lewis heard the complaints in Tom's head, and his lips curved into a slight smile. "I'm busy driving for my wife." 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
After hanging up, Lewis turned and entered the room to see Keira sleeping in the same position. 
She must have been exhausted; there were beads of sweat on her forehead. 
Lewis approached her and gently wiped the sweat from her face. He then went to the bathroom, dampened a towel, and brought it over to wipe her body. 
In her sleep, Keira felt refreshed. She turned over, found a comfortable position, and slept even more soundly. 
... 
At Nara's home. 
Nara tossed and turned all night, unable to sleep. 
Without a job the next day, she didn't want to worry her brother by telling him, so she hadn't yet thought of a way to cope. 
Someone who had barely slept looked haggard when they got up in the morning. 
Matias was still hobbling with a cane and had made breakfast for her. As she sat down to eat, he looked at her and asked, "Why do you look so pale? Were you too tired yesterday?" 
Nara nodded and gestured with her hands. "I'm too busy. I have to go!" 
She put down her bowl and left the house. 
However, once outside, she had no idea where to go and could only walk to the nearby park and sit on the bench. 
She hung her head low. 
Without an internship experience, graduating from a medical major was impossible. 
But if she couldn't graduate, she would never have a medical license, and thus, she could never be a doctor. 
She looked at her wrist, her eyes filling with sadness. 
Was she destined to be separated from the medical field forever? 
No... 
She couldn't just accept this fate! 
Thinking this way, Nara picked up her phone and sent resumes to various hospitals. 
She had always been a stubborn and strong girl... 
After she sent resumes to a few companies, her phone suddenly rang, and she eagerly picked it up. A voice came from the other side, "Nara, right? We're from the hospital. You don't need to take all this trouble sending resumes. Let me tell you, the Gill family has announced publicly that no hospital will hire you... " 
Upon hearing this, a flash of shock and anger passed through Nara's eyes. 
After hanging up, she clenched her fists tightly. 
A tear formed in her eyes. 
How could this be... 
How could her mother and brother be so cruel? 
She would never forgive them! Never!! 
Holding her head, she started to cry. 
After crying for a long time, Nara suddenly looked up. There was one hospital to which she hadn't sent a resume yet! 
And that was the Nora Research Institute! 
But... the Nora Research Institute had never recruited interns, so she had never sent a resume. 
Could she, perhaps, give it a try? 
Nara looked at her phone, swallowed, and, mustering all her courage, sent her resume to the Nora Research Institute's email address. 
Then she waited anxiously for a reply. 
Time seemed to drag on before her phone suddenly burst into life. 
Nara excitedly picked it up, only to hear Jackson's voice. "Hahaha! Nara, I heard you've been sending out internship resumes everywhere. You can't even land an intern position, can you? This is the price you ought to pay!" 
Nara bit her lip hard. 
Jackson immediately said, "It's all Austin and Lady Gill's doing. They want to see you disgraced, unable to find work for the rest of your life, and paying the price for your actions! Nara! Just you wait!" 
Nara's eyes began to water. 
Jackson immediately added. "And I've heard you sent a resume to the Nora Research Institute. Hahaha, haven't I already told you? We control the medical system, and I've posted your resume on your school's intranet. You've become a laughingstock!" 
Hearing this, Nara immediately opened the school's intranet. 
She saw her email posted there, followed by a string of mocking comments. 
— Seriously? The Nora Research Institute never hires undergraduate students. Nara is overestimating herself, right? 
— This is bad. Nara is making our school look bad, isn't she? 
— She wouldn't think she's so great just because she's first in her courses, would she? 
— Oh my God, I feel so ashamed! 
— Me too! 
— Will the Nora Research Institute have a negative impression of our school now? 
— What is Nara doing?! 
... 
... 
Line after line of comments struck Nara as if the world was spinning! 
It was just an attempt when she sent her resume, but this public humiliation filled her with rage! 
She clenched her fists tightly and burst into tears again. 
Why? 
Why were the Gills doing this to her? Just because she was poor? How could they be so malicious? 
After crying for who knows how long, her phone suddenly vibrated. It seemed she had received a message.
###Chapter 461
Nara picked up her phone in a daze, only to see a text 
message. 
She took a deep breath, wiped away the tear stains on her face, and opened the message. 
The message was from an unfamiliar number, it read. “Hello, we have received your resume. Please come to our company for an interview. Nora Research 
Institute.” 
Nara stared at the content, her expression one of 
shock and astonishment, 
Had she read that wrong? 
She frantically wiped the corners of her eyes and 
looked at the message again, only to see the words still there, unchanged. 
She suddenly stood up, staring incredulously at her phone. 
What was going on? 
The Nora Research Institute replied to her email?! 
||| 
17
< 
< 
She was so astonished that she burst into tears of joy. 
While she was shocked, a neighbor said, “Nara, what are you doing here? I just saw your older brother. He looked furious as he walked by. Did something happen. 
at home?” 
Nara was taken aback. 
She quickly grabbed the neighbor’s arm and wrote, “You said my brother just saw me from a distance?” 
“Yeah, he was standing there watching you for quite some time. When I came over to say hello, I saw him. take out his phone and check your school’s intranet. Then he stormed off. Didn’t something happen?” 
A shock went through Nara’s chest as she suddenly realized what was happening. 
“Thank you,” she wrote. 
Leaving these words behind, she immediately dashed toward the hospital where she was interning. 
Her brother must have seen her crying, then looked at the school intranet and discovered everything that happened. He was on his way to stand up for her! 
Damn it!
Then she remembered the bodyguards from the Gill family at the hospital. Biting her lip, she quickly took out her phone and texted Keira while running. 
“Keera, my brother went to see Jackson!” 
After sending the message, she got on the bus and anxiously urged the bus driver to move faster. 
Indeed, even in such a tense moment, Nara never considered taking a taxi. In her mind, that was an extremely luxurious thing to do. 
The bus soon reached her stop, and she ran as fast as possible, but she was still a few steps behind her 
brother. 
In the hospital room, Jackson was humiliating Ma 
“What’s the use of begging me by kneeling here? Le me tell you, I don’t want your apology. Your sister wa here the other day; she gave me ten loud, useless 
kowtows! 
“How about this? Crawl under my bodyguard’s crotch! Oh, and maybe pee yourself afterward and then lick it clean? Then I might consider letting your sister off the 
hook!” 
) 
Then came Matias’s enraged roar. “Jackson, don’t push your luck! My surname is still Gill. Aren’t you afraid I’ll go to the head of the Gill clan?” 
The Gill clan was a major clan in Clance, with their own head and clan records. 
Normally, people appeal to them for resolution of any matter, only turning to the police as a last resort. 
These were deemed internal affairs of the Gill family, 
after all. 
Jackson laughed scornfully upon hearing this. “What are you? Do you think you can just enter the clan head’s residence at will? And have you forgotten..” 
Jackson laughed arrogantly. The current head of t Gill clan is my father! Are you going to complain ab me to my father? How hilarious! Matias, you and you sister are just distant relatives from who knows how many generations ago. Do you think my father will favor me or you?” 
Nara felt as if she was struck by lightning, and she froze in place upon hearing this. 
She stared fixedly at the door of the hospital room. 
09.07 
< 
She was utterly baffled. 
Wasn’t this a society ruled by law? Why could Jackson 
be so brazen? 
Nara clenched her fists tightly, her fingertips touching the jade pendant around her neck. 
If it was a matter of status, didn’t that make her the legitimate heir to the direct lineage? 
She was shaking. Blood rushed to her head as she suddenly strode into the hospital room! 
At the South residence. 
Keira had just woken up and was looking at her 
Before she opened Nara’s message, Lewis said, “M and Nara have gone to see Jackson.” 
Only then did Keira see the content of the message. 
She stood up abruptly. “Why did they go to see 
Jackson?” 
Lewis remarked coolly, “They’re just making trouble for themselves.” 
< 
||| 
them off just because they said a few nice words to 
him. 
They were too naive! 
Before Keira could act, Lewis had already handed over her coat, leading her outside. 
Keira had long become accustomed to his meticulous care, and they left the house together. 
Lewis suddenly slowed down the car as they drove out of the neighborhood. Keira was slightly taken aback. “What’s wrong?” 
Lewis pointed toward somewhere not far away. 
Keira turned and realized that Ellis had been silent standing there, intently watching their gate. 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
So, he hadn’t been waiting in front of the villa but had come here to stay all night? 
His suit was still damp, and his hair seemed to have dried in the wind. His complexion was pale, and his lips were colorless. He looked exhausted as if he had caught a cold.
###Chapter 462
Keira sighed silently and then looked toward Lewis again. 
Lewis watched her quietly. “Shall we leave first, or…” 
Keira then said, “Let’s go to the hospital first.” 
“Okay.” 
Lewis drove past Ellis. 
Ellis seemed not to have noticed them at all, his gaze fixed on the direction of the gate. 
Through the rearview mirror, Keira watched him. 
At that moment, time seemed to slow down, and a 
sep 
car passed by Ellis, she could him trembling slightly in the breeze. 
She averted her gaze, afraid of feeling too heartbroken 
for him. 
Lewis said, “Actually, it’s not that he doesn’t trust Mary…” 
He had barely started speaking when he paused briefly, then cautiously glanced at Keira before saying, 
17 
“You might not fully understand what azoospermia 
means to a man.” 
Keira asked, “What does it mean?” 
“It’s a kind of humiliation, I guess. Men are very foolish. I remember that, in college, Ellis would come over and 
compete with me to see who could pee further in the bathroom.” 
Keira was speechless. 
That was incredibly childish! 
Perhaps because she didn’t grow up in the best 
environment, she matured early mentally and couldn’t 
understand such behavior. 
But now she was suddenly very curious, “Who peed 
further?” 
Lewis didn’t know what to say. 
His mouth twitched slightly, then he said, “Girls shouldn’t concern themselves with these things.”
Then he smiled, arrogantly adding, “Of course, it was 
me.” 
Keira was speechless. 
7 
“If you’re not childish, what are you so proud of?!” 
She rolled her eyes, “And then?” 
Lewis continued. “His personality is very flamboyant,- and he’s an exceptional man, He’s always been an elite. figure in the circle, admired by people. Look at him. He didn’t get married until he was at this age. It’s only because he’s afraid of his azoospermia becoming 
exposed; that indicates his pride. 
“He doesn’t want anyone to know about it, so he keeps all the Olsens in the dark. Everyone thinks he’s just a player, which was why he refused to marry…” 
After that, Lewis added, “For him, azoospermia is like devastating blow. But when Mary said she was pregnant, Ellis was willing to go for another check-up and even to other hospitals. It was in itself a kind of 
humiliation.” 
Keira frowned but didn’t argue. 
Lewis continued. “Moreover, he did it three times.”
Lewis focused on the road ahead, driving carefully. “Each time was a humiliation for him, and he experienced it three times. 
00 57 
“Keira, from Mary’s perspective, of course, he’s in the wrong, but what if you consider his perspective?” 
“I know what kind of person you think Mary is and that she wouldn’t do anything rash, but the circles in Clance are messy, and Mary’s reputation there is terrible. When I first came to Clance, the Davis family. wanted to ally with the Horton family, but the information Tom gathered also pointed to Mary’s controversial private life… Given her reputation, when she suddenly claimed to have Ellis’s child when Ellis 
believed he had azoospermia, it’s understandable that 
he would doubt it.” 
Keira pursed her lips, turning her head to look out th 
car window. 
Lewis carried on. “So, Ellis isn’t beyond redemption.” 
Keira sighed deeply. “I understand what you’re saying. But who can truly empathize with Mary’s sorrow? You’ve seen her circumstances; she’s helpless – her parents and uncle are not something she can say no to, and her previous bad reputation isn’t truly reflective of who she is… but for whatever
reason, Ellis almost caused her to lose her child, inflicting substantial harm both physically and psychologically. 
And then…” 
She said quietly, “Do you know what BFF means?” 
Lewis shook his head. 
Keira’s eyes seemed a little hollow. “I never had friends 
as a child, so I never had a BFF. But when I put myself in my sister’s shoes, who grew up with Mary, I believe she would side with Mary unconditionally.” 
She looked at Lewis. “Being BFFs means unconditional forgiveness. So, I won’t speak any words in favor of Ellis. As long as Mary doesn’t forgive him, neither will 
I.” 
Lewis nodded upon hearing this. “Understood.” 
He didn’t speak further on Ellis’s behalf but changed the subject. “Regarding the Gill family, we can confront them head-on today.”
“That’s what I think, too,” said Keira, her eyes revealing a hint of resentment. “Again and again, they bully those siblings, kicking one when they’re down! With such scoundrels, I really can’t understand why Lady Gill would continue to protect Jackson. Isn’t Lady Gill a person who can distinguish right from wrong?” 
“The answer is simple.” 
Lewis said, “Lady Gill has to consider the Gill family’s reputation, so she won’t admit they are wrong even though she knows Jackson is at fault.” 
Keira sneered, “Is the reputation of the five great families of Clance that important? If so, our cooperation with the Gill family seems only to have two possible solutions.” 
“Which two?” 
“Acquire the Gill family!” 
Keira said decisively. 
At those words, the corners of Lewis’s mouth curled 
1. He was about to speak when Keira continued. “But that’s not very realistic. Be it the Olsen family or my resources, even if we add the Horton family, we can’t swallow such a big bone like the Gill family. So, we must resort to the second method.”
Lewis paused slightly. 
Then he heard Keira say, “We’ll help the Gill family find their daughter! The big fuss the Gill family made recently about looking for a piece of jade was about 
||| 
searching for their lost daughter. So, as long as we know the whereabouts of that piece of jade, we can help them find their daughter. Judging by the affection Lady Gill and Austin have for her, we can likely resolve this issue that way.” 
Keira took out her phone, opened the ad, and looked at the piece of jade while frowning. “Why do I feel like I’ve seen this piece of jade before?”
###Chapter 463
Lewis looked at her, “How is it familiar?” 
Keira touched her chin and tilted her head. “I 
remember that day when Jackson gave Nara a piece of jade. This one seems a bit like that one.” 
After that, she suddenly looked up at Lewis. “How old is Nara?” 
Lewis hesitated. “How would I know that?” 
Keira immediately said, “She seems about the same age. Could it be… I’ll go ask Nara later!” 
As they spoke, the car entered the hospital gate. 
Lewis dropped Keira off at the entrance and then went to the parking lot. 
Keira quickly rushed upstairs. 
Before entering the ward, she heard Matias’s voice coming from inside. “Nara, let go of me! I’m just going to kowtow a few times. I can’t let him delay your job-hunting because of me!” 
Keira immediately stepped forward and saw Nara 
tugging at Matias, trying to get him to stand up. She gestured with her fingers to express herself. “Brother, I don’t need you to do this! Get up!” 
Matias shook his head. “Don’t worry about me. Let him
get this anger out of his system, and we’ll have an easier time afterward. You studied so hard, always waking up early and staying up late. Before the college entrance exam, I remember you only slept five hours a day and used ginger to stay awake. You even putting menthol drops in your eyes…” 
Matias’s voice choked up with sobs. “Just because you can’t speak, you must work harder than others. To get into the same college, you had to put in more effort than everyone else… Once others get into college, they think it’s easy from there on, but not you; you always work hard. In every subject, you scored full marks… You worked hard to get the same internship 
opportunities as everyone else, but I’m such a good-for-nothing!” 
While Matias was speaking, Nara frantically waved her hands, trying to say something, but she couldn’t get the words out. She gestured anxiously. “Brother, I’ve never despised you. I’ve never felt tired or bitter…” 
26 
But Matias held her hand tightly. “I know you don’t feel tired or bitter, but I can’t hold you back! I haven’t 
provided you with a better living environment or medical care. Your voice could have been treated back then, but I was useless and had no money to help you… I can’t be a burden to you anymore. Don’t worry about it. If Jackson can vent his anger and stop making your life difficult, he can make me do anything!” 
Matias looked at Jackson with red-rimmed eyes. “Tell me, what do you want me to do?”
Jackson lay on the hospital bed, smiling gleefully at him. “You’re begging for mercy now? If you had obeye initially, it wouldn’t have come to this! Too bad it’s too late now! Even if you kneel and lick my feet and drink my urine, I won’t let you off! Unless…” 
Matias asked anxiously, “Unless what?” 
Jackson glanced at his own groin. “Unless you destroy your own and become a eunuch like me! Otherwise, I’ll never let you off in this lifetime! I won’t do anything to you. I’ll just torture you slowly, letting you feel the hardships of life!” 
He looked gleefully at Nara. I suppose your sister has 
already felt it, right? How does it feel to have nowhere 
to intern?” 
Nara clenched her fists tightly, glaring at him. 
Jackson spoke again. “Right, that online resume submission thing at your college website, I was the one who leaked it… Nara, you’re shameless. How dare you apply to the Nora Research Institute? How could you be so brazen?” 
Nara immediately gestured with her hand. “Why can’t I? I just wanted to try. There’s no shame in being rejected! I just wanted to give myself one more chance!” 
Jackson couldn’t understand her sign language and scoffed. “What are you gesturing for? I can’t understand you, and I don’t want to hear anything else from you. I’m telling you, the Nora Research
Institute won’t take you! None of the hospitals in Clance will take you! Just give up! You might as well suffer along with your brother and accept my fate… Oh, right, you wanted a job, right? Our family is short of a maid. Are you interested?” 
Nara stared at him furiously. 
Matias said, “Don’t make things hard for my sister. I’ll do it!” 
Jackson spat and laughed scornfully. “You? What use would I have for you? Even if you came to my house, what could you do? You’re a waste. I would have 
you. She 
She may 
gotten Keera by now if it weren’t for even have my child, and I wouldn’t have touched your sister!” 
After saying this, Jackson looked at Nara again. “And you…people as low as you should spend their lives in the mud. I’ll make sure you never become a doctor! I’ll make sure all that knowledge you’ve learned goes to waste! Hahaha!” 
As Jackson was shouting madly, Keira’s voice came from the doorway. “Who says she can’t become a doctor?!”
###Chapter 464
Keira strode into the hospital room and fixed her gaze on Jackson. 
1 
She had heard every single word he just said. 
If Matias hadn’t stopped Jackson, the real Keera might have already been violated! 
This man… was simply despicable! 
If he hadn’t been injured already, Keira would have definitely added a few kicks! 
She stared hard at Jackson. “The Gill family doesn’t own Clance. Do you really think you can do anything you want?” 
Jackson stared back at her. “I don’t know about other industries, but in the medical industry, I’m sure of it! If the Gill family says the word, she’ll find a job in this field!” 
“She has already found one.” 
Keira said lightly. 
Jackson was stunned for a moment, then scoffed. 
“Who would dare to take her in? The only medical team in Clance that is not controlled by my family is the Nora Research Institute. You’re not saying that she was accepted by them, are you? How could
that be possible? Hahaha… 
The lackeys standing around him also laughed. 
“Stop daydreaming already!” 
“The Nora Research Institute never hires undergraduates, especially interns. They’ve never recruited interns all these years!” 
“All medical teams in Clance are controlled by the Gill family. Don’t be so delusional!” 
1 
11 
While the crowd of people babbled on, Keira just dug at her ears, feeling very impatient. 
She simply turned her head to look at Matias and said, “Get up.” 
Matias was still kneeling there with bandages tied around his leg. He didn’t move when he heard her and his eyes were red-rimmed as he clenched his fists tightly. “It’s my fault… it’s because of me that Nara has 
ended 
up like this…” 
“It’s not your fault!”.
Keira bent down, grabbed Matias by the collar, and hoisted him up from the ground. “Your leg was broken by him. If you are bullied, do you just bear it? Since when did fighting back become wrong?! Do you have to silently endure others’ bullying? Nara is your sister! She should be standing with you against these evil forces!” 
But Matias shook his head. “It shouldn’t be like this… It shouldn’t… Nara has done nothing wrong, yet because of me, she’s ended up unable to find even a job… She’s a good kid, the best among all the university students…” 
Keira sighed, “I said, she found a job!” 
Matias was taken aback, then looked toward Nara. “Is 
that true?” 
Nara hesitated a little. 
She wasn’t actually sure if she had found a job, but she did receive an interview notification from the Nora 
Research Institute today. 
She hesitated and then nodded, gesturing, “Brother, I received an interview notification from the Nora 
Research Institute.”
Matias was shocked. “What? An interview notification from the Nora Research Institute?” 
Nara nodded. 
Matias’s eyes widened, and just as he was about to speak, he heard Jackson say, “Nara, what lies are you telling now? If you could receive an interview 
notification from the Nora Research Institute, I’ll eat this stack of papers!” 
His subordinates also scoffed. “Exactly, the Nora Research Institute never hires undergraduates, let alone an intern without a diploma…” 
“You’re lying through your nose! Stop bragging!” 
“Hahaha, that’s hilarious!” 
“Nara, you wouldn’t have dreamed that they sent you an interview invitation, right? Or did you prepare false documents and deceive them?” 
“The Nora Research Institute isn’t foolish. They recruit the top talents in the medical field. Even if you did 
receive an interview notification, it doesn’t mean 
they’ll employ you… Nara, you don’t really believe you’re already part of the Nora Research Institute, do you?”
Nara looked at them angrily but didn’t retort. 
Because she herself felt that the notification was so inexplicably timely… Even now, she felt like she was dreaming. 
Matias then said, “Really?” 
Nara immediately picked up her phone and showed him the text message about the interview from the Nora Research Institute. 
When Matias saw it, his eyes lit up. “It’s true. Nara, go to the interview tomorrow!” 
Nara immediately nodded. 
Just then, Jackson scoffed and said, “This must be 
some scam text, right? If the Nora Research Institute was really notifying you for an interview, they would call, not send a text message!” 
Keira curled her lips. 
Of course, it was because of Keira’s reminder! 
111 
Nara was mute, and she wouldn’t be able to speak on the phone, so naturally, she wouldn’t answer it!
But upon hearing this, Matias frowned. “That’s right, Nara, why would they send you a text? It couldn’t be a scam, could it?” 
Nara looked confused, not knowing how to respond. 
“It’s not a scam.” 
Keira said indifferently, pulling Matias to his feet, “Try it tomorrow, and you’ll know, won’t you? For now, come with us and leave this place!” 
She also wanted to ask Nara what the deal was with that piece of jade! 
Talking to Jackson here was a complete waste of time!
###Chapter 465
465 Chapter 464 
Matias was dragged to his feet, and he helplessly looked at Keira, still not wanting to leave the room. 
1 
No matter how Jackson treated Matias, the latter could live with it, but he didn’t want to involve Nara. 
Perhaps sensing his dilemma, Keira sighed and said, “Haven’t you realized? No matter what, Jackson won’t let you guys off, so there’s no need to stay here. Some people have hearts made of stone, which will never 
soften.” 
Matias looked toward Jackson. 
Jackson sneered. “If your manhood is also destroyed, can you spare the culprit? Indeed, I’ll never let you I’ll torture you little by little, slowly!” 
off. 
Matias’s eyes were red, and he stared hard at Jackson. 
Just then, Nara grabbed Matias’s hand and signed with her hands. “Brother, let’s go. I don’t want to see his 
face” 
Matias lowered his head and walked out the door with 
her. 
10:00 
III 
о 
< 
465 Chapter 464 
Matias still limped as he walked. Just as they left the room, they heard Jackson’s mocking voice. “Ha! What a pair of disabled siblings! A cripple and a mute, that’s pathetic!” 
Matias’s steps faltered slightly, but he didn’t look back. 
After leaving the hospital room, Matias sighed and said, “Nara, I’m sorry. It’s my fault.” 
Nara shook her head and gestured with her hands. “Don’t say that! Brother, we are a family.” 
Matias nodded and said, “Don’t worry. If it comes to it, you can transfer to another university, or if necessary, we’ll go abroad. My leg is almost healed now. Tomorrow, I’ll go look for a job to save money for 
I don’t believe the Gill family’s influence can reach another country!” 
you. 
Nara nodded firmly and continued to sign. “As long as 
the two of us are together, life will be good.” 
She then looked at her mobile phone. 
Seeing this, Matias said, “Do you want to attend the interview at the Nora Research Institute?” 
Nara nodded. 
10:00 
O 
r 
465 Chapter 464 
Matias sighed and said, “I’ve also asked about the Nora Research Institute. It’s true. They don’t recruit interns. Nara, you were probably deceived by someone.” 
Nara also looked dejected, feeling it was impossible. 
Keira pursed her lips and said, “If you want to know if you’re deceived, why not just go and see for yourself tomorrow?” 
Nara looked hesitant. 
But Matias immediately agreed. “Right, let’s go tomorrow and give it a try. I’ll go with you!” 
Seeing the hopeful light in Matias’s eyes, Nara hesitated momentarily, then nodded. 
No matter what, tomorrow’s matter was an opportunity to seize. 
Without trying, they would regret it in the future. 
Seeing they had made up their minds, Keira finally relaxed. She was about to speak when she heard a 
voice with a foreign accent in the distance, “I 
discovered that the same family owns several bridges 
in Crera!” 
The secretary said. “Really? That’s not likely.” 
10:00 
111 
377 
465 Chapter 464 
“It’s true,” the person with the accent continued. “I went to Oceanion and saw a sign, ‘Dumond Yore Bridge welcomes you.’ Yesterday, I went to Inevale and saw ‘Inevale Yore Bridge welcomes you’… I also saw the ‘Bidiff Yore Bridge welcomes you.’ It’s so strange in Crera. Who is this Yore family, and why do they own all the bridges?” 
The secretary was dumbfounded. 
Keira arched an eyebrow and looked over, only to see an old acquaintance: Scott Martin! 
She remembered that in Oceanion, she initially 
thought he was a construction worker and gave him an umbrella, only later finding out that he was an 
overseas real estate tycoon. 
There wasn’t much interaction afterward, and she had 
forgotten about this person. But now, why had he 
come to Clance? 
However, they walked away, engaged in conversation, 
and didn’t notice Keira. 
Keira didn’t think much of it and looked away. 
But the moment she looked away, she caught a glimpse 
of a familiar ficure 
? 
doctor 
10:00 
465 Chapter 464 
Was that… Doctor Matthew?! 
Keira’s pupils contracted, and just as she was about to follow him, she saw him turn the corner. 
She quickened her steps, but when she reached where he had been, she found that he was already gone. 
Keira frowned. 
Matthew was special to her. 
Back in Oceanion, he reminded her to have her 
monthly iron infusions, serving as her personal doctor. 
Keira pursed her lips, recalling their past. 
She didn’t know Matthew at first. 
When she moved out from the Olsen family, she was 
emaciated and often sick. Matthew was the doctor at a 
small clinic near the apartment she rented. 
The first time she experienced heavy menstruation without knowing she had anemia, she fainted outside. 
When she regained consciousness, Matthew was taking care of her and telling her, “The day before your period each month, you need to come for an infusion, or else you’ll faint from anemia. If you’re not treated in 
10:00 
III 
5/7 
465 Chapter 464 
time, you may go into shock or even die, got it?” 
Back then, Keira just nodded, looking bewildered. 
Yet, she sensed a mystery surrounding this man. 
He seemed related to her somehow… 
He had secrets. 
But Matthew was always deep in thought, so Keira subconsciously kept her distance from him. 
Their relationship was close yet distant. Since she couldn’t afford the infusion fees, Matthew said, “You know, with our age difference and the same surname, I could be considered your older brother, so I’ll give you free treatment from now on. 
But Keira didn’t understand his action, nor did she 
know what he was up to. 
After her “death”, she returned to Oceanion in the 
guise of Keera and tried to find Matthew, only to lea that he was no longer there. 
She didn’t give it much thought then, but what was he doing in Clance? 
As Keira contemplated, Lewis cleared his throat, 
J 
465 Chapter 464 
bringing her back to reality. 
Then, Keira turned to Matias and Nara, who were waiting for her. “Nara, the jade pendant you asked me to get back from Jackson, may I see it?” 
Comentario 
Ver todos > 
R 
?Has llegado al último capítulo! 
Vote 
8 
Tasa de calidad de traducción 
10:00 
Bien 
Promedio 
ENVIAR REGALO 
Deslizar a la izquierda para continuar 
< 
Capítulo.464 
Horrible 
###Chapter 466
When Keira said that, Nara slightly froze. 
Matias immediately asked, “What jade?” 
Nara looked down. 
1 
Keira was about to say something when Nara took out her cell phone and typed a message for her to read, “I 
lost it.” 
1 
Keira was startled. “You lost it?” 
Nara nodded. 
Keira then frowned and said, “Alright then.” 
She and Lewis left after taking Matias and Nara home. 
Matias then looked at Nara and suddenly asked, “Nara, that jade was left to you by the family member you were looking for. How could you just lose it? I know it’s under your pillow. Why would you lie?” 
With her gaze downcast, Nara gestured with her hands, “Matias, I found them.” 
Matias’s eyes lit up. “Where are they? Are they
wealthy? They must be wealthy enough to send out so 
10.00 
< 
< 
466 Chapter 465 
many ads to look for you… Nara, now that you have 
found them, you can live a good life!” 
But to his surprise, Nara’s eyes welled up with tears as soon as he said that. 
Matias was taken aback. “Nara, what’s wrong?” 
Nara gestured, “Matias, are you trying to send me away?” 
Matias immediately waved his hands. “No, I didn’t mean that. I just thought you could have a better life…” 
Nara continued to gesture. “I want to live with you, even if life is tougher here.” 
Matias said, “But your family is looking for you everywhere. They must love you too! Nara, you…” 
Nara suddenly began to cry, then with tears rimming her eyes, she looked at Matias and continued to 
gesture with her hands. “I don’t want relatives like that. They are all bad people!”
They took lives with impunity! 
They made her feel disgusted! 
But sign language couldn’t convey much information, 
III 
< 
466 Chapter 465 
so she could only express her revulsion. 
2 
Matias quickly said, “Okay, okay, let’s not talk about it anymore… I won’t say another word, don’t get agitated…” 
With tears circling her eyes, Nara entered her room and locked herself inside. She wrapped her arms around her knees and began to cry. 
How could she have such detestable relatives… 
Especially Jackson, who was supposed to be her 
cousin, yet he tried to violate her… and he even broke Matias’s leg! 
And Austin… 
He used to be her affectionate brother from childhood,
but now he had become repulsive and loathsome. 
She would never forgive them, not in her entire life! 
As Nara cried, she pulled the jade from under her pillow and threw it into the trash can with all her might. 
Having just thrown it away, she suddenly felt something amiss, so she picked it up. On closèr 
466 Chapter 465 
inspection, she noticed that the quality of the jade seemed off. It was different from before. 
That piece of jade had been with her since she was a child, and she was accustomed to its appearance and warmth. 
She had caressed it until it became very smooth. 
F 
Nara held the jade and examined it, then suddenly realized it had been switched!! 
This wasn’t her original piece of jade… 
Her eyes widened as she suddenly realized something… 
It was Jackson… 
Jackson must have hidden her jade and given her a fake one…
Did he think she would want to go back to that family? 
She clenched the piece of jade tightly before throwing 
it back into the trash bin. 
She looked down momentarily before leaving the room and going to Matias’s side. 
Seeing how agitated Nara had been just now, Matias 
D 
466 Chapter 465 
was a bit flustered. Now that she came back, he immediately stepped forward. “Nara, are you alright?” 
Nara stared at him, motioning with her hands. “Matias, let’s move to another city and start anew.” 
Matias was startled. “But, your university is here…” 
Nara continued to gesture. “I won’t attend university anymore. With the Gill family here, do you think they’ll let me graduate?” 
Matias fell silent. 
Nara continued gesturing, “Matias, I can’t find a job in Clance, and I can’t graduate. It’s better to leave this heartbreaking place.” 
She didn’t want to be so close to that family…
She wanted to escape from them and to ensure they 
could never find her! 
Matias said, “Didn’t Keera say today that you should try interviewing at Nora Research Institute? We’ll leave if it is a sham and you can’t get the interview.” 
Nara nodded. 
Neither of them noticed that outside, someone was 
D 
466 Chapter 465 
sneakily watching them. 
Jackson sent this person to monitor the siblings. The man knew some sign language and could understand Nara’s gestures. 
He picked up his phone and called Jackson, “Sir, Nara said she would go for an interview at Nora Research Institute tomorrow. If she doesn’t get it, she will leave Clance and never return!” 
Jackson sneered. “That’s great. Ambush them on their way out. Get rid of those two for me so they’ll never be 
able to return!” 
“Yes!”
After that, the subordinate hung up. 
It was soon the next day. 
Nara’s mood had improved significantly after she 
1. 
Matias scrutinized her mood closely, and seeing no other concerns, he finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
Then, grabbing his cane and limping, he followed at her side. “Let’s go, it’s time for the interview!” 
<466 Chapter 465 
Nara gestured, “I can go by myself. You should stay at home and rest.” 
But Matias shook his head, “It’s indeed too bizarre, so I’ll accompany you. If you run into danger, at least I’m 
a man.” 
Nara hesitated before nodding. 
The two took a bus to the Nora Research Institute. 
They stood outside, staring quietly at the grand and serene courtyard, not even daring to breathe too heavily. 
Land price in Clance was exorbitantly high, yet the Nora Research Institute had such a large yard here, which was utterly astonishing.
The two approached the security booth. 
Nara didn’t even dare to ask. 
It was the security guard who spoke first. “What you here for?” 
Matias swallowed nervously. “We’re here for an 
interview…” 
The guard hesitated. “Interview? Do you have a 
466 Chapter 465 
notification letter? Let me see it…” 
Matias nudged Nara. 
Immediately, Nara took out her phone, opened WhatsApp, and showed it to him. 
After looking at it, the guard frowned. 
Then he looked up, measuring Nara and Matias with a skeptical gaze. 
Anxious, Matias inquired, “Is there a problem with this 
message? We were also confused, so we came to try our luck, not knowing if it was legitimate. Sorry for the 
inconvenience…”
Before he even finished speaking, he was about to bow apologetically. 
From a distance. 
The person tracking them called Jackson. “Ha! They been stopped at the security booth! Mr. Gill, you’ve guessed it correctly!” 
Jackson sneered. “That mute is only a university student, but she wants to enter Nora Research 
Institute. That’s simply a fool’s dream!” 
D 
466 Chapter 465 
No sooner had these words left his mouth than the security guard reached out to hold Matias’s arm!
###Chapter 467
The security guard held Matias’s arm and then pointed inside the gate, saying, “Please come in!” 
Matias was surprised. 
1 
He looked at Nara in confusion, then turned back to the security guard, looking puzzled. “Huh?” 
The security guard had a warm smile on his face. “Please come in. Do you know the way to the HR department? Wait a moment. I’ll lock the door and take you there!” 
Neither Matias nor Nara could understand the 
meaning of that text message, but the security guard 
could! 
It was from Nora herself! 
Nora had always been the legend of the research institute, and everyone was working on projects remotely controlled by Nora 
Nora had never appeared in person but was able to manage the company in perfect order, and whenever there were technical issues, handing them to Nora 
always resulted in great solutions!
The security guard had never seen Nora, but from the dean, he had seen her text message replies! 
Therefore, he recognized at a glance that the person who had sent the message to Nara was none other than Nora herself. 
As the security guard walked Matias and Nara toward the research institute, he couldn’t help but observe Nara closely, wondering to himself, “Who exactly is this person? Nora personally sent her a message!” 
Not far from the gate. 
The person who had been following the siblings was 
dumbfounded. 
Over the phone, Jackson was proudly asking, “How did it go? Were they kicked out? 
“…They, they…” the person stammered. “They were warmly… welcomed inside.” 
Jackson was dumbfounded. 
He couldn’t help but ask, “What did you say?” 
The lackey continued. “It’s true. They were warmly 
welcomed inside.”
Jackson said, “You must be blind! Nora Research Institute is the dream of all pharmaceutical engineers. Nara is just a university student. How could she get inside?” 
Nara was also contemplating this question. 
She quietly observed her surroundings. 
The institute was a series of bungalows on prime real estate in Clance, indicating the institute’s financial strength. 
The architecture was all of a traditional style. 
There were pavilions, pagodas, artificial hills, and flowing water. 
There was even a small park. Working here would be 
so enjoyable. 
The place where the researchers actually worked was far from the street, so it was very quiet. There was no 
traffic noise. 
As Nara surveyed her surroundings, she marveled at 
10.00 
D 
what she saw. 
What a fortunate thing it would be to work here! 
While thinking of this, she was led by the security guard into the HR department. 
Pushing open the door, the security guard invited the two inside. Nara nervously clutched the corner of her clothes and then sat down awkwardly opposite the HR staff. 
Matias was even more at a loss. 
Although the Freeman Sect had a similar environment, it was full of rough men practicing martial arts every day. They had never seen such brilliant scholars. 
Matias had always thought of themselves as martial practitioners, and these scholars seemed the most impressive. 
He even felt he was too burly and out of place standin in this room. 
The HR staff was looking through Nara’s resume and chuckled after reading it. “Nara, is it? As a university student, I see you’re pretty good with applied chemistry, and you’ve done well in biomedicine as 
well. Which of these two departments would you like 
to intern in?” 
Nara was perplexed.
What, just like that, straight to the point? 
She hesitated, then gestured with her hands while Matias translated for her. “She says, can she choose either one?… I’m sorry, Nara doesn’t know what she’s doing. She’ll go wherever you need her to go.” 
The HR personnel then smiled and said, “How about biomedicine? That might involve less interaction, 
which is more suitable for her.” 
Nara nodded frantically! 
That was her favorite field. 
She immediately stood up, ready to leave, but th staff stopped her. “Going somewhere? We haven’ discussed your salary yet!” 
Nara was perplexed. 
The HR staff pondered for a moment. “We’ve never hired an intern before, so how about this? Tell me yo expectations. As long as it’s not too outrageoùs, we’ll accept it.” 
7 
Nara thought for a moment and slowly raised two fingers. 
Interns usually had low wages, just a little subsidy for living expenses. Her classmates interning at hospitals made about three hundred a month.
She was asking for two hundred… that shouldn’t be too much, right? 
She saw the HR staff frown, and she hesitated, raising one finger instead. 
A hundred should be all alright. 
The HR staff, however, seemed confused. “Are you asking for an annual salary of a million or a monthly wage? I’m not quite sure what you mean.” 
Nara was dumbfounded. 
They weren’t talking in the same order of magnitud 
She quickly gestured with her hands, shaking her hea 
Matias was dumbfounded as he spoke for her. “She means a hundred.” 
The HR staff paused for a moment. “An annual salary 
< 
of a hundred? It’s not impossible, but I would need to 
get approval from the management for that salary.” 
Nara was confused
Did they need approval for an annual salary of a hundred dollars? What the hell was that? Was it too low? 
While she was thinking, Matias had come to a realization, and he was completely dumbfounded. “When you said a hundred, what’s the exact figure?” 
The HR staff was equally perplexed. “Aren’t we talking in millions? Many staff here have an annual salary of six million, although usually they are long-term employees. We’ve never seen that much for an intern; newcomers usually start at two million.” 
Matias was shocked. 
He immediately gestured, “We’re not talking about millions! She meant a hundred dollars a month!” 
The HR staff was dumbfounded. 
She seemed troubled and finally said, “We’ve never had such a low figure; how about a monthly salary of sixty thousand?” 
20.02 
Nara quickly gestured with her hands. 
The HR staff sighed: “Alright then, eight thousand a month! Can you accept that?” 
Nara wanted to gesture again, but the HR staff said, “Any lower won’t work. We won’t be able to hire you then!” 
Nara was speechless.
She walked out of the HR department with a look of complete bewilderment, and as soon as she stepped out, her phone began to vibrate wildly. 
It was all messages from her classmates. 
“Nara, did you really go to Nora Research Institute?” 
“How was the interview?”
###Chapter 468
468 Chapter 467 
Nara knew that those sending her messages didn't genuinely care about her; they just wanted to know what happened. 
Besides these private chats, a heated discussion was also underway in her class chat group. 
"Someone said yesterday that Nara received an interview invitation from the Nora Research Institute, but who knows if it's true." 
"It must be a lie, right? She probably just made it up!" 
"The mute girl is dreaming too big. Why would a place like the Nora Research Institute allow her entry?" 
"Why not just tag her and find out?" 
Indeed, someone tagged Nara and asked her. 
"Did you really go for an interview at the Nora Research Institute? Or were you deceived?" 
What followed were comments full of mockery. 
Nara didn't respond because she was still in shock, feeling as if she were dreaming. 
Were the things that happened in the HR department real? 
A monthly salary of eight thousand... which intern could earn so much? 
And she was accepted... it was simply unbelievable! 
As she was still in shock, her phone suddenly vibrated when a new message was posted in the chat group. 
"According to a news report, Nora Research Institute has, for the first time, accepted an undergraduate student as an intern this year. The student, from the Class of 2022, has excellent academic records, consistently ranking first in her courses." 
Upon this news release, the class group immediately exploded. 
"Wait, what?! Isn't that Nara?! She's been at the top of our class every year since first year!" 
"So, it's true, the Nora Research Institute really accepted Nara!" 
"Oh my God! I'm so envious!" 
"How is this possible? In past years, the Nora Research Institute only hired PhDs; suddenly, they accepted Nara this year... couldn't be because she's mute, could it?" 
"Why would you say that?" 
"Don't you know? Large companies are required to employ people with disabilities; maybe the Nora Research Institute just wants to use her to fill a quota?" 
"That's quite possible. But the Nora Research Institute isn't exactly a large company, right? Their Clance office seems to employ only about a hundred people." 
"Who knows how many people they actually have, but I'm sure that's the reason. Otherwise, why would they accept someone like Nara..." 
"I've been watching you guys chat in silence, but I can't stand to hear this. What's wrong with Nara? Other than being unable to speak, is she missing an arm or a leg? The snide remarks in this group… I can smell them through the screen!" 
"Exactly! If Nara hadn't offended someone she shouldn't have, she wouldn't be struggling to find a job! She's always been so diligent with her work, and for years, she's been the hardest-working one in our class. Isn't it only right for the Nora Research Institute to recognize her merit?" 
"Even if the Nora Research Institute is using her to meet the disability hiring quota, I believe that Nara will do very well there!" 
"That's right, if you don't have anything nice to say, just shut your mouths!" 
... 
Nara looked at the people in the group who were speaking out for her with righteousness, and she felt like crying. 
She turned to look at the Nora Research Institute again, but she was no longer confused. 
Even if the Nora Research Institute admitted her merely because she had a disability, she wouldn't let go of such a good opportunity! 
Nara had known since she was young that opportunities only came to those who were prepared. 
She looked at Matias and gestured with her fingers. "Brother, we're not leaving the city! I must work really hard and try to stay at the Nora Research Institute after I graduate!" 
Matias, amidst his excitement, immediately nodded. "Great!" 
He then picked up his phone and sent a message. "I'll also let Keera know. She'll definitely be happy for you!" 
... 
When Keira received their message, she wasn't very excited. She simply replied with a congratulations and put down her phone. 
She looked at James sitting opposite her, massaging her temples. "I won't interfere with Mary's matters." 
James had a pained expression. "But Ellis already has a fever and has been sent to the hospital. If this torment continues, he won't be able to take it. Keera, please have mercy on him!" 
Keira shook her head. "Did he ever have mercy on Mary when he drugged her?" 
James didn't know what to say. 
He wanted to say more, but Kate pushed him away. "Exactly, Keera is right!" 
James continued with a sorrowful face. "I just can't bear to see Ellis so upset and not lend a hand to help, alas!" 
He rested his chin in his hand. "Is there really no chance for Ellis and Mary to reconcile?" 
Keira said, "That's Mary's decision. Let her think about it herself. I can't favor him just because he's my brother and let Mary give him a pass; that wouldn't be fair to Mary." 
James nodded reluctantly, "Fine." 
He then looked at Keira again. "The company has been hectic lately. Uncle Olsen comes to the office every day to stop some of the old employees from making trouble, and Ellis is ill in a time like this!" 
As he was speaking, the nanny walked in and came directly to Keira. "Madam, someone is outside claiming to be your Aunt Helen. Should I let her in?" 
Aunt Helen? 
Keira paused for a moment, remembering that she had seen this aunt at the family reunion banquet the other day. 
She nodded. 
James, also curious, asked, "What is Auntie doing here?" 
The servant walked out and soon brought in a middle-aged woman. As she entered, she looked at Keira and said, "Keera, do you know that because of you, the Olsen Group is facing off against the Gill family?" 
Keira nodded. "I know." 
Aunt Helen's face turned cold immediately. "Then do you realize how domineering your father has been in the company? I heard that the shareholders all oppose falling out with a major corporation over personal reasons. Still, your father insists on having his way, and for your sake, he single-handedly stood against so many shareholders' ions. He's working so hard. Are you going to watch and do nothing?" 
Aunt Helen continued. "I know your father loves you dearly; you didn't grow up in the Olsen family, and he feels guilty toward you. But Keera, the Olsen Group isn't your father's personal enterprise; many people and issues are involved! Furthermore, the Olsen Group is a listed company. Last time, the scandal involving Ellis and Mary blew up, affecting the stock prices. Luckily your brother quickly advertised the company's new product. 
"Now that your situation has gotten out, it's going to impact the company's reputation again! So, if you are sensible and understand the difficulty we elders face, come with me now to apologize to the Gill family and put this matter to rest."
###Chapter 469
469 Chapter 468 
After Helen finished speaking, Keira furrowed her brows. 
Keira said, "I would like to turn our strained relations with the Gill family into a friendly one, but do you think that just by apologizing, the Gill family will let this matter go?" 
She didn't want to bring a bad end upon the Olsen family because of her personal affairs. 
Besides, she was planning on cooperating with the Gill family... 
Although Helen's suggestion was a bit extreme, Keira didn't mind suffering a little indignity if it could mend the relationship. 
After all, finding her mother was also a matter of urgency. 
Helen immediately said, "I will step in and mediate for you. Trust me." 
Her words made Keira hesitate slightly. 
James immediately explained, " Aunt Helen is from the Gill family. She's Austin's paternal aunt." 
Keira was surprised. 
She never imagined that the Olsen and Gill families were connected by marriage. 
If that were the case, why did Lady Gill have to make things so unpleasant? 
Helen sighed and said, "Keera, in truth, this matter is mainly because my sister-in-law got carried away. You don't know her... She's all about saving face! She used to have a crush on your father, and despite pursuing him for so long, your father never spared her a glance. She has held a grudge for a long time, always wanting to prove herself to him. If this situation involved any of the brothers, including Ellis, my sister-in-law wouldn't have made such a big issue out of it!" 
She looked at Keira. "You didn't cause this trouble right after you came back. It's more like that your father has dragged you into this! But now isn't the time to figure out who is right or wrong. It was never a big deal to begin with. Jackson is always fooling around. Do you think Lady Gill doesn't know the truth? It's just that she can't swallow her pride!" 
Helen continued. "I came here today intending to act as a mediator. As the younger generation, if you go with me to apologize to my sister-in-law, admitting that you were too heavy-handed, we can resolve this crisis between our two families, which would be good for both sides!" 
Seeing Helen speak so sincerely, Keira stood up decisively. "Alright, Aunt Helen, I'll listen to you. Let's go." 
James and Kate immediately followed behind her. "Keera, we'll go with you!" 
"That won't be necessary." 
Keira stopped them. "Taking so many people there isn't good; it'll look like we want to provoke them. Just Aunt Helen and I will be enough." 
She stopped Lewis from following and left for the Gill family just with Helen. 
They weren't turned away at the door, but the butler ushered them into the parlor, not the living room. 
Helen's face stiffened. 
Every time she returned to her maternal home, she was treated as if she were in her own house. Since when did they start being so courteous?! 
It seemed her elder sister-in-law was indeed angry at them! 
Helen sighed again, glanced at Keira, and said, "Don't worry, and don't be afraid. My elder sister-in-law may seem cold on the outside but is warm on the inside; she won't do anything to a young woman like you..." 
Keira raised an eyebrow, about to say she wasn't afraid when Aunt Helen said, "Moreover, I'm here today. If the Gill family dares to lay a hand on you, I will stop them!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She wanted to say there was no need to do that; these people probably weren't her match. 
But seeing Helen's resolute demeanor, she kept her silence. 
Helen had gone to see her and asked her to come and apologize. Though Keira felt somewhat displeased, Helen's protective stance... 
Helen must have been sincere about the welfare of the two families. 
Just then, footsteps approached from outside, followed by Lady Gill's icy entrance. Upon seeing Keira, she gave a contemptuous snort and sat on the sofa before turning to Helen. "Helen, what brought you back today?" 
Helen couldn't help but retort. "This is my home! Can't I return to my own house now?" 
Her tone carried a hint of endearment. 
Lady Gill scoffed. "Your home? Isn't your home the Olsen residence? I almost thought you had forgotten your last name!" 
Helen sighed and walked straight up to Lady Gill. "I've brought Keera here today to apologize to you. Our family and the Olsens have been on good terms for many years. This time, that brat Jackson was out of line! Keera saw him bullying her good friend and couldn't contain herself. She hit him a tad too hard... Please don't be mad." 
Lady Gill scolded. "A tad too hard? And what would you call a real beating then?" 
Helen pouted. "Don't take this the wrong way. Jackson is, after all, from the second branch, and you know the kind of person my brother is. He's flaky, and my sister-in-law spoils the child rotten. As a result, Jackson has caused no end to the trouble for so many years! How can you blame Keera for being tough on him if he isn't disciplined? Besides, I've heard that when Keera was in the Freeman Sect, Jackson bullied her for years! As for accountability, the Olsen family hasn't even pursued it with him, which is fortunate for you. So why are you turning the tables on us?" 
Lady Gill sneered. "You keep talking about the Olsen family—if you're one of them, why are you here at our place?" 
Helen grew angry. "My last name is Gill, and I can come over whenever I want! Are you favoring and protecting Jackson and won't let me speak? It was his fault... Don't we Gills also stand for reason?" 
Helen then turned to Keira. "Moreover, I've brought Keera here, and that should be enough. Don't waste the chance I'm giving you to make this right! Do you want to put the Gills and the Olsens through the wringer over one Jackson? Do you know what people outside are saying about us now?" 
She stared at Lady Gill. "Keera's father is surrounded by shareholders at the company, demanding an explanation. I think the Gill family isn't putting similar pressure on you. Are the two great families headed toward being mortal enemies? Have you made up your mind to make me choose between my natal family and my marital family over that no-good nephew? Didn't you look down on him before? How can you be so foolish this time?" 
Lady Gill silently sighed. "Do you know what Jackson did?" 
Helen shook her head. "I don't." 
Lady Gill said, "He helped us find Barbara's jade pendant." 
Helen was immediately dumbstruck. "What? Barbara? You have news of Barbara?" 
Barbara was Lady Gill's missing daughter. 
Lady Gill immediately nodded. "With Jackson earning such merit for us, how could I not protect him? If we can find Barbara, even if it costs our family's entire fortune, I would willingly pay it!" 
Helen was rendered speechless. 
Everybody in the Gill family was looking for Barbara, especially those from the first branch. If Jackson had helped them find such critical evidence, then no wonder Lady Gill staunchly supported him. 
Jackson had indeed earned a great merit for the first branch! 
As she struggled to find words, Keira seemed to realize something and asked, "Lady Gill, the day that Jackson helped you find the jade pendant, wasn't that the same day the incident occurred?" 
Lady Gill asked reflexively, "How did you know?" 
How did she know? 
Of course, it was because, on that day, Jackson snatched away Nara's jade pendant! 
Afterward, she even went purposefully to the hospital, asking Jackson to return it to Nara... At the time, she had only caught a glimpse and hadn't seen it. 
But now... 
In an instant, Keira understood something!!
###Chapter 470
470 Chapter 469 
Keira frowned, her eyes lighting up. 
If she wasn't mistaken... 
Suddenly, she turned to Helen and said, "Auntie, I just remembered something urgent. I need to go." 
Helen was taken aback, "Keera, you..." 
Before she could finish, Keira was gone. 
Lady Gill watched her leave and couldn't help but scoff, taunting Helen. "Do you see? The younger generation nowadays is something, isn't it? You said she came here to apologize, but she clearly doesn't take me seriously!" 
Helen immediately said, "Keera isn't that kind of person. Sam has always been the kindest, and his daughter wouldn't be any different! Sister-in-law, do you want to get into a feud with the Olsen family over Jackson?" 
The Gill family's conflict with the Olsen family would affect both sides. 
Nobody would benefit from it. 
Rumors were already flying, suggesting that a war was about to break out between the two families. The Olsen family's shares were slowly declining. But weren't the Gill family's shares suffering as well? 
Helen tensed her jaw. "Has it come to this?" 
Lady Gill sighed. "I've said it. Jackson helped me find information about Barbara, and I can't ignore him. No matter how much of a scoundrel he is, the first branch of the family must repay him for this favor!" 
Helen then sighed. "Sister-in-law, there's something you might not want to hear. This whole time, it has all been Austin and Jackson's fault. I won't comment on Jackson, but you should discipline Austin properly. Otherwise, I don't know what else might happen! Today, I managed to bring Keera here to apologize because she respected me, but if you don't start disciplining your children... the next time they clash with Keera, the Olsen family might not be so civil!" 
After leaving those words, Helen turned and walked toward the exit. 
She suddenly stopped as she reached the door, turning back to look at Lady Gill. "Sister-in-law, there's one more thing. I'm not sure whether I should speak of it. Among the girls they've been bullying, there's a girl named Nara, and she's such a pitiful girl. While defending their mistreatment of Nara, have you ever considered what kind of life Barbara might be living now? Nara is about the same age as Barbara. If Barbara had encountered people like your family, how desperate would she be?!" 
Those words made Lady Gill sit up straight. 
She tensed her jaw, glaring at Helen as if the words she had just spoken were a vicious curse! 
Helen sighed. "Put yourself in their shoes. You should work on good karma, even just for Barbara's sake." 
Lady Gill clenched her fists tightly, sneering. "How can that lowly person be compared to my Barbara? Don't be ridiculous!" 
Helen shook her head slightly. "I know, back then, some pauper kidnapped Barbara, and that's why you've looked down on those people for so many years. You think they have bad nature in their bones. That's why you pay no heed to Austin and Jackson bullying people experiencing poverty, but it's not the fault of those people as a whole; it's the human traffickers! Sister-in-law, you..." 
"You needn't say more," Lady Gill scoffed. "Those people have no bottom line when it comes to money. Why do you speak for them? If they had a bottom line, how could they kidnap someone else's child?!" 
Lady Gill's statement came out strident and loud, the roar carrying a chilling undertone. 
For so many years, she had never let go of this anguish; Barbara's kidnapping was the greatest wound in her heart! 
Seeing her reaction, Helen knew it was useless to say anything more and left silently with a sigh. 
She had seen her sister-in-law's stubbornness many times over the years. 
The Gill family used to participate in charity funds, but for many years, Lady Gill had refused even to pretend that she cared. 
She said, "Why should I support the paupers? Isn't their poverty caused by their laziness?" 
In her eyes, they were rotten to the core and devoid of kindness. They deserved to live like animals! 
Thinking of this, Helen headed straight for the parking lot. 
... 
Keira left the Gill residence and immediately hailed a cab, going straight to Nara's house. 
Unfortunately, neither Nara nor Matias was home, so she called Matias. "Where are you guys?" 
Matias replied, "I'll be home shortly." 
"Alright, I'll wait for you," Keira answered calmly. 
In less than ten minutes, Matias arrived, limping back home. 
Keira immediately glanced behind him and asked, "Where's Nara?" 
Matias said, "She's gone to the market. We had some good news today. The Nora Research Institute hired her, and we decided to make something delicious tonight to celebrate! When she heard you were here, she went out to buy some chicken wings! Nara's chicken wings are exceptional! She insisted you try them!" 
Keira was pleased to hear how relaxed Matias sounded and was happy for them, but she hadn't forgotten why she came here. She took out her phone and showed Matias the jade pendant advertisement the Gill family had put out. "Do you recognize this jade pendant?" 
Seeing it, Matias looked taken aback. "Isn't that Nara's?"
###Chapter 471
471 Chapter 470 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately breathed a sigh of relief. 
She had thought of this possibility at the Gill residence but wasn't sure since she hadn't seen Nara's jade pendant. 
Therefore, she had hurried over here. 
She hadn't expected that it was indeed Nara's... 
So, Nara was the daughter Lady Gill had been searching for. 
Keira suddenly felt it laughable. 
Lady Gill favored Jackson because of her missing daughter and even clashed with the Olsen family for his sake, but maybe she had no idea what Jackson had done to Nara. 
How ironic! How laughable! 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Matias then asked, "What's wrong? Do you know where Nara's family is? Nara took the jade pendant last time to find them, but it seems it didn't go well... She doesn't even want to mention them now…" 
Keira sighed upon hearing this. 
She said, "The people posting this advertisement are the Gill family." 
Matias was stunned. "What? Which Gill family?" 
He didn't dare assume it to be Austin's family. 
Keira didn't say a word. 
Matias slowly realized something. "You mean... that Gill family?" 
Keira nodded. 
Matias was stupefied. 
He stared at Keira blankly, "Keera, don't joke with me about this! How could Nara... How could she be the missing daughter of the Gill family?" 
As a distant member of the Gill family, Matias had also heard that the cherished young daughter of the first branch had been kidnapped. 
And their lives had been affected because of this. 
They were a collateral branch of the Gill family, originally living off the main branch. The main branch even established basic living allowances for the collateral branches. 
After several divisions in the family, many distant relatives could barely maintain a living. 
But ever since that little girl went missing, the allowance was canceled because Lady Gill spread the word that despite doing so many good deeds, no one was protecting her daughter! 
Low-income people should strive to be self-reliant and not live like beggars! 
After losing the allowance, Matias's family's life became more challenging because of his parents' low income. 
After adopting Nara, they struggled to put food on the table. Later on, when both parents fell severely ill, Matias and Nara went to seek help from the head of the Gill family. 
There used to be a subsidy for illnesses in the clan, and members could even take out loans and repay them later. 
But when they went there, the clan head looked at them with an unspeakable expression and said, "The subsidy is also canceled. You have to figure it out for yourselves." 
Without the money for surgery, the parents could only go home to await death. 
After both parents passed away, Matias and Nara depended on each other even more; Matias dropped out of school early to work just to earn tuition and living expenses for Nara... 
Suddenly, Matias felt like laughing. 
In the mysterious workings of fate, he and Nara were brought together. 
He chuckled softly and then looked up at Keira, wanting to say something but not knowing how to speak... 
He suddenly understood Nara's guilt toward him and why she remained silent about knowing who her family was after finding out the truth. 
Nara must feel she owed it to him! 
Matias had tears in his eyes, and he held Keira's arm. "Come on, let's go to the market to find Nara!" 
Nara was born a little princess in the Gill family, so she shouldn't have to suffer with him here. 
Seeing Matias's reaction, Keira nodded and set out for the market with him. 
But after a few steps, they ran into a neighbor rushing back quickly. 
Upon seeing them, the neighbor shouted, "Matias, hurry up! Nara is in trouble!!" 
... 
The market. 
Nara was shopping. 
Being able to work for Nora and receive such a high internship salary was beyond her expectations, so she was delighted, and even her steps felt lighter. 
But unexpectedly, she ran into an unwelcome visitor just as she approached the meat stall... Austin. 
Austin, with a few thugs, was watching her from a distance while sucking on a lollipop with a smirk on his face. 
Sensing his gaze, Nara instinctively stepped back and turned to leave. 
But Austin gestured, and the little punks following him immediately rushed forward, blocking her path! 
Nara turned stubbornly, glaring fiercely at the brother she didn't recognize. 
Austin stared at her, sneering. "Nara, come with me!" 
Nara immediately shook her head. 
Austin said, "If you don't come quietly, I'll have to force you!" 
After that, Austin gestured to the people around him. "Grab her for me!" 
The bodyguards on either side immediately grabbed Nara's arms and dragged her toward a van parked nearby. 
Nara struggled forcefully but couldn't break free. 
The vendors around couldn't help but point and gossip. Intimidated by Austin's presence, no one dared to intervene. 
Nara glared fiercely at Austin, unable to use sign language with her arms restrained. She spoke dryly, each word deliberate, "Why... are... you... doing... this?" 
Austin scoffed. 
Why? 
Of course, it was because Jackson had received news about his sister! 
But Jackson claimed he felt aggrieved and wanted to vent his frustrations on Nara. Only then would he tell Austin the information about his sister! 
So, Nara would have to bear the torment for his sister's sake!
###Chapter 472
472 Chapter 471 
But Austin couldn't explain and just looked down at Nara disdainfully. "Want to know why? You're not worthy!" 
He got into the car, took his place in the passenger seat, and said, "Let's go!" 
Meanwhile. 
Keira and Matias arrived in a hurry! 
They anxiously made their way to where Nara usually bought her groceries... 
But they didn't notice that Austin's car had already driven past them... 
As the car passed by, Nara saw the two of them. She desperately struggled to get their attention by banging on the window... 
But as soon as she struggled, she was pinned down by someone's arm, and then a fierce slap landed squarely on her face! 
"Move again, and I won't be so gentle!" 
The slap was so hard that Nara's mind went blank, and she collapsed weakly into the seat. 
Austin sneered, and the car drove off. 
After Keira and Matias arrived at the grocery stall, they found chaos, and Nara's shopping basket was still on the ground. 
Matias's pupils shrank, and he picked up the basket, asking, "Where's the young lady carrying this basket? Where is she?!" 
A kind passerby said, "It seemed like she offended someone. She was just stuffed into a car and taken away!" 
Just taken away... 
Matias's legs went soft, and he almost collapsed to the ground! 
He quickly turned to Keira. "Keera, help her!" 
Keira looked at the people around her. "Who took her? Is she injured?" 
"No, she looks fine!" 
"Then it must be Austin! Not Jackson!" Keira realized something and looked directly at Matias. "Austin normally wouldn't target Nara. Jackson must have sent him, so they must have gone to the hospital now. Let's go there immediately!" 
Matias nodded, "Okay!" 
The two left the market, and only then did Keira realize how annoying it was that she hadn't brought Lewis with her today. 
She didn't have a car ready! 
They could only hail a taxi and rush to the hospital! 
On the way, Matias said anxiously, "Who knows what they will do to Nara? What if she gets hurt? They dared to abduct someone in broad daylight so brazenly. It's as if they have no bottom line! Keera, what should we do?" 
Keira took a deep breath. "Now I'll call Lady Gill to explain Nara's identity. She should be safe!" 
She took out her phone and called Lady Gill, but the other party wouldn't pick up... 
... 
On the hospital rooftop. 
Lady Gill was sitting in front of Jackson. "Have you found Barbara?" 
Jackson stared at Lady Gill with a dark look. "Yes, I found her. Aunt, as long as you take care of Nara for me today, I will tell you where your daughter is!" 
Jackson was furious. 
After Nara was accepted into Nora Research Institute, Jackson became the butt of the joke! 
He went online today and saw people mocking him. 
——After all, he's from the second branch of the family. If it were a ban from the first branch, even the Nora Research Institute would probably have to give the Gill family that respect! 
——Just a few days ago, he was bragging about making it impossible for Nara to make it in the medical field, and now he's been slapped in the face! 
——King of Boasting! He bullied Nara back in the hospital! Now see? The truly capable don't fear such evil forces! 
... 
... 
Each comment stabbed at Jackson's eyes, driving him nearly insane! 
Why? 
Why did Nara manage to get into Nora Research Institute?! 
Today, he wanted to show these people what would happen when they offended him! 
Jackson's eyes were frantic as he looked toward the entrance. 
Austin had already gone to fetch Nara; soon, he would bring Nara back, and then, he would torment her! 
After all, he had already found an impostor to replace Lady Gill's daughter... 
By the time he was finished with Nara, Lady Gill would have to clean up the mess for him! 
While he was thinking, Lady Gill's phone started ringing. It was a call from "Keera". 
Lady Gill looked at her phone and remembered how "Keera" had left her house without a word earlier that day. She couldn't help but sneer and then rudely hung up. 
No matter what "Keera" wanted to say, she was no longer willing to listen! 
Just then, there was a noise at the entrance to the rooftop; everyone turned to see Austin striding in. 
Behind him, Nara was dragged in by two bodyguards, who then threw her viciously in front of Jackson! 
Nara looked at them in terror. 
Her face still bore the mark of the slap. After being thrown down, she scrambled up, trying to run back the way she came. 
Unfortunately, the entrance was blocked by the bodyguards. 
Austin smiled. "Want to leave, huh?" 
Nara immediately nodded. 
Austin then said, "The entrance is blocked by the bodyguards, so you can't leave from there. We're not heartless people. We'll give you another way out. Want to know where it is?" 
Nara was taken aback but nodded. 
The next moment, Austin pointed to the rooftop. "You can jump off the roof! No one will stop you!"
###Chapter 473
473 Chapter 472 
Nara's pupils shrank at those words. 
She looked at Austin in disbelief before her gaze fell on Lady Gill. She knelt before the lady, crying and shaking her head pleadingly. 
Nara was no fool. 
At this life-or-death moment, she wouldn't continue to fight with them, so she stretched out her hands, gesturing, "I am your daughter! I am your daughter!" 
Unfortunately, Lady Gill couldn't understand sign language. 
She looked down at Nara, watching her frantically point at the two of them in turn, not knowing what she was trying to say. 
For some reason, a sentence Helen said earlier flashed through Lady Gill's mind, "… Have you ever thought about the possibility that Barbara might have encountered people like you?" 
Lady Gill hesitated a little in confronting this girl of her daughter's age. 
She clenched her jaw and turned to Jackson, "… What exactly do you want to do with her?" 
Jackson started speaking with a whimper. "Aunt, what can I do? I just called her over to have her apologize properly to me and let out this pent-up anger. That's all!" 
He looked at Nara, suddenly laughing. "Aunt, I helped you find your Barbara. Surely, this request isn't too much, is it?" 
Barbara… 
Nara suddenly realized something and looked at Jackson! 
He knew everything! 
From the moment he stole her jade pendant, he had known everything! 
And when he spoke those words, he looked directly at her, which meant he knew what was happening. He was doing it on purpose… 
Nara trembled with rage and gestured, "I am Barbara! I am the one!" 
Regrettably, Lady Gill and Austin couldn't understand her at all. 
Lady Gill was about to say something, but Austin stepped forward, kicking Nara in the back, making her fall flat. 
Her hands could no longer gesture anything. 
Austin said, "Mom, we'll know my sister's whereabouts soon. Don't go soft now!" 
Upon hearing this, Lady Gill withdrew her gaze and said fiercely, "Don't worry. I won't." 
Nara fell into despair. 
She opened her mouth, wanting to say something, but couldn't speak. She only struggled helplessly, pointing at herself, trying to tell them she was Barbara! 
Jackson had long known what she was trying to say and even seemed to have understood her sign language. He curled his lips into a smile and said, "Nara, do you have something you want to say? What is it?" 
Nara glared at him. 
Austin, impatient, spoke again. "Jackson, just get on with what you want to do to her! After that, tell us about Barbara's news!" 
When Nara heard this, she looked at Austin in shock, her eyes filled with fear and despair. 
Seeing her expression, Austin stared at her. "Do you want to tell us to let you go? Forget it. That's impossible." 
He crouched down and grabbed Nara's hair. "You'd better be a good girl and obey Jackson. Make him happy! That way, he will tell us the news about my sister, and you can leave… Otherwise, don't blame me for joining him against you!" 
After saying this, he let go of Nara's head, letting her fall to the ground. Her forehead hit the cement floor, leaving a fresh bruise. 
Stunned, she looked at Austin, then turned to Lady Gill. 
Lady Gill said coldly, "Young lady, you better do as you're told. Make Jackson happy, get this ordeal over, and help us find our daughter!" 
Austin nodded. "Exactly, for a lowly woman like you to have any connection with my sister is your good fortune! Hurry up… Jackson, what do you want to do?!" 
Jackson laughed, "What do I want to do? I have been ruined because of her, so today, I'll ruin her too!" 
After finishing his declaration, he pointed at Nara and demanded, "I want her to strip naked and stand right here! Let me have a good look!!" 
At these words, Nara's pupils shrank! 
Lady Gill frowned slightly, about to say something, but Austin held her shoulder. "Mom, I know you can't bear it, just don't look…" 
Lady Gill stared at Nara. 
She was indeed the same age as her daughter, and if it weren't for her daughter, she would never treat another girl like this… 
But thinking of Barbara… 
She turned around abruptly and commanded coldly, "Make it quick! Keep her alive." 
"Yes." 
Upon hearing that, Jackson smiled. 
He ordered the bodyguards, "What are you standing around for? Do it! Strip her naked! Tear all her clothes!" 
With that command, several bodyguards immediately moved forward. 
Nara shook all over, frightened by their appearance, yet desperately tried to move away. 
She looked at them in terror, her eyes brimming with tears. 
No, don't treat her like this… 
No! 
Nara sobbed inconsolably while waving her hands frantically but to no avail. 
Her sign language and pleas for help to Austin and Lady Gill were completely ignored… 
At that moment, she somewhat regretted it. 
She didn't dare to acknowledge them out of stubbornness and had gotten herself into this situation… 
As she retreated, she bumped into the wall behind her. 
Bodyguards approached with lustful smiles, each one touching their chins while staring at her. 
Nara crouched in horror, trying to push these people away, but it was useless! 
Someone grabbed her arm and yanked her up forcefully while other hands began to touch her. 
Nara struggled violently. 
But she was no match for their strength… 
She wept in despair, her mouth opening and closing, tasting what seemed like the flavor of rust in her throat… 
Don't! 
Mom! Brother! 
Don't! 
As those words rushed into Nara's head, she heard a "snap" as her sleeve was torn off. She finally cried out. 
"Mom, I, I am Barbara!"
###Chapter 474
474 Chapter 473 
As soon as she said that, the entire rooftop fell silent momentarily. 
Even the bodyguards were stunned. 
Lady Gill turned around sharply and looked at Nara, "What did you say?" 
Austin also frowned and looked at her. "What 'Barbara'?" 
Nara's voice was hoarse, and she felt a tearing pain. She opened her mouth and began speaking again, "Brother, I am…" 
Unfortunately, she couldn't finish her sentence before Jackson loudly interjected, "I know you are from a side branch of the Gill family, but don't just casually claim someone as your brother! You don't deserve to address us that way!" 
Those words stopped what Nara was going to say next. 
She looked at him with anger… 
Lady Gill frowned. "Enough, Jackson. It's indeed too much to ask someone to strip. Find another way!" 
Displeasure flashed across Jackson's face, and although he wanted to say something, in the end, he lowered his eyes and said, "Aunt, I just want to vent my anger! You know, I have lost my ability to have children. That day, in the operating room, being gawked at by so many people, I was utterly humiliated! I want her to taste what it's like to be stripped bare for all to see!" 
Lady Gill frowned again, about to say something, but Austin said, "Mom, let him be; don't interfere." 
After that, he looked at the bodyguards and scolded them. "Are you guys going to do your job or not? Can you hurry up? Does the Gill family pay you to slack off? Or have you not practiced enough? You can't even restrain a girl! Put some muscle into it, strip her clothes off quickly, and don't delay my search for my sister!" 
The bodyguards immediately stood straight and replied, "Yes, Mr. Gill!" 
Austin's word was law to them. 
A group of bodyguards once again turned their gaze toward Nara. 
Seeing this, Nara closed her eyes in despair, knowing she couldn't escape this time. 
Suddenly, she stood straight, took off her coat, and fiercely threw it on the ground. 
Seeing this, the bodyguards didn't approach her and immediately announced, "Sir, look, she's stripping herself!" 
Jackson's gaze lingered on her with lewdness, and a smile spread across his face. 
Austin said disdainfully, "Wouldn't it have been better to do this earlier? You would have been more comfortable working with us, and you would have saved us so much effort! Hurry up and strip! Don't waste our time!" 
Jackson also added with a laugh. "Yeah, hurry up and strip!" 
He picked up his mobile phone, trying to take photos of Nara once she was undressed… 
Nara clenched her fists tightly. 
She placed her hands on the short-sleeve shirt, looking as though she was about to take it off any moment… 
Underneath the short-sleeve, there must be only her underwear left… 
Everyone laughed lewdly, visibly relaxing for a moment. 
Just then! 
Nara suddenly pushed the person before her and dashed to the side. 
With a darkened face, Austin cursed, "Fuck! She's playing us, go get her!" 
The men snapped back to reality and immediately gave chase, but the next moment, they were stunned. 
Nara picked up a rusty iron rod and waved it at them, screaming, "Aaah! Aaah! Aaah!" 
The bodyguards didn't dare to approach. 
The iron rod was rusty, and a scratch might lead to tetanus. Moreover, the rod looked very heavy, and a blow from it was sure to hurt! 
Nara's hands were quivering slightly… 
Jackson couldn't help but curse, "Useless, all of you are useless!" 
Austin then said, "Don't worry. I'm here, aren't I? You can be assured. I'll let you have your revenge today!" 
After that, he pushed through the crowd and stepped forward, getting right in front of Nara. 
He stared at Nara determinedly, his eyes filled with resolve. "That rod is heavy, isn't it? But let me tell you, I'm not afraid! If you dare to hit me, then aim right here!" 
Austin pointed at his forehead. "If you're not afraid of taking a life, aim right here and hit. I think one swing will be enough to send my brains flying!" 
Nara's eyes widened in shock, seemingly not expecting Austin to be so fearless. 
She held the rod, still aiming it at Austin… 
Courage grew in the face of desperation, and right now, she could land a blow on anyone who rushed up to her! 
Even if the Gill family sought retribution later, she was ready to face it! 
And she would not be butchered here without a fight! 
Nara swung the iron rod and struck it squarely on Austin's arm, the pain changing his expression. 
But he didn't stop. 
He couldn't wait any longer; he must subdue Nara to satisfy Jackson. 
He was determined to see his sister today… 
Thinking of this, Austin took another step forward. "Hit me then. Don't hit my arm. You hit my arm, and at most, it'll hurt for a moment. If you have the guts, hit me here!" 
He tapped his head again! 
Seeing this, Lady Gill couldn't help but yell, "Austin, don't act rashly!" 
"I'm not acting rashly! I think she doesn't dare! Nara, if you don't dare to hit me, just undress obediently. Don't fucking waste our time here!" 
After saying that, Austin took another step forward. 
Nara retreated in terror and, without hesitation, swung the rod hard toward Austin's head! 
She thought Austin would dodge. She merely wanted to force him to back off, not expecting him to stand still and hold his ground. 
"Bang!" 
The rod struck Austin's head. 
Nara was dumbfounded. 
She slowly opened her eyes, only to see blood trickling down from Austin's head… 
Nara's pupils shrank. At the last moment, she just couldn't bring herself to strike down hard… 
But no sooner had this thought crossed her mind than she heard Lady Gill roar furiously, "How dare you!"
###Chapter 475
475 Chapter 474 
Nara's eyes bulged. 
She wanted to hold onto the iron rod, but before she made any move, Austin had already swiftly reached out to grab it. He then glared at her fiercely and with one forceful tug, snatched the rod away! 
Immediately after that, Austin threw the rod to the bodyguards behind him. 
With no weapon in her hands, Nara was surrounded by the other bodyguards, trapped in their midst. She tried to escape, but the bodyguards caught her again. 
Lady Gill also rushed in front of Austin, looking at him anxiously. "Are you alright?" 
Austin nodded. "Mom, I'm fine." 
Lady Gill immediately glared at Nara. "You dared to lay a hand on my Austin?!" 
Nara bit her lips hard. 
Couldn't Lady Gill tell why she attacked him? She was just defending herself! 
Even in the last moment, she had loosened her grip; otherwise, that blow would have definitely cracked Austin's skull, and he would have lost his life! 
Nara crouched down painfully, covering her head with her hands. 
She didn't understand why she had softened at the last moment... 
Even though her mother and brother had been so cruel to her, so cruel... yet she still couldn't bring herself to seriously harm her brother... 
At this moment, Nara was utterly despondent. 
Seeing her like this only fueled the fury in Lady Gill's eyes. She immediately looked at Austin. "Go get someone to bandage your wound." 
Austin shook his head. "That can wait, Mom. Just deal with this woman quickly." 
Lady Gill took a deep breath. 
Suddenly she stepped forward and gestured with a wave of her hand to the two bodyguards holding Nara. "You two, stand back!" 
The two bodyguards stepped aside. 
Lady Gill then coldly looked at Nara. 
Nara slowly raised her head to look at her, her eyes filled with hatred. 
Lady Gill didn't care what she was thinking. She simply pointed to the rooftop side and said in a cold and heartless tone. "You now only have two choices. One, take off your clothes willingly. Two, jump off this roof!" 
Nara's eyes widened, looking incredulously at her. 
Lady Gill glared at her. "You dared to attack my son. I won't let you off today! Nara, I'll give you ten seconds to think. If you don't make a decision by the time I finish counting, don't blame me for not being courteous!" 
After saying that, she began to count down while looking at Nara. 
"Ten..." 
"Nine..." 
... 
Downstairs at the hospital. 
Keira and Matias arrived in a taxi. 
After getting out of the car, Matias yelled, "You go first! Don't worry about me. I can't run fast enough!" 
His leg was injured, and he obviously couldn't move quickly. 
Hearing this, Keira didn't hesitate and ran straight toward the inpatient department. 
She charged into Jackson's hospital room but didn't see Jackson there. She quickly grabbed a passing doctor. "Where did Jackson go?" 
The doctor was slightly stunned. "I think he's on the rooftop." 
The rooftop... 
Keira's pupils shrank. 
She immediately ran toward the stairwell and began to climb the stairs as fast as she could. 
"Nara, you must hold on! 
"Wait for me!" 
On the rooftop. 
Lady Gill was still glaring at Nara, continuing the countdown 
"Five..." 
"Four..." 
In the stairwell, Keira was running hard, hearing the countdown from Lady Gill, but not knowing what was happening. 
But it definitely wasn't anything good! 
There was a hint of panic in her head as she rushed to the stairwell entrance, just in time to hear Lady Gill continue the countdown. 
"Two..." 
"One!" 
Keira felt a jolt of panic. 
At the rooftop. 
Nara looked at Lady Gill. 
Her eyes held not a single ripple; she was just quietly staring at her mother. 
This woman, blinded by hatred, was no longer the same kind and gentle mother from her childhood memories... 
Her gaze was full of resentment, carrying an unresolvable fury. 
Nara's jaw tensed. Her gaze fell on Austin once again, then she swept her gaze over the bodyguards, and finally, she looked at Jackson. 
Jackson was staring at her with a smirk, his face full of smug triumph. 
Nara closed her eyes in despair. 
How could she... have a mother and brother like this... 
To force a young woman to strip in front of an audience... 
She wouldn't do it. 
As Nara thought of this, she let out a miserable chuckle. 
She heard Lady Gill's voice as if it was coming from a faraway place and yet as if it was right next to her ear. "The countdown is over, Nara. Since you didn't choose, the bodyguards won't have to hold back anymore. Strip her clothes off right now, immediately!" 
In Nara's mind, it was as if a gentle conversation flashed by, still Lady Gill's voice, "My precious Barbara, all the most beautiful clothes in the world are yours..." 
Nara let out a miserable smile. 
Suddenly, she broke free from the bodyguards on both sides and rushed to the edge of the rooftop! 
She took one last look at Lady Gill and Austin. 
"Mom, brother, goodbye! 
"I never want to see you again!" 
With that thought, she leaped forward and jumped over the edge. 
Lady Gill, upon seeing that last glance, felt an inexplicable panic in her chest, but she quickly calmed down. 
Austin said in a panic, "Mom, she jumped!" 
Lady Gill's gaze turned ice-cold as she said, "This is only the fourth floor; she'll live. What's there to be afraid of?!" 
Then she turned to Jackson. "There, are you happy now?" 
Jackson nodded. 
Lady Gill then demanded, "So now you can tell me where my daughter is, right?" 
Austin also shouted, "Right, she's already jumped; tell us, where's my sister?" 
Almost as soon as they said those words, Keira's cry came from the rooftop entrance. "Lady Gill, have mercy! Nara is your biological daughter!!"
###Chapter 476
476 Chapter 475 
Keira rushed in, shouting those words while being intercepted by the security guards and bodyguards. 
She was fighting them and, afraid she was running out of time, she shouted out loud. 
She then fiercely kicked someone away, opening a path for herself, and then barged in. 
But she saw Lady Gill and Austin both looking at her in astonishment. Lady Gill frowned and asked, "What did you say?" 
Keira quickly said, "I said, Nara is your biological daughter, the daughter you've been looking for!" 
As soon as these words came out, Austin retorted in astonishment, "How is that possible?! Keera, you must be lying to us!" 
Keira hurriedly said, "I'm not lying to you! Didn't you put out an advertisement looking for that jade pendant? That jade pendant belongs to Nara. It was taken from her by Jackson!" 
At these words, Austin faltered, staggering a little, "What did you say?!" 
Lady Gill too widened her eyes in disbelief. "That can't be!" 
Jackson also shouted fiercely, "Keera! Don't be ridiculous! Even if it's to save someone, you don't need to tell such a lie!" 
Keira took a deep breath, "If you don't believe me, you can do a DNA test..." 
She was too impatient to waste words with them. She glanced around the rooftop but didn't see Nara. She couldn't help but ask, "Where is Nara?" 
Lady Gill and Austin both looked at her without answering. 
Instead, the bodyguards around them looked toward the edge of the rooftop. 
Keira noticed their emotions, feeling a sudden sinking in her heart. 
No, it couldn't be... 
Just as she thought of this, a cry of alarm suddenly came from below. "Gosh, someone has jumped off the building!" 
"Quick, take her to the emergency room!" 
"..." 
Keira was dazed, and she immediately ran to the edge of the rooftop, only to see the girl in a white T-shirt and jeans lying on the ground like a broken doll. 
She was lying in a pool of blood, but because she fell at a good angle, one could tell that she first hit a tree, which broke her fall, before she landed on the ground... 
So, she was still breathing. 
Doctors and nurses below were gathering around her, then they lifted her onto a stretcher and rushed into the operating room! 
Matias was slower than Keira by a beat, having only climbed one floor when he saw through the window of the stairwell that his sister fell. 
He stood there in horror, then ran downstairs frantically, arriving at Nara's side. 
Now, limping behind the doctors and nurses, he followed them. "Please, doctors, I beg you, you have to save my sister! She, she's only twenty years old!!" 
The sobbing cries of Matias carried far and wide. 
Keira's chest tightened. She immediately straightened up and was about to run downstairs, but after only making a couple of steps, Lady Gill grabbed her arm. 
Looking astounded, Lady Gill asked with a trembling voice, "What did you just say?!" 
Keira pushed her away, her expression cold and disappointed. "I said, the girl you forced to jump off the building, is your biological daughter! Barbara!" 
"That's impossible!" 
Lady Gill turned pale in an instant. 
"Right, that's impossible! My sister is a little princess. How could she be someone like her?!" 
Austin also roared angrily, completely unable to accept the truth. 
Keira looked at them coldly, the corners of her lips twisted with a hint of mockery and icy smile. "Someone like whom? Someone poor? But it's a 'pauper' like Matias is the person who saved her! Without Matias, your sister would have died long ago!" 
Austin took a step back. "No, this can't be true. You must be lying! I don't believe it!" 
"Believe it or not, that's up to you!" Keira said, as she anxiously ran toward the operating room! 
She was worried about Nara's condition, afraid that she wouldn't make it through the rescue! 
After Keira left the rooftop, Lady Gill's legs gave way, and she almost fell to the ground, saved only by the bodyguard who caught her. 
She looked steadily in the direction Keira had left, then turned to look at Jackson, her lips pressing together before she suddenly asked, "Jackson, what's going on here?" 
Austin also said, "Jackson, she's lying to us, isn't she?! Where did you really get that jade pendant from?" 
Jackson immediately said, "Aunt, Austin, you must not believe her lies. Look, I bought that jade pendant at the antique market, and I've found your sister for you!" 
After saying this, he presented a DNA match report to Austin. "Look, this is the DNA comparison report I ran for you. I confirmed the other party's identity before I said we found her..." 
Austin took the DNA test report, glanced at it, and then breathed a sigh of relief before passing it to Lady Gill. "Mom, look, this is my sister! Nara isn't!" 
Austin was overwhelmed with the news and sounded as if he was convincing himself as much as others. He emphasized those words several times. 
Lady Gill coldly looked down at the DNA comparison report. 
She then looked back at Jackson... 
Jackson smiled sheepishly. "Aunt, don't believe Keera's lies. she just wants to make you feel guilty! Her goal is achieved! The girl I found is already on her way to the hospital! I've also done the DNA test for you. We can be reunited now!" 
Lady Gill looked at the comparison report in her hands, which confirmed that the other party and Austin were indeed biological siblings. 
Lady Gill clenched her jaw tightly, and after a while, she looked at Jackson again. 
Then, she turned around and walked away briskly. 
Austin couldn't help but follow her. "Mom, where are you going?" 
Lady Gill answered, "To see the girl who just jumped!" 
Austin said, "Mom, why are you going to see her? You don't really believe Keera's lies, do you?" 
At this, Lady Gill halted. 
"I'm going to find her, for a DNA test!"
###Chapter 477
477 Chapter 476 
Leaving these words behind, Lady Gill strode away. 
Upon hearing this, Austin panicked a little. 
He stared at Lady Gill from behind with clenched fists. He still didn't dare to acknowledge what he had just been told. 
No, he didn't dare. 
He couldn't accept that he had bullied the sister he'd searched for so many years to such an extent... 
He looked at Lady Gill, then turned to glance at Jackson one more time. 
Jackson stood there with the help of others, his legs wide apart to protect his injured crotch... 
He sounded frantic. "Austin, you must believe me!" 
As soon as these words came out, Austin charged in front of him, grabbed his collar, and growled, "Tell me, she's not my sister, is she?" 
"No, she's not!" 
Austin glared at Jackson, his fingers trembling. 
After a long moment, he pushed Jackson away and patted his shoulder. "Good, remember what you said." 
After leaving that sentence behind, he headed out the door, following in the footsteps of Lady Gill. 
Outside the operating room. 
Lady Gill rushed over and, upon reaching the entrance, hesitated. 
She dared not believe what she had been told and even feared to verify it... 
Was the girl she had forced to jump off the building Barbara?! 
Lady Gill trembled. 
Just then, Matias saw her. Furious, he stormed up to Lady Gill, grabbing her arm forcefully. "What exactly did you do to Nara?! Why did she jump off the building?!" 
Some people witnessed Nara's fall from the building. 
So, they could testify that she jumped off by herself and nobody pushed her... 
Thus, the hospital didn't call the police. 
But Matias knew that Nara had just received her acceptance letter from the Nora Research Institute and wouldn't choose to commit suicide at this time. 
They must have forced Nara to do something... 
Lady Gill looked at Matias. 
Although she was unsure if Nara was her daughter, she still felt vaguely guilty. While she was at a loss for words, Austin suddenly charged over and pushed Matias away. "What are you doing? Let go of my mother!" 
Matias stumbled back and nearly fell to the ground. 
He glared at them and charged at them again. "Were you on the rooftop too? Then tell me, what did you do to Nara?!" 
As Matias charged at him, Austin sternly rebuked, "Don't be too presumptuous! If you come any closer, I'll make a move! You're no match for me!" 
Matias stood opposite them and glared at them. 
After a long silence, he suddenly said, "Do you know that Nara is the daughter you have been searching for seventeen years? How can you treat Nara like this and not regret it?!" 
Austin rebuked angrily before Lady Gill could speak, "I told you she's not! Stop spouting nonsense here!" 
She simply couldn't accept this fact! 
Matias, overwhelmed with emotion, rushed toward them. "I understand now. The day she went to acknowledge you, she returned so dejected. It was because you denied her! If you don't want her, she's still my dear sister! You've hurt her, and I'll fight you to the death!!" 
As Matias said this, he lifted the cane and swung it hard at Austin. 
Austin wanted to push him away, but he suddenly thought about how Nara swung a stick at his head on the rooftop. 
At that time, she must have been so unafraid. She had already decided to end it all by jumping off the building; such a person wouldn't usually show mercy... 
With just a little bit more force, his head would have burst open. 
But she ultimately held back. 
This thought made Austin hesitate, and he turned his back, taking the blow without resisting. 
Enraged, Matias lifted his cane to continue his onslaught after the first blow. 
"I'll punish you for bullying Nara! Why did you search for her if you don't want her? Is it because she grew up with me and didn't have the grace of your wealthy family? Or is it because Nara is mute, and you look down on her? 
"Even if you don't want to acknowledge her, you didn't have to drive her to death! How could you do that?!" 
As Matias hit and cursed, suddenly he threw down his cane, crouched down, and started sobbing, "When I found Nara, she was burning with fever, and it rendered her mute. While unconscious, she kept saying, 'Brother, run'... Austin, you bastard, you're her brother!!" 
Austin was distressed by his crying. 
But listening to those words, he felt as if his heart were clenched by an invisible hand! 
He looked at Matias and roared again, "I said she's not my sister, so don't talk nonsense! Jackson has already said he found our sister!!" 
"Not her?" 
Upon hearing this, Matias suddenly looked up. 
He raised his hands, which were covered in Nara's blood from just now. 
He thrust his bloody hands in front of them. "If you don't believe me, then go test it!" 
His demeanor startled Austin. 
He looked at Lady Gill for help. 
Lady Gill pressed her lips tightly but suddenly said, "Fine, let's test it now."
###Chapter 478
478 Chapter 477 
Lady Gill nodded at the butler behind her. 
The butler immediately found a nurse, took a cotton swab, collected a blood sample from Matias's hand, and then turned to Austin. 
Before Austin could speak, Lady Gill plucked a strand of her hair and handed it to the butler, "Hurry up!" 
"Yes!" 
The butler hurried away. 
Austin looked at Lady Gill. "Mom, how could you go through with the verification?! How could you believe his nonsense?!" 
His voice was frantic, with a plea in it. "How could I possibly not recognize my sister? I loved my sister the most when I was a kid, and she was abducted by human traffickers when trying to save me. If she stood before me, there's no way I wouldn't recognize her... 
"So, she can't be my sister... right, it's impossible... Mom, don't be fooled by them!" 
Keira listened to his words and suddenly turned to look at him. "Austin, are you scared?" 
Austin was startled. 
Keira stepped toward him. "You're afraid that Nara, who has been persecuted by you to this extent and may not get out of the operating room alive, is your biological sister, aren't you?!" 
Austin took a step back, shocked by her blunt accusation. 
Immediately afterward, he retorted, "Nonsense! I told you that girl couldn't be my sister!!" 
"Thump!" 
Matias threw a jade pendant on the ground. 
Matias looked at them angrily. "Aren't you looking all over the city for this jade pendant? My sister has worn one since she was a child! And you still don't believe it?!" 
When Nara decided not to acknowledge her parents and brother, she tried to throw away this jade pendant. Later, Matias saw it in the trash can and retrieved it for her. 
Seeing the jade pendant, Austin was slightly taken aback. 
Immediately, he picked up the jade pendant, examined it in his hand, and then scoffed coldly. "Matias, you're so ridiculous. Knowing that our family is looking for the owner of this jade pendant, you brought a fake one to deceive us! You're something!" 
Matias was dumbfounded, "Fake?" 
The jade pendant had been on his sister's neck all along, and it was there when they found her, so over the years, Matias had never examined it closely. 
Even when their parents were sick and had no money to stay in the hospital, their family had never thought about pawning this jade pendant. 
Because they thought the jade pendant was valuable. 
But this jade pendant was fake?! 
Matias frowned. "That's impossible! My sister has been wearing this jade pendant since she was little!" 
"You're still lying!" Austin seemed to find a reason to convince himself. "Mom, do you see? They're lying! The girl in the operating room can't possibly be my sister!" 
Lady Gill looked at him but didn't speak. 
Keira laughed coldly. "So the jade pendant is a fake, no wonder... heh..." 
Austin immediately turned to her, "Why do you say that?" 
Keira said, "Jackson took Nara's jade pendant and told me to get it back from him, and he gave me this one! No wonder it's fake... He has given the real one to you! He said he had found your sister but already knew Nara was your sister!" 
"You're lying!" Austin roared at her. "That's impossible! You can't fool me! I won't believe a single word you say!" 
Keira watched his violent reaction and let out a cold laugh, saying nothing more. 
Seeing her mocking expression, Austin felt even closer to breaking down. He yelled, "Don't even think about deceiving me! You are all tricking me! How could I possibly have bullied my sister?! 
"My mom is already getting a DNA test done, and we'll have the results in half an hour at the latest. Then I'll see how you can deceive me then!" 
After saying this, Austin took Lady Gill to the side. 
Yet his gaze couldn't help but remain fixed on the operating room door, his mind flashing back to the sudden familiarity he felt upon seeing Nara... 
Austin shook his head fiercely. 
What was he thinking about? 
That was impossible... 
Nara absolutely couldn't be his sister!! 
But as he tried to convince himself, he failed to notice he had tears in his eyes, and his gaze couldn't help but settle back on the operating room. 
When he was bullying Nara, he didn't feel much of anything, but right now, he found himself hoping that the person inside the operating room would come out safe and sound... 
Before they knew it, half an hour had passed. 
Suddenly, a rapid rush of footsteps came closer – it was Gerald, the butler, carrying a DNA test report. 
His expression was solemn. He had only just approached when Austin cut him off. "Gerald, are the results out? Tell me! Surely they're lying, right?!" 
Upon hearing this, Gerald showed a hint of hesitation. 
He handed the test report to Lady Gill. 
Trembling all over, Lady Gill stared at the piece of paper in her hand... 
Unfolding the report would determine her fate... 
Seeing she was afraid to look at it, Austin snatched it away. "Mom, why are you hesitating? I've already told you that girl can't be my sister! Let me see it!" 
With that, he immediately unfolded the paper! His eyes first landed on the result, and he became rigid as if struck by lightning. He froze on the spot. 
...A 99.99% probability of being biological mother and daughter.
###Chapter 479
479 Chapter 478 
Austin stared at the report in disbelief. 
He was completely stunned. 
His hands began to tremble. "This can't be true! How can this be possible..." 
Upon hearing his exclamation, Lady Gill immediately picked up the report, and after seeing the test results, she swayed. 
Then, her gaze immediately turned to the operating room, and she threw herself toward it, frantically knocking on the door. 
"Barbara, my Barbara! You must save her for me! Save her!!" 
Lady Gill screamed. 
Seeing this, Gerald couldn't help but sigh and quickly called all the hospital's experts over. 
Doctors and nurses passed by the operating theater in a flurry, quickly entering the room. 
It wasn't long before the hospital director arrived. "Lady Gill, what happened?" 
Lady Gill grabbed the director. "I command you, by any means necessary, to save the girl in the operating room! That's my daughter, my flesh and blood! I've been searching for her for seventeen years!!" 
She wept bitterly! 
Receiving this order, the director immediately nodded. "Alright, Lady Gill, please calm down. I'll go in and see..." 
After that, the director re-entered the operating room. 
Inside the operating room, many doctors had already gathered by now. 
When the director walked over, he asked solemnly, "What's the situation?" 
"It's not looking good!" 
The head surgeon was operating. "There are points of hemorrhage in the organs, but we just can't see where! It must be felt by hand, but no one in our hospital's surgery team can do that yet!" 
As the head surgeon spoke, beads of sweat were rolling down his forehead. 
He was panicked! 
Who would have thought that what was supposed to be a simple rescue from a suicide attempt would turn out to involve the precious daughter of the Gill family?! 
If she didn't make it, he feared he might not be able to stay at the hospital any longer!! 
Thinking of this, the head surgeon trembled even more. 
"Oh no, the patient's blood pressure is dropping, and her heartbeat is slowing!" 
The nurse reminded him, which sent the head surgeon into further panic. "What do we do now? I've been feeling around here for so long, but I can't find the hemorrhage point! The amount of blood inside the organs is so obvious… No matter how much blood we transfuse, it's useless if we can't find the spot!" 
Nara had sustained very severe injuries from the fall. 
If it hadn't happened right in the hospital or without Lady Gill's deadly command, they might have already given up resuscitation! 
The girl was bleeding out as blood was transfused into her system! Now, they were maintaining Nara's vital signs by performing four transfusions simultaneously, which barely kept her alive. 
Seeing this, the director immediately walked out of the room. 
As he stepped out, Lady Gill and Austin rushed over. 
"Doctor, how is my daughter?" 
"Doctor, how is my sister?" 
The director hastily said, "Lady Gill, Mr. Gill, Miss Gill's situation is critical; she's lost too much blood..." 
"Then transfuse blood!" Lady Gill roared. "No matter how much blood is needed, our family will pay for it!" 
Austin also shouted anxiously, "Are you running out of plasma? It doesn't matter, take mine! My sister and I are both type B! Take mine!" 
While saying this, he extended his arm. 
Seeing this, the director sighed, "It's not that we don't have enough blood. Besides, Mr. Gill, you and Miss Gill are siblings. You can't give a transfusion to each other. It could cause hemolytic disease." 
Austin had been ready to extend his arm forward, but he silently withdrew his arm upon hearing the latter part. 
Lady Gill then asked, "Then what's the matter?!" 
"Miss Gill has a ruptured organ and is bleeding out quickly. We can't locate the hemorrhage point at all. It's quite urgent, and we need to resort to blind stitching! The doctor has to depend on experience to determine where the bleeding is and then suture it. This kind of surgery is hazardous! So, I came here to give you a forewarning first." 
Upon hearing this, Lady Gill staggered once again. 
Austin was shocked. "How can you be unable to locate the bleeding?! If you go on like this, how could my sister recover?!" 
The director sighed. "The hemorrhage point is too hard to find. She's bleeding too fast, and the equipment can't detect it… we've done our best!" 
Lady Gill's face turned pale. 
Austin then fiercely slapped himself, his eyes suddenly welling up with tears. "It's my fault! I'm the scoundrel who forced my sister to jump! 
"If my sister doesn't make it, I don't want to live either!" 
Saying this, he leaned against the wall and slid down onto the floor. 
Lady Gill looked at the director and demanded, "No matter what, you must save my daughter! She can't die!" 
The director sighed. "Lady Gill, I can't guarantee that… After all, the risk of blind stitching is too great. For now, we could only say that your precious daughter might have a chance of surviving if Nora were here…" 
Lady Gill was confused. "How could Nora possibly be here? Hasn't she always been abroad? I'll contact her right now!" 
The director sighed. "But it would take time for Nora to fly back from abroad, whereas Miss Gill simply can't wait any longer…"
###Chapter 480
480 Chapter 479 
Keira, standing nearby, was slightly startled when she heard this. 
Why her? 
She wasn't trained skilled in surgery at all! 
Because of her research on medication, she knew a bit about medical science… 
As she was thinking, Austin also asked the same question. "Isn't Nora someone who researches medication? Why can she save my sister?" 
The dean said, "Miss Gill's is bleeding internally. Currently, we're gambling our luck and trying to guess where the bleeding point is. Suturing the wound carries a great psychological risk, and everyone's very nervous! At this point, the only person who could keep her hand absolutely steady is probably Nora." 
After saying this, he explained, "As far as I know, Nora's hands are incredibly steady. Back when she was abroad, she participated in a surgery where the lead surgeon was too shaky to operate, and it was Nora who stepped in and completed the procedure. Her mindset and state are naturally cut out for surgery!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
So that was the reason. 
Her hands didn't shake simply because it came from turning screws in Oceanion! 
After leaving the Olsen family, she worked several jobs. 
She first worked as a courier and eventually grew into creating her own courier company. 
As a chef, she ultimately took over her master's restaurant. 
She even cleaned at a horse track and dabbled in the computer industry… 
Back then, she desperately needed money and was too young to meet the legal age for temporary work, so she could only work for a couple of hours in different place, essentially getting paid by the hour. 
She was paid little for doing lots of work. 
She worked harder than others, striving to keep a stable job, she had to perform better than the rest so that her boss would realize her excellence and would continue to secretly employ her, an underage worker. 
This led her to be the best she could be in each industry according to her understanding at the time. 
Even in the unskilled job of turning screws, she earned the title of "Senior Fitter" in the factory! 
It was all thanks to her steady hands! 
So, upon hearing this, she immediately stood up. "My hands are very steady. I'll do it." 
At her words, several people turned to look at her. 
The dean instantly frowned. "Well…" 
Lady Gill stared at her. 
Austin immediately said, "Keera, don't mess around! That's my sister!" 
Keira ignored him and walked straight to the dean, "My hands are very steady, and I've been involved in several surgeries. Just tell me what to do, I can handle it." 
The dean sized her up and after a long pause finally said, "Young lady, what you think of as steady hands is actually different from what we in the medical field define as steady hands. That..." 
Before he could finish, Keira walked straight to the operating room door and said, "Stop wasting time, hurry up, isn't the person about to not make it?" 
The dean: ? 
Lady Gill frowned. "Miss Olsen..." 
Keira looked at her. "Lady Gill, you don't trust me?" 
Lady Gill bit her lip. 
After a moment, she turned to the dean and issued a direct command. "Let her have a try!" 
The dean was dumbfounded ."Lady Gill..." 
Lady Gill turned back to Austin. "Contact Nora immediately and see if she has time to perform surgery on your sister!" 
Austin replied, "Yes!" 
Seeing that she had said nothing further, the dean then proceeded to lead Keira into the operating room. 
As they entered, the dean couldn't help but whisper to Keira. "Miss Olsen, isn't it? Volunteering at this time is unwise! Normally, people's hands don't shake, but seeing a bloody scene and performing micro-operations is an extreme test! Many veteran surgeons can't do it. You can still back out now..." 
Keira had no intention of wasting words with him and went straight to the sterilization room and changing area, having a nurse help her change into the scrub. 
She then walked to the operating table and looked at the lead surgeon. 
The lead surgeon's face was covered in sweat; he was extraordinarily tense. 
The data showing on various instruments indicated that Nara's condition was far from stable. Any further delay would certainly result in her death! 
At that moment, a delicate, slender hand reached over, taking over the surgical procedure, followed by a woman's calm voice. "What needs to be done? You direct, I'll do it." 
... 
Outside the operating room. 
Lady Gill and Austin were pacing back and forth. 
Austin couldn't help but look in the direction of the operating room and complained softly, "Mom, how could you let Keera mess around like this? How could she possibly save my sister?! If something happens to my sister..." 
Lady Gill was frustrated and also felt some apprehension for not having stopped the action earlier. 
She didn't know what had come over her, but after meeting "Keera's" gaze, she had impulsively felt that "Keera" could do it! 
Now she was extremely anxious... 
Lady Gill turned to Matias. "Do you know if Miss Olsen is skilled in medicine?" 
Matias, who had been staring blankly at the operating room, heard this and tightened his jaw. He shook his head but then added, "I believe she must have her reasons for doing this! Keera never acts out of line!" 
Austin couldn't help but curse angrily, "You believe? What good is your belief?! Why didn't you say something earlier!" 
He then looked anxiously at Lady Gill, "Mom, what is she doing? If my sister dies because she's not treated properly, I won't let Keera off!" 
"Shut up!" 
Lady Gill scolded, "Didn't you hear what the doctor said? Your sister is in a life-or-death situation, they can't handle it at all! Even if something really happens…it has nothing to do with Miss Olsen! Don't you dare to escalate the feud between the Gill family and the Olsen family!" 
Austin, furious, paced back and forth, looking toward the operating room again. He suddenly kicking the wall. "She must have done it on purpose. She's murdering my sister to deprive me of the chance to be forgiven by my sister!" 
As he said this, he slowly squatted down. 
Then he covered his head. "She knows Nara is my sister, so she's deliberately doing this to me, just to make me feel guilty and to make sure that I won't forgive myself! Keera is such a terrifying woman, how could she be so ruthless?!" 
Lady Gill looked at Austin, knowing he had entered a dead end. 
She didn't speak any more. 
Matias also swallowed nervously; at the moment of life and death for his sister, he was too distressed to bother explaining Keera's character to Austin... 
All three were nervously staring at the operating room. 
Time passed, and finally, the doors of the operating room opened, and they tensed up immediately.
###Chapter 481
481 Chapter 480 
Everybody tensed, staring fixedly at the entrance of the operating room. 
The first to come out was the director. 
He wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, his complexion pale as paper, which made the three people uneasy. 
Austin rushed toward him. "Director, how is my sister?!" 
The director stammered, "We did our best but still couldn't stop the bleeding..." 
This sentence left Austin frozen in place. 
Lady Gill staggered back a few steps, steadying herself with the wall behind her. 
Even Matias sank into a silent despair. 
It was at this moment that Keira also came out. 
She removed her cap and mask and smoothed her tightly bound hair as she stepped out, only to be confronted by Austin. "Was it you? Did you kill my sister?!" 
Keira was perplexed. 
Before Keira could speak, the director hastily interjected, "Mr. Gill, it's not like that. Let me finish what I am saying." 
"What else is there to say?! It must be her!" 
Austin was nearly going crazy. 
The director tried to calm him down. "Miss Gill's life is no longer in danger!" 
These words made Austin pause again. "What did you say?" 
The director sheepishly said, "I meant, we did our best but still couldn't find the bleeding point. Later, when Miss Olsen took over, she quickly found the spot and stitched it up successfully. The bleeding has stopped! Thanks to Miss Olsen, Miss Gill is saved!" 
Keira said lightly, "It's nothing. It was all thanks to your instruction. I don't understand much about medicine." 
The director didn't know what to say. 
They had ample theoretical knowledge, but none had hands steady enough for such a complicated surgery! 
Theory alone wasn't enough! 
But he didn't say any of that. Instead, he stepped aside. 
Nara was pushed out on an operating table... 
The director said, "Miss Gill fell from the fourth floor, breaking several bones, including the tibia and radius, as well as her ribs ... The internal bleeding has stopped. Fortunately, there was no brain hemorrhage, but she still needs to be transferred to the ICU for observation." 
Lady Gill eagerly asked, "Then when can she wake up?" 
The director immediately said, "That, we cannot say for sure. Miss Gill is weak and would normally wake up after the anesthesia wears off, but she seems overly worried lately and is exhausted, so she might need to sleep for some more time. We don't know exactly when she will wake up." 
Hearing this, Lady Gill looked at Nara, feeling heartbroken. 
She and Austin followed closely behind Nara, watching with their own eyes as Nara was brought into the hospital room. 
The ICU ward didn't allow visitors, so Lady Gill and Austin stood outside, staring steadily through the glass from the outside. 
Nara's legs and arms were suspended in mid-air to prevent her from moving and injuring the fractured areas. She was asleep, her little face pale and bloodless. She seemed like a broken doll stitched back together. 
After a while, Austin once again slapped himself. 
After doing so, he blurted out, "It's all my fault! I'm such a bastard!" 
Lady Gill's eyes were also brimming with tears as she stared inside the room. "It's my fault. I indulged you too much, letting you hurt your sister!" 
"It's my fault!" 
Austin hung his head as if his soul had been sucked out. "Mom, it's all my fault! I know it now. If I had ever considered how I would feel if my sister encountered someone like me, I would never have treated a girl like that! It was all my fault!" 
After saying that, he once again slapped himself. 
Both his cheeks were swollen from his slap, but this pain couldn't alleviate the ache in his heart in the slightest! 
Just thinking about what he had done to his sister... 
He had cut off all her internship opportunities and even, together with his mother, forced her to jump off a building... 
Austin slapped himself once more! 
Lady Gill clutched at her chest, feeling suffocated. "It was my fault. I'm to be blamed more than you are!" 
Keira and Matias watched the two of them, their mouths twitching. 
Keira reminded them, "Lady Gill, Austin, instead of blaming yourselves here, you might want to think about how to punish Jackson instead." 
That remark snapped them out of it. 
Lady Gill and Austin finally found a target to vent their anger on, their eyes instantly growing fiercer. 
Austin gritted his teeth with rage. "Right, it was Jackson who deceived us! Not only did he not tell us the origin of this jade pendant, but he also tricked us into bullying Nara when he knew she was my sister. What on earth was he planning?!" 
Lady Gill clenched her fists even tighter. "He played us!" 
Hearing this, Austin turned and walked away. 
Lady Gill asked, "Where are you going?" 
"To seek revenge for my sister! Mom, don't worry. The younger generation can settle our matters!" 
After leaving these words behind, Austin walked away. 
Lady Gill stood still, thought for a moment, but ultimately didn't follow. 
She looked toward Keira, her mouth trembling as she tried to say something, but in the end, she said a simple "Thank you." 
"You're welcome." 
Keira said indifferently, then continued. "I was only trying to save my friend's sister, but the Gill family owes me a favor. How do you plan to repay it?" 
Lady Gill immediately understood what she meant. "Just name it. As long as your demand is not excessive, the Gill family will agree to it!" 
Lady Gill had once silently vowed that if one day someone could help her find her daughter, even if it would cost half of the Gill family's fortune, she would be willing to give it away! 
Half of the Gill family's fortune was her bottom line... 
While thinking of this, she heard Keira say, "I don't have any other requests. I would like to finalize a collaboration with the Gill family." 
Lady Gill was slightly startled, "Is that all?" 
"Yes." 
Keira thought about the pharmaceutical industry and finally said, "I have a medical research institute, so how about this? Our two families will sign a ten-year supply contract, with your hospitals distributing the medicine produced by my research institute." 
Many hospitals sought medicine from the Nora Research Institute, domestically and internationally. 
She didn't want to take advantage of the Gill family; if there were to be cooperation, it would be best if it was mutually beneficial. 
But Lady Gill misunderstood... 
There were thousands of medical research institutes in the country, apart from the Nora Research Institute, which they were eager to work with, the rest were all vying to cooperate with Crera's hospitals. After all, the Gill family could almost claim a monopoly over Crera's healthcare system. 
So, whatever medicine Keira's research institute produced, Lady Gill could purchase it with just one word... If the medicine wasn't effective, it didn't matter. They could just leave it in the warehouse after buying it! 
Each year, they could use this money to repay the favor! 
Lady Gill nodded lightly and asked, "What's the name of your medical research institute?"
###Chapter 482
Keira froze when she heard Lady Gill's question.
Everyone referred to her research institute as the Nora Research Institute, but that was not its full name.
It was just an abbreviation.
The actual full name of the research institute… Keira
paused for a moment, for she really couldn't
remember!
After all, she catered for too many companies, including delivery companies, restaurants, and horse tracks.
After thinking for a while, Keira said, "If you don't mind, I'll draft a contract and tell you when it's time to
sign."
Lady Gill nodded and agreed readily. "Okay."
After they settled this matter, Keira went on to say, "By the way, about the diagnosis of my brother's
aczoospermia, I hope you can cooperate with me and let me investigate what happened."
When this was mentioned, Lady Gill said, "I have
already checked. Strangely enough, our doctor went
abroad for a seminar and never returned, and only
sending us a resignation email."
Keira was slightly startled when she heard this.
Because at the Gilen family's private hospital, the doctor who treated Eilis had done the same…
Three doctors resigned simultaneously. All of them were certified by foreign medical institutions, and none of them were returning!
Did it imply that someone was indeed targeting Eilis?
Keira frowned, and for some reason, she first thought of the mysterious people of the South family…
Meanwhile, in Jackson's hospital room.
Jackson was still unconscious.
He looked at the door and suddenly threw off the blankets, standing up. His legs were still wide apart, and he walked strangely. "Hurry up, pack up, and let's go back!"
"Can you close the door a little more fast!
Before he could leave, he door was suddenly
kicked open!
As soon as Jackson lifted his head, a fist came flying toward him, striking him hard in the face!
Jackson was sent flying and crashed to the ground.
"Jackson, today, you must explain clearly what you've done to Mr. Gill!"
"My sister broke three ribs, and I'll break three of
yours!"
As he spoke, Austin broke three of Jackson's ribs!
Jackson spat out a mouthful of blood. "Austin, spare my life, please spare my life!"
"Spare your life?!!!" Austin glared at him furiously, "Haven't I always treated you well? Why did you
deceive us like that? Do you know how many years I've been looking for my sister?!"
After spitting out blood, Jackson cried with a face full of tears. Upon hearing this, he suddenly found the strength and roared, "Did you kill me and Azure?"
Austin was taken aback.
Jackson moaned, "You either beat me or scold me. I'm your cousin, yet you treat me like a lackey! When have you ever treated me like an equal?! Austin, do you want to know why I deceived you all? Fine, I'll say it! Because I want to see you lose everything! I want to see you go around in circles because of me, to see you fly into a rage but have no solution! You are just like her!"
"Do you people from the first branch think you're born superior?! Before you discovered who she was, she was just someone from a middle family, ruthlessly standing under my feet. So why do you get to be arrogant to me?"
"I've told Azure gallantly! She's already looked toward Austin's side, do you understand?!!! If I hadn't revealed I found your little sister, do you think she would want to marry you? In this family, I'm not important at all!!!"
Hearing this, Austin punched him on the head in fury!
Blood spattered, and Jackson, coldly observing him, and finally spoke after a long silence. "No matter what excuse you have, it doesn't change the fact that you tricked Jackson, you must face the consequences for
it."
What would you do?
After those words, he kicked violently at Jackson's shin until he heard a "crack". He then angrily broke
Jackson's arms!
He kicked Jackson entirely for the injuries his younger sister had sustained!
From Jackson's hospital room, bloodcurdling screams echoed out, traveling far and wide…
When there was not an inch of skin on Jackson lying on the bed unscathed by his leg, he just couldn't bring himself to inflict further pain. A gleam lived in his heart then, heading back to the ICU.
Upon his arrival, Lady Gill was in anguish, and Austin
Austin took his own bottled of wine. He passed out from the pain. Once he's recovered from his injuries, it's from him to take a life for a life.
I shall hand her father to Keira, saying, "Miss Olsen has saved your sister's life, so she's practically a lifesaver for our family. I'm prepared that we could collaborate with her pharmaceutical research
institute. Our hospital can purchase all their medicines. . ."
Upon hearing this, Austin looked at Keira in surprise. "You own a medical research institute?"
"Yes."
Keira currently has someone from the Nora Research Institute draft a partnership contract. "My people are writing up the contract. Once it's ready, I'll send it over for you to review, and if there are no issues, we can sign it."
Lady Gill nodded. "Alright, by the way, how much medicine do you think we should purchase from your institute?"
Keira thought for a moment.
The South family wanted her to collaborate with the five great families of Canoe, and that the other four families currently had significant interests in
significant positions in collaborating with the Gill family were too small, so it wouldn't be reliable…
So, she silently rubbed her chin. "How about this. A medical collaboration of fifty million a month? What do you think?"
At those words, Lady Gill was taken aback.
Austin's face changed.
Fifty million!
She had the guts to suggest such a figure!
Fifty million a month would add up to six hundred million a year!
In ten years, that would be six billion!
This price was unprecedented for any research institute, unique only to Nora Research Institute because the
Gill family had wanted to compete for the rights to Nora Research Institute's new products. 
"Keira!" seemed nonchalant, as if he had no particular request, but what he asked was ruthless!
Austin was about to say something, but Lady Gill quickly ed.
Austin could only hide his displeasure. "Mom!"
Lady Gill shook her head. "Her sister's life is worth six billion?"
Six billion seemed like a lot, but for the Gill family, it was far less than half their deal worth!
Upon hearing those words, Austin fell silent.
Lady Gill said, "Austin, you've always been fooling around. Why don't you handle this contract? It'll be a good learning opportunity. Next month, the new products from the Nora Research Institute will be released. Learn how to form partnerships, and next month, go and try to secure the rights to Nora Research Institute's new products." 
Austin nodded, though reluctantly.
"Ding!"
Just then, Keira's phone pinged. She raised an eyebrow. "Here's the contract. Shall we have Mr. Gill take a look 
first?"
"Sure."
Austin opened the contract and glanced at it.
Upon seeing the full name of a party A, he was completely stunned.
###Chapter 483
Austin furrowed his brows and looked at Party A's full company name on the contract, feeling he might have read it wrong.
He rubbed his eyes and looked again.
Typically, when they purchased drugs from a scientific research institute, the Gill Group was always Party B, but at this moment, the other party's contract stated that Party A was not the Gill family, but-
Watson Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
This name sounded somewhat unfamiliar.
Yet it also felt familiar, as if he had seen it somewhere.
Austin pondered for a moment with furrowed brows but still couldn't remember where he had seen it, so he simply frowned and turned to Keira. "Keira, we are the buyers, and you are the sellers. By rights, we should be Party A."
But Keira replied, "I'm sorry, our pharmaceutical research institute has always been party A when it comes to selling drugs."
483 Chapter 482.
Austin immediately wanted to say something but was scolded by Lady Gill. “Austin, don’t be disrespectful to
Miss Olsen!"
Austin just pouted and turned his head away with a grumble.
Keira had achieved her goal, and besides, Nara was no longer in critical condition, and when she would wake up was merely a matter of time.
Keira decided not to stay there with the mother and son. She greeted Matias and then left the hospital.
Austin couldn't help but complain to Lady Gill as soon as she left. "Mom! Look at how demanding she is! In all of Clanco's pharmaceutical companies, aside from Nora Research Institute, no company dares to act as Party A when working with us!"
Lady Gill glared at him. "Are you not going to repay her for saving your sister!?"
Austin was speechless.
Only then did he reluctantly lower his gaze and, after a long while, said, "I'll have someone stamp the contract tomorrow and send it to her."
483 Chapter 482
"Good."
After Lady Gill said that, she kept her gaze on the ICU.
She wasn’t concerned about the contract; she only hoped her daughter would wake up soon.
Noticing Lady Gill's gaze, Austin couldn't help but look toward the ICU ward.
Even at a glance, his expression gradually becoming lost and hesitant until it ultimately became helpless and dejected.
He knew his sister's plight today wasn't all Jackson's
Fault.
He was more to blame.
Assaulting Jackson was merely an attempt to vent his feelings of powerlessness.
Yes, powerlessness.
At this moment, he finally understood what the Creva proverb "karma goes full circle" and "good and evil will come back around" really meant.
He had grown up in the Gill family, and because his sister was snatched away, his mother's affection for
483 Chapter 482
him became double as if to make up for the lost share of his sister.
He was spoiled to the point of losing control and lived in a daze all these years.
Having had enough of the life of luxury, he found it unstimulating, so he always sought something exciting to feel that he was still alive.
That was why he bragged about sleeping with Mary . . . .
That was why he took joy in bullying others, watching them unable to fight back.
Even when pushing Nara to jump off the building, he was still feeling impatient!
How could he treat a girl like that?!
He shouldn't have treated her that way, even if she wasn't his sister!
Austin gazed at Nara on the hospital bed regretfully. Suddenly, his legs gave way, and he knelt in front of the ICU ward.
Lady Gill's fingers tightened, but she didn't stop him.
Matias stared fiercely at them; he thought Austin
483 Chapter 482
should kneel and atone for his previous actions!
If it weren’t for Austin's indulgence or the Gill family's protection, Jackson couldn't have pushed his sister to this extreme.
The culprits who drove his sister to jump from the building weren't just Jackson. Lady Gill and Austin weren't innocent either!
All three of them were murderers!
Matias clenched his fists and suddenly charged forward, striking Austin's back with his stick again. "Get out! Nara refuses to wake up... I'm sure she doesn't want to see you! Both of you, get out! Don't stay here!"
Austin dared not fight back and knelt silently. He bowed his head without speaking.
With every blow from Matias's stick, he would tremble slightly. After the fifth strike, he uncontrollably dodged backward.
Matias kept hitting. "Get out! If you stay here, my sister won't wake up!"
Upon hearing this, Austin was slightly stunned.
Matias then turned to Lady Gill. "And you, get out with
483 Chapter 482 
him!"
Lady Gill's face was tense, her eyes welling up. "Fine, we'll leave."
Lady Gill wiped away the tears at the corner of her eyes and turned to leave.
Seeing this, Austin also stood up, staggering as he followed Lady Gill.
Neither spoke as they left the corridor, and they sat on the bench around the corner.
Lady Gill didn't plan to leave, and neither did Austin.
Nara didn’t want to see or hear them speak, so they kept their distance. They couldn’t ignore Nara. 
She was their daughter and sister, the one they had been searching for seventeen years . . . .
Austin hung his head, then suddenly looked at Lady Gill. "Mom, do you think . . ."
He choked up before finishing his sentence, and then, after some time, he spoke again, “Do you think my sister will still acknowledge us?" 
Lady Gill pursed her lips, unsure of what to say . . .
483 Chapter 482 
Silence fell between them for a moment.
Suddenly, Austin started crying, not knowing how long he cried before raising his head. "Mom, you're right. Keira saved my sister's life. It's not just a contract. Even if we gave her the entire Gill family, I would have no complaints!” 
Lady Gill sighed.
While they were talking, the butler rushed over, panting. "Madam, Sir, something terrible has happened!"
"What's wrong?"
Lady Gill asked sharply.
The butler caught his breath. "We just got inside information that a force overseas has issued a ban against us and is planning to acquire us at a very price!"
Lady Gill stood up abruptly. "What?"
Low
Austin was stunned. "How could this be? Who have we offended recently?!"
Lady Gill and Austin exchanged a glance.
###Chapter 484
484 Chapter 483 
In the study room. 
Tom was earnestly persuading Lewis. "Boss, actually, forcing them to cooperate with Miss Olsen is really simple. There's no need to go down the acquisition route... When we established our overseas power, you once said you wouldn't lay hands on any Crera enterprise. Besides, you don't even care for such petty domestic affairs, so why trouble yourself with this unprofitable business?" 
Lewis said indifferently, "The Horton Group has come to Clance, and the balance of power contested by the five great families of Clance has been broken. Destroying the Gill family would also smooth the way for the Horton family to become one of the five major families." 
Tom curled his lip. "Stop making excuses! What's wrong with having six major families?" 
Lewis glanced at the computer. "I think five sounds better than six." 
Tom was dumbfounded. 
He thought, "You're clearly doing this for Miss Olsen! Still making up excuses!" 
Originally, they had planned to gradually acquire the company, but because Helen suddenly came to the South residence took Keira away to apologize to Lady Gill, Lewis grew impatient. 
Tom was about to continue when the door was suddenly pushed open, and Keira walked in. 
Just moments ago, Lewis had had a cool and detached air, but the moment she entered, he instantly transformed into a gentle and refined gentleman, standing up and asking, "Why are you back so late? Are you tired?" 
After that, his tone turned cold as he asked indifferently, "Did the Gill family give you any trouble?" 
Keira waved her hand. "No, they're too busy being grateful to me right now. How could they give me any trouble?" 
Lewis was slightly taken aback. "What?" 
Keira then recounted her entire day, from how she discovered Nara's jade pendant could be related to the Gill family, to seeking out Matias for questioning, finding Nara, heading to the hospital rooftop, and proving Nara's identity. 
In the end, she couldn't help but remark, "I saw that both Lady Gill and Austin had unsightly expressions on their faces. After all, the daughter and sister whom they've cherished from childhood has now been humiliated by them. They must be filled with regret at this moment." 
Lewis asked, "…So, you've settled the cooperation with the Gill family now?" 
"Yes, I've already given them the contract. I reckon the deal will be closed within the next couple of days..." 
After Keira said that, sue received a phone call. She picked it up and found out it was from the head of the Nora Research Institute. "Director Nora, the Gill Group has suddenly deposited six billion in advance to our company." 
Keira was perplexed. 
Confused, she said, "Well, just keep it then. They'll have to give it to us sooner or later." 
"…Alright, then I'll go prompt the Gill Group about the contract tomorrow. What's with this situation? We haven't even signed the contract, but the money has already been transferred..." 
After the phone call ended, Keira slightly shook her head and then stretched lazily. "I'm going to take a shower." 
It had been quite a busy day! 
Once Keira had gone to the bedroom, Tom's voice came through the compute., "Boss, do you still think that six sounds better than five?" 
Lewis said, "Get lost." 
"Got it, I'll inform them now to cancel the sanctions against the Gill Group." 
Lewis switched off the laptop without hesitation, abruptly ending the chat with his subordinate. 
— 
At the Gill residence. 
The eldest and the second sons of the Gill family rushed back from out of town, asking, "What's going on? Why is our group being sanctioned?!" 
"Yeah, who did we offend? Why have several of our overseas partners stopped all collaboration with us?" 
"We still haven't received the news domestically, but some friends abroad have tipped me off that starting tonight, there will be individuals shorting our stock and acquiring our company!" 
"Who is the other party exactly? They're so elusive..." 
"Where are Mom and Austin? Why aren't they home?" 
As a group of people were engaged in heated discussion, the eldest son of the Gill family suddenly received a phone call. He answered, and the voice of a business partner came through. "Mr. Gill, it was a misunderstanding! That was all!" 
The eldest son was stunned. "What?" 
The person on the other end began to speak. "We made a mistake. The big shot we thought was targeting you isn't after you at all, so it's all been a misunderstanding! They've verbally canceled the sanctions against you! Our cooperation can continue as before!" 
All members of the Gill family were speechless. 
What the hell was going on?! 
Was someone making fun of them? 
... 
The Gill family felt as if the sky was about to fall, yet suddenly there was light at the end of the tunnel, none of which were Lewis's concern. 
Even if it meant scaring them, it didn't matter. 
That was the punishment for what they did to Keira! That evening, Lewis held Keira from behind when they were lying on the soft bed, whispering to each other. "So, Ellis was really set up?" 
Keira nodded. "Yes, but I've checked it out. The three doctors who conducted the examination for him didn't have any contact with each other. He found three people who wouldn't intentionally give a false result at the same time, yet it still happened. Don't you find that strange? Why would people in the medical industry all tell the same lie?" 
Lewis's eyes became brooding, and he suddenly looked down and said, "Did you know that in this world, there's actually technology monopolies?" 
Keira was startled and looked at him. 
Lewis said lightly, "There are many unknown organizations and clubs in the world. Their purpose is to monopolize the technology of the entire planet. As long as they have the highest level of technology in a particular industry under their control, they are akin to the king of that industry!" 
Keira pursed her lips. "You mean to say that there's such an organization in the medical industry, and their 'king' has ordered that Ellis must be diagnosed with azoospermia. So, all the doctors in the world don't dare to defy that order?" 
Lewis nodded. "That's a possibility." 
Keira then said, "I think what you're saying is probably right." 
The South family was so mysterious. She and Uncle Olsen had searched all over the planet for so long without finding a single clue. This suggested there really were many capable people in the world. 
While ordinary people lived their day-to-day lives, many geniuses were hidden in the shadows controlling the economic development and technological progress of the entire planet... 
Both Keira and Lewis were lost in wild thoughts when Lewis's phone suddenly rang. 
He answered, and Old Mrs. Horton's voice came through. "Brat, I'm already in Clance. When are you coming to see me?" 
Upon hearing this, Lewis smiled softly, his eyes tenderly fixed on Keira. "Grandma, I'll be there." 
Old Mrs. Horton responded with a grunt. "Brat, how come I've heard that you're engaged again? This time to the legitimate daughter of the Olsen family? How can you do this? It's been less than half a year since your wife passed away, and you're getting engaged to someone else. Aren't you afraid of hurting her?" 
Lewis was momentarily stunned, then let out a wry laugh, and after a while, he replied, "Grandma, she won't be sad because she would want me to get engaged to Miss Olsen more than anyone else." 
As he said this, he leaned in close to Keira's ear. 
Keira gave him a fierce stare. 
Old Mrs. Horton, however, sighed with a tinge of pique in her voice. "Brat, your late wife would certainly hope that you could move on quickly, but you shouldn't be using that excuse. I heard you were living with that woman and even acting as her personal driver... When you were with Keira, you never acted so attentive, did you?" 
Lewis didn't know what to say. 
He coughed and said, "Grandma, what's with the personal attack?" 
"I don't care! you're whipped! And one more thing, I'm telling you, I won't acknowledge your engagement to that woman! In my eyes, I only have one grand-daughter-in-law!" 
Old Mrs. Horton's words carried a seemingly petulant note. 
Yet Lewis suddenly laughed. "Grandma, how about I let Miss Olsen talk to you?" 
With that, he moved the phone to Keira's ear.
###Chapter 485
485 Chapter 484
Keira was about to greet old Mrs. Horton when suddenly a beeping tone came from the phone.
She paused slightly and then realized that old Mrs. Horton had hung up.
She was speechless.
Lewis couldn't help but smile ruefully. "Grandma only acknowledges one granddaughter-in-law, and there's nothing we can do about it."
Keira shook her head.
Lewis also had no intention of calling back.
Discussing these matters over the phone was too risky; if the mobile phone was monitored, Keira's identity would be exposed.
For now, she still needed to maintain her sister's identity to try and save her mother.
Lewis, of course, wouldn't expose her identity in public.
Keira said, "Let's visit Grandma another day."
"There's no need to wait for another day," said Lewis, his eyes cast down. "There's a banquet at the Horton residence in a few days. It's the first banquet since my arrival in Clance, so it's also our first appearance. The Horton family views it as important and has already sent invitations to all the major families. You, as my fiancée, have to attend as well."
Upon hearing this, Keira turned to look at Lewis. "A banquet? Under what pretext is it being held?"
As soon as she asked, Lewis's expression stiffened slightly.
He coughed, turned his head to the side, and suddenly turned his back on Keira. "There's no particular reason; it's just a casual event."
Of course, it was held in the name of his birthday!
But Keira didn't seem to care about him, probably not even remembering his birthday!
Lewis felt somewhat gloomy.
Although he understood she was under a lot of pressure recently, carrying a heavy burden, it still bothered him that she didn't remember his birthday... Lewis knew he shouldn't be upset over such a trivial matter.
But he just couldn't help it.
Seeing him turn his back, Keira didn't think much of it and simply said, "It's fine to have a banquet without any particular reason... Okay then, let's go to bed."
And then there was silence.
Lewis was perplexed.
He slowly turned around to find that Keira had already fallen asleep.
Her face was buried into the pillow, her lengthy hair spread across the entire surface, giving her a docile look with her eyes closed.
Yet the mole at the corner of her eye exuded an innocent charm.
Lewis was utterly enchanted by her.
He watched her quietly and, in the end, could only let out a helpless sigh and closed his eyes.
That night, he had trouble sleeping and even dreamed Keira had dragged him shopping for clothes for Amy. However, when they got to the mall, she suddenly handed him a birthday gift: "Here, happy birthday. This is for you."
In the dream, the smile never left his face.
Unfortunately, when the first rays of dawn shone on his face, Lewis woke up to realize it was just a beautiful dream.
He watched the ceiling quietly and turned to the still-sleeping woman beside him, suddenly breaking into a resigned smile.
Keira had been so busy lately, her mind occupied with completing the South family's task and rescuing her mother. How could she possibly remember his birthday?
He was expecting too much.
How could he be upset with her over such a minor issue?
The man who had sulked all night long thus talked himself out of his mood.
...
After breakfast.
Keira suddenly said, "The collaboration with the Gill family is complete, and today, we're just waiting for the contract signing and their new feedback. Why don't we go shopping instead of waiting around at home?"
Her words made Lewis's eyes light up slightly.
He suddenly looked up at Keira but couldn't read any expression on her calm face.
Did she remember?
Or was it just a casual invitation to go shopping?
Lewis cleared his throat. "What are we shopping for?"
Keira said, "It doesn't necessarily have to be for anything specific. We'll just look around."
Just browsing around, indeed!
Lewis put on a slight smile. "Sure!"
After breakfast, the two let the nanny stay at home with Amy and told Mary to rest well before they left the house.
There was no sign of Ellis at the doorway.
However, when leaving the residential area, Keira vaguely saw Ellis's car hidden in an inconspicuous corner.
The car windows were tinted, allowing someone inside to see out but preventing those outside from seeing the person in the car. Therefore, she couldn't tell if Ellis was there.
Keira asked, "Is Ellis still having a fever?"
Ellis had stood in the rain all night and got a fever by the afternoon. James had even come to see her because of this.
Lewis answered, "His temperature went down last night."
He also glanced at Ellis's car and suddenly wondered if Mary would eventually forgive Ellis.
While he was lost in thought, they arrived at the shopping mall.
Clance's largest luxury mall was located within the third zone, and its parking garage was full of expensive cars.
After parking their car, they went upstairs together.
Lewis watched Keira, trying to deduce from her few words whether she knew that his birthday was the day after tomorrow.
Unfortunately, she seemed indifferent while shopping, showing no sign of knowing.
Lewis decided not to guess anymore and to wait for the final surprise.
Keira shopped without much purpose, popping into stores that piqued her interest, and ended up buying two hair clips for Amy.
She didn't find anything exciting.
The two then wandered into a Cartier boutique...
"There should be something here that would make a good gift for me, like cufflinks..."
Lewis thought this to himself, only to see Keira casually browse for a while and then seem uninterested as she walked out.
Lewis was perplexed.
He immediately grabbed Keira. "You didn't see anything you like?"
"This place is all jewelry. After looking around, I didn't find anything I liked."
Keira then added. "I usually don't like to wear jewelry; it feels too much."
Lewis didn't know what to say.
So Keira didn't plan to buy anything for him?
It seemed that her trip to the mall today was just window shopping!
Lewis's lips twitched, and he felt slightly frustrated. He was about to say something else when a voice rang out. "Bring me all the jewelry suitable for young women, one of each!"
Keira turned her head and saw Austin shopping with a manager. He was empty-handed when he said those words and immediately handed over a bank card. "After packing everything, send it to my house."
The manager was delighted but asked, "Mr. Gill, who are you buying for? Has she bought any of our new styles this year? You don't want to purchase anything she already has."
Austin replied, "I'm buying for my sister. She has no jewelry, so that won't be a problem."
The manager was immediately excited. "You found your sister?"
Austin nodded, the usually haughty man somewhat tense now. "Do you think my sister will like these?"
The manager assured him, "All girls are sure to like jewelry."
Austin nodded. "Right, she definitely will. Okay, pack these up, and I'm going upstairs to pick out more for her."
After Austin said this and turned to leave, he caught sight of Keira and Lewis.
Upon seeing Lewis's stern face again, Austin remembered the pain of being tortured by that man, and his expression soured. "Miss Olsen, are you shopping with a gigolo?"
Keira raised an eyebrow.
Lewis didn't say anything but just looked at him.
Under that gaze, Austin coughed and then stepped forward. "Miss Olsen, look, I'm reminding you of gratitude for saving my sister. You should end it with this gigolo already!"
Keira asked, "Why?"
Austin scoffed. "Aren't you engaged to the Horton family? This gigolo might be ruthless, but how could he be a match for Lewis Horton? You're just playing around with him, right? Better to break it off quickly to not embarrass the Horton family..."
Before he could finish, Keira chuckled. "And do you know what his name is?"
###Chapter 486
486 Chapter 485 
Austin paused slightly upon hearing this. "What's his name? He can't be Lewis Horton, can he?" 
Keira raised her eyebrows. 
The Horton family was about to hold a banquet and formally make a public appearance in Clance, and Lewis would definitely show up by then. It was time to reveal his identity! 
Keira was about to nod when Austin curled his lips and said, "Miss Olsen, to be honest, I don't care what his name is. I'm just kindly advising you. It's up to you whether you listen or not. However, I've always looked down upon arranged marriages. Since both parties have agreed, you'd better show Lewis some respect and not show off your boyfriend too ostentatiously!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She twitched her mouth corner. 
Austin left for the door. "Alright, I won't take up your time. I'm busy preparing things for my sister. I used to buy things for her, too; I just never realized she's so thin that neither clothes nor jewelry sizes are the right match." 
At this point, Keira delivered a metaphorical stab to his heart. "Has Nara forgiven you?" 
That question drove away the light in Austin's eyes. "Not yet... but my sister and I are family, and blood is thicker than water. She'll eventually come home." 
Keira nodded, then asked, "By the way, have you stamped our contract? My people should have gone to your office." 
She was pretty anxious about this. 
She had already completed cooperation with the five major families. Why hadn't the behind-the-scenes person from the South family sent her a message yet? It must be because the contract with the Gill family hadn't been completed. 
No sooner had she said this than Austin said, "The money has been transferred to you, so what are you rushing the contract for? Our company's legal department is reviewing the contract, and once it's reviewed, we will sign it." 
Keira said, "I don't mind when you transfer the money, but the contract is urgent. How long will their review take?" 
Austin was perplexed. 
He couldn't help but look Keira up and down. "Are you so afraid this contract will fall through? The money is transferred, but that's not enough. Is your company a new enterprise and is eager to use the Gill family's medical resources to make a name and seize market share?" 
Before Keira could speak, Lewis mildly interjected. "Do you know the name of her company? Why must she use your family's medical resources to gain popularity?" 
Austin curled his lips. "How would I know? I've never even heard of her company's name! Besides, if her pharmaceutical company had any reputation, they wouldn't be so eager to cooperate with us, right? The big pharmaceutical enterprises are all on an equal footing with us. The only enterprise in Crera we would actively seek to cooperate with is the Nora Research Institute!" 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a glance, and both of them laughed. 
Austin said, "What are you laughing at? It looks so strange... Never mind, I'll call right now and hurry them up, ensuring they sign the contract today!" 
Having said this, Austin picked up his phone and called his company's legal department. 
As the call went through, the voice of the legal department's director came from the other end. "Mr. Gill, do you have any instructions?" 
Austin said, "Have you reviewed the contract I sent over today?" 
The director immediately said, "I apologize, Mr. Gill. We've been busy today with the contract with the Nora Research Institute, thinking about how to guarantee our benefits while giving them the best profit distribution, so we haven't looked at your contract yet." 
The Gill Group was about to negotiate cooperation with the Nora Research Institute, so the entire company was preparing for it. 
Austin expressed his understanding. "The cooperation on my end is urgent. I looked over the contract yesterday, and it's rather simple, just about ten pages or so. Can you expedite the review on your end? This is what you'll do. Review it now." 
Inside the Gill Group. 
The legal department's director almost rolled his eyes upon hearing this! 
The entire company was busy working on the Nora Research Institute. How could they have time to help him review a minor contract? 
But Austin was his boss, and he dared not neglect. 
Suppressing his frustration, the director pulled out the contract that Austin had sent over from the pile of contracts delivered today. 
He opened the contract and glanced instinctively at the Party B on it. 
But he saw the name of their own company. 
The director was stunned. "Mr. Gill, our company typically signs contracts with pharmaceutical companies as Party A. Is there a mistake here?" 
"If it's Party B, so be it. Don't worry about that!" 
"...Alright then." The director sighed and looked at Party A on the contract. 
On further inspection, he suddenly froze! 
Recently, the company has been interacting with the Nora Research Institute... Although Nora's fame overshadowed the institute's real name, and few people knew it, how could the director not be aware? 
They had already drafted over a dozen agreements with the Nora Research Institute! 
The director rubbed his eyes, wondering if he had seen it wrong. 
He confirmed that Party A was indeed Watson Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 
That was the Nora Research Institute! 
The director became excited, "Mr. Gill, this contract, this Party A..." 
He was so excited that he didn't finish his sentence. 
Inside the boutique. 
Austin listened and couldn't help but ask, "What? Any problem with the Party A?" 
After saying this, he looked at Keira. "Your company is legitimate, right? You do have a business license, don't you?" 
Otherwise, why would his legal department's director be so excited? 
The legal department drafts countless contracts each year. They'd seen unreliable companies and always included the risks in the contract... 
What kind of oversight in Keira's company could shock him so much? 
Keira was perplexed. 
She smiled wryly, "Of course, it's reliable. Our company has been established for three years!" 
"I see. You were established at the same time as the Nora Research Institute, huh? Well, you'll have to work hard. Look at how powerful the Nora Research Institute is now." 
Austin laughed again, "But there's nothing you can do. The Nora Research Institute is powerful because Nora is there with all her patents. I heard that the Nora Research Institute just successfully developed a breakthrough drug for Alzheimer's disease! Impressive, right? So, in the future, don't focus too much on cooperating with us. Even if we help you break into Clance's market, you won't get far in the pharmaceutical industry without strong technology!" 
Keira remained silent. 
She crossed her arms and watched Austin with a smile that wasn't quite a smile. 
Austin was about to say more when he heard the director's voice from the phone. "No, no, Mr. Gill, the Party A company on this contract is the full name of the Nora Research Institute!!" 
Austin's smile suddenly froze on his face.
###Chapter 487
487 Chapter 486 
Austin looked at Keira in disbelief and asked the person on the phone, "What did you say?" 
"Mr. Gill, we've been working to the bone just to collaborate with the Nora Research Institute, and since you've already partnered with them, why didn't you say something earlier? The amount on the contract is only a fifty million quota per month. Could you possibly ask the client if we could have more each month? We're open to negotiations on the price. I think the unit price on their current contract is a bit low... Mr. Gill, whom did you find at the Nora Research Institute to land this order at such a favorable price?!" 
The words from the director made Austin feel like he was dreaming. 
He paused, then said, "Wait. What Nora Research Institute? I have no idea what you're talking about... Do you mean the company that signed the contract with us is the Nora Research Institute? Could there be some mistake?" 
The director laughed immediately. "How could that be? It's written on our contract; we've been continuously liaising about it lately. There's no way there's a mistake with the full name of the Nora Research Institute! They've even stamped their electronic seal on the contract, so there can't be a mistake. Mr. Gill, you've earned your stripes for the company! Oh, did you hear what I just said? Can we increase the quota?" 
Austin didn't know what to say. 
He looked blankly at Keira and asked, "Can we increase the quota?" 
Keira stroked her chin. "You should discuss that with my management team. They should already be in contact with you. However, I have one condition: we must sign the contract today." 
"Right, I see." 
Austin dumbly passed the message to the director, then hung up and stared blankly at Keira again. "Why do you say the Nora Research Institute is your company? Are you... " 
He suddenly thought of the critical moment in his sister's surgery when "Keera" entered the operating room to help. At that time, the hospital director said only Nora could save his sister... 
So... 
"Keera" was Nora?! 
Austin felt there was something very wrong with this idea! After all, how could someone as impressive as Nora be so young?! 
Keira raised an eyebrow at him, then linked arms with Lewis. "Let's go." 
Lewis gave an indulgent smile and glanced at Austin. "Yeah, let's." 
Austin stared at them from behind, and after a long while, he still felt like he hadn't come to his senses. 
That couldn't be possible... 
He felt as if he was dreaming! 
He quickly took out his phone and called Lady Gill. "Mom, do you know? Keera is..." 
Halfway through, Austin quickly lowered his voice and looked around stealthily, "She is Nora!" 
"What?!" 
Lady Gill exclaimed in surprise. 
Hearing her astonishment, Austin suddenly felt a little less silly. Maybe he didn't look as foolish as he just did? 
... 
Keira had no idea Austin had run to Lady Gill for comfort; she and Lewis left Cartier and went upstairs, planning to buy some clothes for Amy. 
Keira liked several children's garments and bought them all. 
As they walked around, she suddenly pointed to the men's section. "That suit over there looks pretty good on you." 
Upon hearing this, Lewis grew excited. 
Here we go again... 
Keira must be thinking of buying him clothes, and then once they'd paid, she'd say "Happy Birthday"... 
He looked expectantly at Keira, "Really? Then we..." 
He didn't finish the sentence, "Let's go in and have a look," when he saw Keira shake her head. "No, that tie is too pretentious for someone of your cool demeanor. Let's go somewhere else." 
Lewis said, "I think it's quite suitable." 
Keira looked at him and said, "Are you sure?" 
Lewis was perplexed. 
Suddenly unsure how to respond, he fell silent for a moment, only to be dragged away by Keira. "Don't force yourself into buying something you don't like. We're just window-shopping without a particular goal; that outfit doesn't match you; forget it..." 
"..." 
So, she had forgotten about his birthday! 
He was mad! 
Lewis took a deep breath, feeling an intense suffocation in his chest, and then continued to accompany Keira through the second and third floors of the mall... 
When they reached the sixth floor, they were about to have dinner, but Keira still showed no intention of buying anything for him! 
Lewis coughed. "I seem to be running out of clothes to wear. Maybe you can help me pick a few later?" 
Since Keira had forgotten, he had to take matters into his own hands! 
But just as he said this, Keira replied, "You already stocked my house with seven or eight of the same tracksuits. How can you have nothing to wear?" 
Lewis was speechless. 
"I'm tired. I don't want to shop anymore. Let's just go have dinner!" 
Lewis followed Keira into the restaurant reluctantly. 
Outside the restaurant. 
Austin, who had been stealthily following them, crept out from around the corner and stroked his chin. 
With her identity as Nora, "Keera" didn't need to enter into a marriage alliance. 
But this gigolo was clearly after her money because he'd been so brazen about wanting a gift just now! 
Moreover, Lewis's birthday party was tomorrow, and Nora hadn't prepared a birthday gift for her so-called "fiancé"? 
Austin decided he needed to go and remind her!
###Chapter 488
Even though the elite families had arranged marriages, they were very concerned about their images.
Since “Keira” and Lewis were publicly engaged, no matter how unrestrained they were in private, they must preserve each other’s dignity.
Thinking of this, Austin entered the restaurant.
At this very moment, Keira was having a meal with a sulky Lewis, seemingly oblivious to his displeasure.
They were having Wagyu beef barbecue today.
Once the beef was served, Lewis remained silent and started grilling the meat for her.
Keira finally sensed something was off and asked cautiously, “Are you a bit upset?”
Lewis paused slightly as a flicker of excitement rose in his chest.
Since she asked, he might as well tell her the truth.
As this thought crossed his mind, he heard Keira say, “The Horton Group just moved to Clanco, and there
must be many things to handle. Are you worn out? If so, don’t overwork yourself being my driver. You should go home and attend to your business affairs.”
Lewis was speechless.
How could this woman be so insensitive?!
Then why had he ever complained about being tired?!
Lewis felt his breathing quicken as if he was about to pass out from frustration because of this woman!
He turned his head away, ignoring her.
Just as Keira was about to ask him another question, Austin appeared again. “Well, Keira, do you know the Horton family is hosting a banquet tonight?”
Keira nodded. “I’m aware.”
Austin coughed, and at ‘the gigolo’, and asked, “Do you know under what pretext the Horton family is hosting this banquet?”
Keira was taken aback. “What pretext?”
Austin didn’t speak but glanced proudly at the gigolo*
once more.
He had initially thought that bringing up the Horton
family at this moment would make ‘the gigolo’ unhappy. Unexpectedly, the man’s gaze turned intense suddenly, hys eyes filled with eagerness.
How could Lewis not be eager?!
He had always wanted to know why the Horton family was holding this banquet. Because of their abrupt breakup, this information could be learned through someone else, couldn’t it? And now, that someone else was right in front of him!
His lips curled into a smile.
Austin was perplexed.
How could this ‘gigolo’ have such thick skin, knowing that Keita was married into the Horton family?! Even when he brought up the Horton family, that man still sat there smiling!
If the ‘gigolo’ hadn’t walloped him before, Austin would have at least mocked him a few times.
But now, he didn’t dare.
He could only mention some news about the Horton family to disgust him…
So, Austin turned his attention back to Keira. “It’s
under the pretext of…”
Before he could finish his sentence, Keira’s phone rang.
Keira lowered her head and glanced at the screen, only to find it was Lady Gill. She immediately answered the call. “Hello, Lady Gill.”
Lady Gill immediately said, “Miss Olsen, I heard from Austin that you’re Neral Thank you so much for your cooperation with us!”
“No trouble at all,” Keira replied indifferently.
Lady Gill coughed. “Miss Olsen, there was a misunderstanding regarding the previous matter. We thought the cooperation was in peril from you saying your daughter is a hoe, but now as we see you’re a favor for this contract… The Gill family owes you Heeding your help, anything, just say the word, and we’ll do it.”
Hearing this promise, Keira somehow understood why the South family insisted that she cooperate with the five great families of Clanco.
She pressed her lips together. “You’re too kind.”
Lady Gill added, “Since I owe you such a big favor, I‘ll say a bit more. Since yesterday, there has been a deliberate spread of rumors about in Clanco, and everyone in the circle has heard…”
Keria was slightly taken aback. “What rumors?”
Lady Gill said, “Since yesterday, your reputation within the circle has changed. You used to be known as Uncle Olsen’s newly found daughter, the most esteemed princess of Clanco, but now it’s said that your private life is in disarray because you do not show respect to the Horton family and keep a gigolo around… It’s also said that your association with the Horton family is quite awkward. I heard a
University student as a boyfriend. I advise you to break up soon; such rumors are bad for you.”
Keira raised her eyebrows. “Lady Gill, do you know
who started these rumors?”
“I don’t know. However, I can offer you a piece of information,” Lady Gill responded.
“What is it?” Keira asked.
Lady Gill coughed again, “When we fell out with the Olsen family, someone anonymously sent Austin the
results of Ellis’s infertility test.”
Keira was taken aback upon hearing this. Then she arched an eyebrow.
The results of Ellis’s test were always kept confidential and weren’t easily found by outsiders. Lady Gill subtly implied with her words that the mess was a mole within the Olsen family!
The implication was that of the seven sons in the
Olsen family, with Uncle Olsen having no sons of his own, all had a claim to the inheritance and could vie
for it!
In other words, any of the other six brothers could commit acts against Ellis to fight for the inheritance! 
Such family feuds among the wealthy were quite common.
Keira also frowned, pondering which of her brothers could struggle for the inheritance.
As she thought this through, she ruled out the youngest one as he wasn’t bright enough, and James, who was determined to marry into another family, so he seemed unlikely too… 
That ruled out two, leaving four possible suspects…
She cast her eyes down and said softly, “Lady Gill, thank you for the warning.”
“Don’t mention it,” Lady Gill responded.
“You said that if I need help, I should just ask,” Keira stated.
“Precisely,” Lady Gill affirmed.
“See you at the Horton family’s banquet.”
Lady Gill hung up, and Keira turned her gaze toward Austin.
Austin looked bored since she was on the phone and was watching Lewis. After a glance, he coughed and asked, “Keira, this man of yours looks quite menacing. What’s his name?” 
Upon hearing this, Keira raised an eyebrow.
She propped her chin up and turned to Austin. “Lewis Horton.”
###Chapter 489
489 Chapter 488
Austin was taken aback.
He was confused. "As in the Horton Group's Lewis Horton?"
Keira nodded.
Austin took another glance at Lewis and smiled at him."Lewis?"
Lewis didn't speak, which was as good as a confirmation.
Austin pulled a face and then said to Keira, "Are you kidding me? Do you honestly think Lewis has nothing better to do than to drive you around?"
Keira didn't know what to say.
Lewis, who apparently had nothing better to do, didn't know what to say either.
Just as Keira was about to explain, Austin stood up. "Alright, you don't have to tease me anymore. Don't ignore the warning my mom just gave you. There's a mole in the Olsen family, so be careful! And as for the Horton family's banquet, take it seriously and remember to bring a gift."
Leaving these words behind, he stood up and left.
Lewis was speechless.
"Can't you, like, clarify things before you go? What gift?!"
Keira, on the other hand, shook her head and smiled.
After they finished eating, Keira seemed to be growing impatient with shopping and said, "Do you find shopping boring? Let's just go home."
Lewis's steps faltered slightly, and he coughed and loosened his tie. "It's not boring, why would it be boring?"
Keira had wanted to find an excuse to leave and didn't expect such a reply.
She coughed. "I think it's boring."
"..."
Lewis looked at her with an expression that was hard to describe. "How about we go buy a gift for the Horton family's banquet? Austin just reminded you to bring a gift."
Keira waved her hand. "That won't be necessary. The Olsen family will prepare it for me."
Lewis was speechless
He felt that getting a birthday gift was turning out to be really hard!
He trudged behind Keira, both hands carrying bags. It was a pity none of the things inside were for him.
Lewis followed Keira all the way to the underground parking lot.
Seeing that Keira was really about to leave, he decided to ask for the gift himself and to clarify things.
Lewis coughed. "Keira, actually, that Horton family's banquet is about..."
"Shh..."
Keira suddenly turned around, placing a finger on his lips.
Lewis was slightly startled.
Keira immediately pointed ahead.
Following her finger, Lewis saw a man and a woman embracing and kissing...
The man's hand had slipped into the woman's clothes...
The woman let out a shy moan, sounding as if her body had gone limp.
Keira craned her neck further, wanting to see, but Lewis covered her eyes.
Keira immediately glared at him.
Lewis chuckled softly. "That's not appropriate."
Keira rolled her eyes and continued. "Is it spring already? These two are getting frisky in a public place..."
Although this was a parking lot, there were many people coming and going.
They were in a corner, and a kiss might have been fine, but the pair was clearly doing more than that... definitely not a pretty sight.
As Keira and Lewis turned to leave, they heard the couple's conversation.
"Honey, does it feel good?"
The woman moaned softly, her voice sounding almost intoxicated. "It feels good. You're amazing."
"It can be more exciting, do you want it?"
"Sure..."
"But I'm not in the mood. I can't muster the energy."
"Fine, I know you've been eyeing that watch. I didn't have enough balance in my card just now, so I'll ask my boyfriend for money later and buy it for you..."
"Thank you, Honey!"
After the young man joyfully said this, things got more excited.
The woman's voice was obviously suppressed, but by the time Keira got into the car, she couldn't hold back anymore...
Keira pursed her lips and looked at Lewis. "Can you believe how nice she is to that man? She's actually tricking her boyfriend into spending money on him!"
Lewis smiled and said nothing.
Today, Keira had completed the cooperation with the Gill family, which meant she had managed to cooperate with all five great families of Clance. The South family should have sent her instructions for the next step by now.
But no message had come.
So she was anxious.
Otherwise, why would she criticize others like that?
Seeing Keira about to speak, Lewis suddenly moved closer to her.
Keira was startled by his movement. The next moment, he was looking at her seriously, then suddenly chucked. "Honey, can you use your fiancé's money to buy me a gift?"
Keira didn't know what to say.
The man's handsome face was close at hand, and his breath sprayed on her cheek, making her heart flutter for a moment...
His feigned innocence only fueled Keira's desire to tease him...
She couldn't help but swallow hard and coughed.
Lewis had no idea that he was unintentionally flirting with her, and he was still thinking about his birthday present, so he continued. "Honey, can you buy me a gift?"
He spoke word by word, with utmost seduction. "After all, soon it will be my birth..."
Before he could finish saying "day", he was suddenly pushed away.
Keira's face flushed as she scolded him in a soft voice, "Just drive!"
Lewis was speechless.
He tugged at the corners of his mouth and could only start the car with great force!
It seemed he was destined to miss out on birthday presents this year!
All because of that South family!
And why hadn't the Gill family signed the contract sooner?! It had distracted Keira!
Lewis complained in his head while driving Keira back to the South residence.
As soon as she entered the doorway, Keira shared the things she had bought with everyone.
There were Amy's clothes, Amy's toys, and maternity clothes for Mary,, radiation protection suits... and so on.
Everyone received gifts except for the birthday boy himself!
Lewis felt heartbroken.
Watching her, who immediately started playing with Amy and Mary, he couldn't help but take a deep breath. "Keira, I still have work to do. I'm going upstairs."
It was supposed to be a statement made in anger, but Keira dismissed him without even looking back. "Sure, go ahead!"
Lewis thus went upstairs feeling gloomy and dejected.
As a result, that afternoon, both the Horton Group and Lewis's international powers felt a stormy rage from their boss.
"If you can't even handle this small matter, what's the use of keeping you? You must work overtime tonight and give me an answer!"
After Lewis finished a meeting and hung up the conference call, he received a message from Tom. "Boss, are you in a bad mood today?"
Lewis replied coldly with a question mark.
Tom said, "You've been speaking in rhetorical questions all day, taking it out on people."
Lewis sent another question mark.
Tom said, "If you're in a bad mood, it's one thing to vent at us, but don't take it out on Miss Olsen. She's already under enough pressure."
He hoped the young couple wouldn't get into trouble over some trivial matter.
Seeing this message, Lewis paused for a moment.
Then he gradually calmed down.
Tom was right... He certainly couldn't vent his frustration on Keira!
He took a deep breath and then headed to the bathroom for a shower.
After a busy afternoon, they had a dull dinner in the evening.
Afterward, Keira turned to Mary. "Mary, there is something I want to tell you..."
The two of them retreated to a separate room.
Lewis was speechless.
He felt like he was an adopted husband!
He went upstairs in low spirits and lay in the empty bedroom, quietly staring at the ceiling.
He didn't know how much time had passed and had almost fallen asleep when the bedroom door was finally pushed open, and Keira slipped in.
Lewis rolled over.
He was still feeling slightly frustrated.
Then he heard a sneaky sound behind him, followed by Keira's voice, "Are you asleep?"
Lewis didn't answer, indicating he was very angry.
Keira asked again, but Lewis still didn't reply.
He decided he wouldn't pay attention to Keira today!
After all, in two minutes, it would be tomorrow.
While he was thinking about this, the sound behind him stopped.
Lewis was perplexed.
Couldn't she try harder?
As he wrestled with these thoughts, suddenly a faint exclamation came from behind, "Ouch!"
Lewis immediately sat upright and turned to look!
At that moment, he was completely frozen in place.
###Chapter 490
490 Chapter 489 
Yet behind him stood Keira, wearing a soft nightgown, with a small birthday cake in her hands and a smiling face. 
The moment he turned his head, it was midnight, and a new day began. 
Keira said, "Lewis, happy birthday." 
Her smile was sweet and sincere, dazzling Lewis for a moment. 
He stared at Keira in surprise, "You know?" 
"Of course." 
Keira slowly approached with the cake. "I have a very good memory. When we registered our marriage, I memorized your birthday." 
Lewis was astonished. "Then today..." 
He started, then suddenly realized something. "You did it on purpose?" 
Holding back her laughter, Keira stepped forward again, placed the cake on the coffee table, and then, as if by magic, took out a small box from her pocket and handed it to him. "This is for you." 
Lewis hesitated. 
He slowly opened the box and found it was a watch. 
It was handmade, not an electronic timepiece but an old-fashioned mechanical one, from a well-known brand, but a rather niche model. 
Lewis liked it at first glance. 
"You like it, don't you?" 
After Keira asked and saw him nod, she laughed. "I knew you would like it." 
Lewis chuckled again. 
He immediately wore the watch on his wrist. Coupled with the watch and his black silk pajama set, Keira found him quite charming. 
Lewis suddenly looked at her, "However, there's another gift that I like even more." 
"Which is?" 
As soon as Keira asked, she was engulfed by his embrace around her waist and then tumbled into his arms, feeling a ticklish sensation near her ear as his voice followed, "You..." 
Keira was surprised. 
She tried to push Lewis away but heard him ask, "When did you buy it?" 
"Today. Why else would I take you shopping? It was so boring." 
Keira had spent her entire life learning new things, and she actually didn't enjoy activities like shopping for clothes. 
Lewis laughed again. "I was with you all day today. How did I not notice?" 
Keira chuckled. "Of course, because I was facing away from you!~" 
She had her eye on this specific watch for a while and had called the store to reserve it. Today, she just went to pick it up and slipped the watch into her shopping bag while he was turned around. 
Lewis asked, "Have you been teasing me all day?" 
"Yes, seeing you wanting a gift but acting proud was so fun!" 
Keira held back her laughter. 
She thought about the times he could hardly resist telling her the truth, but she intentionally found something to interrupt him. 
Why should she care about people getting affectionate in the parking lot? Did he really think she liked to casually judge others? It was all just for a distraction! 
Lewis pinched her waist. 
Her waist had no excess fat and was smooth to the touch; one hand seemed almost enough to encircle it, making his large hand suddenly warm. 
His eyes seemed to grow darker. "Is teasing me that amusing to you?" 
Keira said, "The main point is that giving you a gift directly wouldn't have been as exciting. Isn't the contrast before and after more enjoyable for you?" 
"Hmm, it is enjoyable." 
Lewis leaned down, burying his face in her neck, his voice muffled. "This is the happiest birthday I've ever had." 
Keira nodded upon hearing this. 
Just as she was about to say something else, she heard him say, "However, I could be even happier. Keira, could you fulfill a small wish for me?" 
"What?" 
"My wish is..." 
The next moment, affectionate sounds came out of the room. 
... 
Keira thought, "I'll never dare to mess with this dog of a man again!" 
The next morning, as soon as Keira woke up and felt the lingering soreness on her body, she couldn't help but complain inwardly. 
Lewis was refreshed and invigorated as if he had been injected with some magic potion. 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth, supported her waist to get out of bed, and then asked, "You're making an appearance at the banquet tonight, right?" 
Hearing this, Lewis glanced at her and said, "Mhm, I can't delay it any longer." 
The Horton family had been in Clance for three months, and his delayed appearance as the head of the family was starting to cause speculation among the branches of the family. 
If he didn't show up soon, people might start thinking he had been ousted by Jake of the first branch of the family! 
Keira nodded, "Okay!" 
Then she said, "I'm going back to the Olsen family later and will go to the gala with them in the evening. What about you?" 
"I'll take you to the Olsen family." 
Keira didn't . 
After having breakfast together, Keira was dropped off at the Olsen family by Lewis. 
As she got out of the car, Keira waved cheekily at Lewis, making his eyes to darken once again. 
Meeting his intense gaze felt like being scorched, and she averted her eyes. 
She smiled and then stepped into the Olsen family's living room. 
Inside the living room. 
At that moment, all seven Olsen brothers had gathered there. Ellis's fever had subsided, but his body was still weak from his recent illness. 
Therefore, he sat quietly in a corner, lost in his own world. 
The other six brothers huddled together, whispering among themselves. 
"Lately, everyone in the circle has been badmouthing our little sister. What do we do about this?" 
"The main thing is, Keira's show of affection has been too outrageous. No matter where she goes, she brings along that driver, making everyone in the circle aware that she's kept a gigolo!" 
"If I were Lewis, I'd feel so humiliated by now!" 
"What do we do now? I heard that the old Mrs. Horton seems quite displeased with Keera. These rumors must be coming from the Horton family itself... they must be true..." 
"How do we convince Keira to break up with that gigolo?" 
"Is it possible that... Keera wants to call off her engagement with Lewis more than we thought? She didn't grow up in the Olsen family after all; there's no need for her to marry into another family just for our sake..." 
"You're right! I think so too!" 
James burst out, "If Keera doesn't like Lewis, then let's make it clear with him this evening and call off the marriage!" 
"Well, I think we shouldn't be hasty. We could wait and see... What if tonight, our cousin hits it off with Lewis?" 
The youngest in the family, Charles, quietly voiced this opinion. 
Amidst the discussion of everyone, Keira slowly walked in. 
James coughed. "Keera, where's your gigolo?" 
"Well, he went to get prepared." 
"Prepare for what?" 
"The banquet tonight." 
"What?!" 
James was stunned, "He's going too?" 
Wasn't this a bit too disrespectful to the Horton family?!
###Chapter 491
491 Chapter 490 
Keira saw that James was almost jumping with eagerness, so she raised her eyebrows and nodded. "What's the matter? Can't we go?" 
Of course, they couldn't go. 
James was about to say this when Ellis suddenly came over. "Keera, there's something I need to discuss with you. Come here for a moment." 
Keira nodded and followed Ellis to the side. "What's up?" 
Ellis asked, "How has Mary been recently?" 
Keira said, "She's been pretty good." 
Ellis's expression faltered for a moment. 
The child really was his. 
That was something he hadn't anticipated, and he recalled how Mary had tried to keep the child because she loved its father. 
He believed that Mary had feelings for him. 
He thought Mary would resent him because of the child and thus avoided him, but if she was doing quite well, did that mean she no longer loved him now? 
Ellis looked down and let out a bitter smile. 
Even if it was true, he had it coming. 
All of this was his own doing; he wouldn't blame anyone else. 
Ellis patted Keira's shoulder and then asked, "Will she attend the banquet tonight?" 
"She won't." 
Mary needed rest, and her belly had begun to swell; it wouldn't be suitable for her to attend such events. Moreover, Mary had cut ties with the Davis family and had signed a divorce agreement with Ellis. It would be somewhat embarrassing for her to appear in public. 
Hearing this, Ellis nodded and then said, "Then I'll stay away too. Pass on a 'happy birthday' message to Lewis for me." 
After leaving that message, he went straight out the door, heading in the direction of the South residence again. 
This time, Keira didn't stop him. 
The love and hatred between Ellis and Mary was their own business, and she shouldn't interfere too much. 
She had been angry because he didn't listen and wouldn't recognize the child, but now, knowing that all of this was a ploy by the South family, she could not hold a grudge against Ellis anymore. 
She even felt somewhat guilty. 
He must have been targeted because of her. 
As Keira was thinking this over, Uncle Olsen, his two brothers, and their wives walked out together. 
Uncle Olsen looked straight at Keira. "Are you ready? Shall we set off then?" 
Keira nodded. 
A grand procession got into the cars; the Olsen family mobilized six vehicles to transport everyone. 
Keira and Uncle Olsen rode together in one car. 
On the way, Keira glanced at the driver and was about to ask Uncle Olsen if the driver was reliable when she heard Uncle Olsen begin. "A person's driver is always their most trusted confidant because your life and your wealth are in the hands of this driver." 
Keira understood his implication and immediately said, "I suspect there is a mole in the Olsen family..." 
Keira shared her suspicions with Uncle Olsen and finally asked, "Who do you think it is among the four brothers?" 
She had already ruled out James and Charles, having had the most contact with them. 
Upon hearing this, Uncle Olsen glanced at her and then said, "Your other four brothers wouldn't do such a thing either." 
Keira hesitated. "Are they that trustworthy?" 
"Yes," Uncle Olsen replied. "The Olsens won't have internal strife. There wasn't any before and there won't be any in the future. That's why the children of the Olsen family don't want to divide the family. The seven brothers grew up together and are relatives who can trust each other with their backs." 
Keira just nodded. "Then if it's not them..." 
She furrowed her brow. 
Uncle Olsen said, "I will look into this matter. You don't need to worry too much. With so many servants at home, there are actually many people who could be suspected of wanting to see Ellis's physical examination report." 
Keira nodded, looking completely trusting. 
The two fell silent for a moment, then suddenly both seemed to think of something. Keira looked at Uncle Olsen and said, "Actually, there's another person in the Olsen family who is worthy of suspicion..." 
Uncle Olsen raised his eyebrow in inquiry, "Who is it?" 
Keira mentioned a name, and Uncle Olsen immediately let out a cold laugh. "I will send someone to investigate this right away." 
... 
Their car soon arrived at the Horton residence. 
The Horton family's main residence in Clance was very large, located within the fifth zone. It resembled a manor and seemed no less impressive than their old headquarters in Oceanion. 
When the Olsen family's motorcade arrived, the people of the Horton family immediately came out, ready to welcome them. 
At this very moment, the Horton residence was already brimming with guests. 
Lewis wasn't present, and Jake, as the younger generation of the Horton family, greeted guests at the doorway. 
His state of mind was still very poor. 
When he visited Clance, he had gone to the mental hospital to see Isla and found that the once sane person had been driven to madness. Upon seeing him, Isla rushed over begging for mercy, wanting him to take her away, even kneeling on the ground and admitting she had been wrong before and promising she would never deceive him again. 
Her condition was indeed more distressing than death itself. 
Yet, Jake couldn't muster a shred of sympathy. 
Thinking of the things she had done to Keira, and knowing that she had always been aware that she herself was the illegitimate daughter, yet she lied to him, causing him to ultimately fail Keira, making him miss out on Keira, he almost wished he could kill Isla. 
If he hadn't cared about social status in the past, if he hadn't given up pursuing Keira because of Keira's identity, would they be happily together now? 
These thoughts left Jake with a trace of melancholy in his expression. 
He truly loved Keira. Having courted her for four years in college, he loved her to the extent that four months after her death, he still couldn't stop thinking about her. 
His love was no less than that of his younger uncle's. 
Thinking that his younger uncle's fiancee would also be coming today, Jake suddenly felt a hint of discomfort. 
It had only been four months since Keira's death, and his younger uncle had already moved on to a new love. Was he really honoring Keira's love? 
With these thoughts, Jake clenched his fists tightly. 
Therefore, he didn't hold a good impression of the imminent visors from the Olsen family, and when he heard the gatekeeper announce the arrival of the Olsen family, he intentionally didn't pass the message inside. 
He knew that the status of the Olsen family meant that it wouldn't be proper for him alone to receive them. 
Parents or his younger uncle should come out to welcome them, or even old Mrs. Horton should appear to give the Olsen family the respect they deserved. 
But he didn't want to give the Olsen family that respect, so he just scoffed. 
Just then, Victoria suddenly appeared before him, and with a smile, she said, "Excuse me, are you Jake?" 
Jake paused slightly. 
Victoria said, "I am the Olsen family's adopted daughter. You must have heard of me, haven't you?" 
Jake nodded. 
Victoria continued, "I am here today to have a proper talk with you… about Keera and her gigolo boyfriend outside..." 
At those words, Jake was momentarily stunned, "Who did you say?!" 
Keira?
###Chapter 492
492 Chapter 491 
Jake was in a daze when Victoria said, "It's Keera, who is Uncle Olsen's biological daughter." 
Jake's heart stirred with excitement, and he fixed his gaze on Victoria, speaking slowly, "Keera? Shouldn't the Olsen family's biological daughter have the same surname?" 
Victoria lowered her eyes. "Yes, to be precise, she should be Keera Olsen." 
Jake's expression suddenly became even more stupefied, "How do you spell her name?" 
Victoria didn't understand why he asked this, but she still answered thoughtfully, "It's Keera with two e. After she was reunited with us, she became Keera Olsen." 
Keera Olsen… Keira Olsen… 
Jake gave a bitter smile. 
Such a clever name indeed. 
Was this the reason why Lewis would agree to marry her? 
Victoria continued. "I don't know if you are aware, but Keera was married before. However, she encountered a scumbag and is now divorced with a daughter. She was psychologically affected by the divorce, so she found a younger boyfriend. Uncle Olsen has been thinking about getting her to break up. Don't worry. Once Keera marries into the Horton family, she will break up with…" 
Victoria was earnestly setting a trap for "Keera". 
Unfortunately, she set it in the wrong place. 
Jake responded coldly, "That's fine." 
Victoria was surprised. "What?" 
"I said, it's good she has a boyfriend. She and my uncle are truly a match made in heaven!" 
Leaving behind that sardonic remark, Jake deliberately turned around. "Excuse me, I need to use the restroom." 
Then he went back inside. 
Victoria was confused. 
She furrowed her brows. 
Shouldn't Jake be angry about Keera's unchaste behavior? Why was his reaction so different from what she expected? 
But such a reaction would do as well. 
Everyone from the Horton family was in the rooms, and no one came out to greet the Olsen family, which sufficiently showed their dissatisfaction with this marriage! 
Thinking of this, Victoria slowly curled her lips, then swayed the glass of red wine in her hand slightly. 
"Keera... So what if you've taken the place of the Olsen family's precious daughter? 
"At today's banquet, the one who will be embarrassed is still you!" 
… 
"What's going on here?! Is this how the Horton family treats their guests?!" 
After the Olsen family gathered in the parking lot, they headed toward the Horton family's banquet hall. 
They had thought that if Lewis Horton weren't there, someone from the first branch or old Mrs. Horton would come out to greet them. But to their surprise, there wasn't a single person at the entrance. 
James couldn't hold back anymore and immediately blurted out a comment. 
Charles was more na?ve and said, "Maybe there are more guests today, and they haven't arrived yet. Let's walk slower to give them some time." 
James agreed. "That's true. After all, the Horton family has just established a foothold in Clance and lacks experience. It's normal for this kind of banquet to have issues. Let's walk slower and wait a bit longer." 
The group deliberated, pointing at the surrounding scenery while they walked. 
Although it seemed they were commenting on the Horton family's garden, their actual conversation was something else. 
"Have they come out yet?" 
"Has anyone from the Horton family come yet?" 
"My smile has frozen! What do I do?" 
"I can hardly suppress my anger!" 
"If they don't come out now, we'll turn around and leave!" 
"We can't go. All of us have come here, and if we leave now, that would truly break off the relationship!" 
"Then let it break off. If they don't respect us, will the Horton family treat my little sister respectfully after she marries into their family?" 
"Keera, say something. As long as you say you don't want this arranged marriage anymore, we'll leave right away. What's the deal with Lewis Horton? Wasn't he quite happy when he first made the betrothal to our family? Why is he so rude now?" 
"..." 
The group of people were chattering incessantly, and the faces of several elders began to look increasingly displeased. 
Just then, a discordant voice came from within the crowd. "Do you think the Horton family knows about our little sister's gigolo boyfriend? After all, the rumor is spreading fiercely..." 
Everyone fell silent at this statement. 
Keira looked toward the person who spoke, and it turned out to be her fifth brother, Peter. 
Keira had little contact with Peter, but through their few interactions, she knew he wasn't very talkative and tended to be gloomy. 
And he was somewhat stubborn. 
By saying this, he was implying that Keira had done something wrong. 
Just as Keira wanted to say something in her defense, James said, "Peter, what are you saying? Whose side are you taking?" 
Peter sighed. "Regarding personal feelings, I stand with our little sister, but we have to look at the facts. The incident with our little sister has blown up. If the Horton family still comes out to welcome us enthusiastically, they'll become the laughingstock of Clance..." 
James immediately responded angrily, "But if they don't come out to greet us, we'll become the laughingstock of Clance!" 
Peter became silent. 
He glanced at Keira and earnestly advised, "Little sister, you should break up with that gigolo! It's not acceptable for you to carry on like this..." 
Even though they walked slowly, they gradually got closer to the main gate. 
By now, they had arrived right in front of the main entrance, with just a few steps left to climb. 
But still, no one from the Horton family had come out to greet them... 
The Olsen family instantly became the focus of the crowd. 
The people who had arrived early wandering around the garden gathered around, pointing and murmuring. 
"The Olsen family has arrived, but why isn't anyone from the Horton family coming to meet them?" 
"It must be because of that incident! It would be funny if the Horton family did come out!" 
"Miss Olsen isn't behaving like a proper lady, openly dating a boyfriend. That's like trampling the Horton family's reputation underfoot. It's no wonder they're not out here to greet them!" 
"The Olsen family hasn't had this kind of scandal in years, right? Just recently, there was that incident with Ellis Olsen's wife and child. In the end, it was clarified to be a misunderstanding. Isn't the Olsen family known for their good upbringing? How could this be?" 
"What do you know? Keera Olsen wasn't raised in the Olsen family at all. She's the illegitimate daughter Uncle Olsen had when he was cast out, and I've heard she became arrogant and drove Victoria out of the house as soon as she came back!" 
"What? Victoria had such good manners and got chased out just like that? Isn't the Olsen family going a bit too far?" 
"For someone with Keera's upbringing, once she strikes it rich, she'll do things without considering her reputation. Indeed, it's embarrassing." 
"The Olsen family spoils their daughter too much!" 
"..." 
The series of accusations darkened the expressions of several Olsen brothers. 
In the crowd, Victoria's lips curled slightly. 
As long as the Horton family didn't come out to meet them, Keera's face would be utterly lost today! 
As she was thinking, she suddenly saw a car stop at the back courtyard. 
Someone who could park there must be a Horton family member. 
The Horton family members were all in the hall receiving guests, so the person arriving now must be... Lewis Horton?! 
Victoria's eyes instantly lit up!
###Chapter 493
493 Chapter 492 
Victoria immediately moved toward that car. 
She caught a glimpse of someone opening the door, and the first thing to come out was a pair of leather shoes. 
Next came black trousers, straight legs, and then... 
Victoria deliberately walked unsteadily, pretending to be drunk, and when the person finally got out of the car, she threw herself at him. 
"Ouch..." 
Victoria let out a soft cry, then collapsed onto the man and rubbed herself against him. "Mr. Horton, I'm sorry, I just sprained my ankle." 
After saying this, she lowered her head, feigning shyness. 
She had expected that the person would be a refined and gentle man, but instead, she heard an elderly voice saying, "Young lady, are you alright?" 
Victoria stiffened and turned around abruptly to see an old man holding her; she straightened up immediately in fright. "Who are you?!" 
The driver also got out of the car, and upon hearing this, he immediately scolded. "This is Mr. Horton. Behave yourself!" 
Mr. Horton... 
He looked to be in his sixties, so could he be Lewis Horton's father, Nathan Horton? 
Victoria's complexion turned pale instantly, and she immediately stood up straight. "Mr. Horton, I'm sorry. I was just..." 
She glanced at the ground, pointing to the pebbles beneath her feet. "It was an accident." 
Nathan coughed and looked down at his hand. 
The woman who had just fallen into his arms had also rubbed against him, letting him grasp the smooth sensation he had longed for, and in that moment, he felt as though he had grown younger! 
He looked at the young woman with a smile. "Which family are you from?" 
Victoria laughed with her head down. "I'm a foster daughter of the Olsen family." 
After saying that, she heaved a sigh. "Now I live on my own." 
Nathan asked, "Why do you live on your own?" 
Victoria was almost on the verge of tears. "Uncle Olsen found his biological daughter, and I just didn't fit in anymore, so I moved out... But it's okay. I'm living quite well." 
Nathan frowned. "Living quite well, yet you're about to cry? Is it because the Olsen family's biological daughter is too overbearing, not allowing you to stay at home?" 
Victoria immediately waved her hands. "No, no. It's not like that. She's quite good to me..." 
"Hmph!" Nathan was already dissatisfied with Lewis. 
After arriving in Clance, Lewis spent all his time away from home, reportedly chasing after his fiancée. 
Back in Oceanion, Lewis acted as if he was dying over the passing of his late wife, and Nathan had thought Lewis was truly lovestruck. 
At that time, Nathan felt a bit happy, thinking that if Lewis fell apart because of his wife's death, then the Horton family might revert to the control of the first branch! 
But to his surprise, upon arriving in Clance, the young man actually learned to curry favor with those in power! 
In order to secure his position as the head of the Horton family, Lewis even began to play the game of arranged marriages. 
Without Nathan's knowledge, an engagement was set up with the Olsen family, solidifying Lewis's position in both the Horton family and in Clance! 
And for this marriage, Lewis would lower himself to stay by his fiancée's side... 
It was as if all that previous aloofness was fake. 
Nathan felt that in the end, Lewis was just like him, a man who would give up a woman for the sake of family business! He thought, "Let's see what right he has to laugh at me in the future!" 
Nathan snorted coldly and, therefore, had no good feelings for Lewis's fiancée, whom he had not yet met. He said bluntly, "Such a daughter-in-law is simply a disgrace to our family. If I had known earlier that the Olsen family had someone like you and that Lewis was going to get engaged to that woman, I would have never agreed to it!" 
Victoria lowered her head. "I used to fancy Mr. Horton too... My brother had planned to engage him with me, but unfortunately, someone beat us to it... After my sister came home, she must have heard the news, so that's probably why she can't stand me... 
The more she spoke, the angrier Nathan became! 
He looked at the driver next to him, asking, "Have the Olsens arrived yet? I want to see Uncle Olsen and ask him how he raised such a good daughter who has the gall to keep a gigolo! It's like she doesn't take the Horton family seriously at all!" 
The driver immediately steadied the old gentleman and entered the living room through a side door. "I'll go check. They should be here soon. The banquet is about to start, and the Olsen family is one of the most important guests. They won't be late." 
Victoria also stepped forward to hold Nathan's other arm. "Sir, let me walk with you." 
Nathan nodded with a smile, "Alright." 
As the two entered the living room, they saw that the hall was already bustling with people. 
Because of her Alzheimer's disease, Old Mrs. Horton rested upstairs and wasn't meeting guests in the hall. 
Nathan looked around, asking, "Where are the Olsens? Haven't they arrived yet?" 
Jake was entertaining other guests with Oliver. Upon hearing this, Oliver looked toward the door, "Not yet? Jake, go check if they have arrived!" 
Jake said, "They should be here, probably at the entrance. Let's have the butler welcome them." 
As soon as he said this, Oliver's gaze flickered. 
With Lewis hitching himself to the major support like the Olsen family, the first branch had even less hope. 
Now that Lewis hadn't appeared, if they slighted the Olsen family a little, could they upset this marriage? 
Thinking of this, Oliver immediately said with a smile, "Right, Dad, you must be tired from your arrival, so take a seat first. I'll have the butler welcome them!" 
... 
Outside the hall. 
As time ticked away, the Olsons grew increasingly angry. 
James suddenly turned around. "Let's go! If they don't welcome us, what are we doing here?!" 
Charles also spoke with indignation. "Exactly, this is too much on their part. They don't see us as in-laws at all!" 
The surrounding guests were pointing and whispering, but they spoke quietly, not daring to let the Olsens hear them. 
But the Olsens could still guess what they were talking about. 
After a while, the butler came out. "Ah, ladies and gentlemen, I'm so sorry. My master is busy entertaining other guests inside, so he sent me to welcome you in! Sorry for the neglect!" 
At this statement, everyone paused. 
The anger on the Olsens' faces was almost too much to contain. 
What did this statement mean? 
Could there be guests more important than the Olsen family? 
Clearly not! This was definitely the Horton family showing their disdain for the Olsen family! 
"Let's go!!"
###Chapter 494
494 Chapter 493 
James turned around furiously, grabbed the person beside him, and was ready to leave. 
Charles's face was also filled with anger. 
The rest of the Olsen family furrowed their brows and stood in front of Keira. Then, they said to her, "Keera, don't worry. If the Horton family is treating us like this, it seems they no longer want to continue with this marriage! The Olsen ladies aren't that desperate to get married! Let's go! We're leaving now!" 
Uncle Olsen's eldest brother and sister-in-law also said, "That's right, the Olsen family isn't that desperate to marry off our girls! Keera, let's leave!" 
Charles nodded, too. "Sis, don't be afraid. Without Lewis, I will find you someone even better!" 
The rest of them nodded as well. 
Even Peter said, "Exactly. If they aren't satisfied with our younger sister, they should just say so. There's no need to insult us in this manner!" 
"I can't swallow this insult! Let's go. The Horton family dares to treat the Olsen family like this, and it's just too much!" 
As the Olsens were filled with anger, the butler said with a smile, "I'm terribly sorry. Our family really has some pressing matters, and many guests have already arrived. We are in the middle of speaking with them; we can't just leave them to greet you, right? After all, we're all family here; there's no need to be so particular." 
After saying this, he even looked at the only girl in the crowd. "This must be Miss Olsen, right? Our hostess has said that once Miss Olsen is married into the Horton family, she will become the head hostess. Like at today's event, she would also need to help in receiving guests. If you can, why not help us by greeting some female guests at the entrance?" 
His words became more and more outrageous! 
The faces of the Olsen family members turned livid. 
Uncle Olsen's second brother burst out angrily. "Does Keera have to endure such humiliation even before she's married? Will she be treated even worse once she's part of the Horton family and used like a servant? Let me tell you. The Olsens treat our daughters like princesses, and they're cherished like treasures! They're not someone the Horton family can casually mistreat!" 
After saying this, he looked at Uncle Olsen. "Sam, it's your call. Just say the word, and the Olsen family will go all out; we cannot tolerate this!" 
Keira had been silent, observing her brothers' reactions. 
All five of her older brothers had faces filled with righteous indignation, seeming to be sharing the same emotions. It didn't look like the person who had been causing trouble behind the scenes was among them. 
As for her only younger brother, Charles... He was the angriest of them all! 
It was even less likely that he was the one who leaked Ellis's information to Austin... 
While Keira was thinking, Uncle Olsen looked at her. "Keera, what do you think?" 
In front of the others, Uncle Olsen still called her Keera to keep the truth hidden. 
Keira touched her chin, looked at the butler, and let out a laugh. "It seems this new watchdog of the Horton family doesn't recognize its masters. It's not worth our time to stoop to his level." 
At these words, Uncle Olsen immediately chuckled. 
The middle-aged man laughed in such a manner, exuding a unique charm. 
Uncle Olsen and Keira both knew that the first branch of the Horton family hadn't given up on taking over the reins of the family. Lewis was probably busy; this was just the first branch causing mischief in his absence. 
If the Olsen family really just left like this and called off the engagement with Lewis, they would fall right into the first branch's trap. 
Uncle Olsen certainly wasn't going to fuss over these things. 
It was Lewis he was interested in, not these irrelevant, disorderly people of the Horton family. 
Upon Keira's response, the new butler was slightly taken aback and then became irritated. "Miss Olsen, how can you insult people like that? Is this the quality of the Olsen family?" 
Keira replied indifferently, "My standards are only for people, not for dogs." 
"You...!" 
"Alright, let's go in; don't stay outside," 
Keira took the lead, stepping into the lobby. 
The rest of the Olsen family members looked at each other and hurriedly followed her. 
Although they didn't understand why their young sister would let things slide, they couldn't possibly allow her to enter the Horton family alone, as it would be too embarrassing! 
James took quick steps to get to the front. 
Charles hastily stayed by Keira's side... 
Uncle Olsen's brothers and their wives looked at him. Seeing that their younger brother's expression was, as usual, showing no signs of anger, they couldn't help but ask, "Sam, are you just going to swallow this insult?" 
Uncle Olsen smiled, "Once you're inside, you'll understand." 
Not knowing what he meant, they still followed Uncle Olsen into the house. 
The onlookers around them looked at each other and then chuckled. 
"I had thought the Olsen family would leave, but who would've thought, even after the Hortons snubbed them, they still went in. They must be terrified of not being able to marry her off!" 
"Exactly, with a catch like Mr. Horton, the Olsen's daughter who has been married off before would definitely not let go..." 
"If they don't let go, they should at least take care of the gigolo... To keep a gigolo on the side and still have the nerve to come to the Horton house so brazenly... It really makes you wonder how thick-skinned the Olsens can be..." 
"Exactly, the Hortons have already expressed their displeasure; they were just giving her a way out. If I were Uncle Olsen, I would've called off the engagement right away. It would be the respectful thing to do for both families." 
"..." 
Amidst the whispering crowd, Keira walked into Horton's grand lobby, surrounded by her family members. 
The Hortons weren't busy at all; instead, they were sitting on the sofa leisurely chatting. They obviously weren't busy, so the butler's earlier statement was clearly a lie! 
They couldn't even be bothered to keep up appearances! 
Angered once more, James said, "Keera, I'm going to confront them about this!" 
"Don't bother." 
Keira's gaze dropped lightly. "It's not necessary." 
Today was Lewis's birthday banquet, and there was no need to make a scene here. Once Lewis made his appearance... everything would become apparent. 
Being pointed at and whispered about meant nothing to her at the moment. 
Just then, a stir went through the crowd as an old person supported by others slowly descended the stairs. 
"Who is that?" 
James asked. 
Someone standing nearby immediately said, "Isn't that old Mrs. Horton? It's said that Mr. Lewis Horton has great respect for his grandmother. Did she come down, especially because she heard the Olsens had arrived?" 
"I told you the Hortons couldn't be this rude. After all, the Olsens are the head of the five major families, and since the Hortons have just arrived in Clance, they wouldn't dare to provoke the Olsens." 
As everyone spoke, Old Mrs. Horton had already reached the bottom of the stairs, and then the butler said, "Ma'am, the Olsens are here. Over there..." 
Upon hearing this, Old Mrs. Horton thought of Lewis's fiancée and instinctively turned toward where the Olsen family stood...
###Chapter 495
495 Chapter 494 
Old Mrs. Horton subconsciously looked toward the direction where the Olsen family members were. 
But the Olsens were all tall and robust, and Keira, standing among them, was completely obscured. Old Mrs. Horton could only vaguely see a woman in an evening gown but couldn't make out her features. 
She just humphed and didn't go over to greet them. Instead, she let the servants help her sit down on the sofa. 
As soon as she sat down, she heard someone nearby discussing something. 
"The Hortons really look down on the Olsens! It's one thing not to entertain them, but the Olsens have been here for so long, and Mr. Lewis Horton hasn't even come downstairs." 
"Old Mrs. Horton only glanced once, then didn't look again..." 
Upon hearing this, old Mrs. Horton furrowed her brow and immediately turned to Oliver. "What's going on? Lewis was delayed because of unexpected business at the office, wasn't he? Didn't he instruct you to entertain the Olsen family properly? How come you didn't go to greet them at the entrance?" 
Although old Mrs. Horton didn't like the Olsen family's daughter, the bare minimum courtesies had to be maintained! 
Having heard this, Oliver touched his nose. "Grandma, it wasn't like that. We were just busy." 
"Busy with what? Are you so busy that you forgot to entertain the Olsens? I think you're just making excuses, wanting to ruin the marriage alliance between Lewis and the Olsen families!" 
After scolding him, she turned to Jake. "What about you, Jake? Did you also fail to entertain the Olsens?" 
Jake lowered his head and stayed silent. 
Since Keira's death, Jake seemed to have grown up overnight, gaining the ability to discern right from wrong. When someone from the first branch of the Horton family did something too outrageous, he would also intervene. 
Because of this, both old Mrs. Horton and Lewis became more tolerant of him. 
Seeing Jake silent and reluctant, old Mrs. Horton couldn't help but frown and shout, "Jake? Go greet the Olsens and apologize to them!" 
But Jake looked at her. "Grandma, you clearly liked Keira as well. She has only been dead for four months. How could you do the same as my Uncle Lewis?!" 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately let out a sigh. "Jake, I know you can't forget your aunt, but your Lewis is still young. He can't just give up on life like this!" 
Jake turned his head away. "I don't care. I won't go." 
Not wanting to push him further, Old Mrs. Horton turned to Nathan. "Then you go!" 
Nathan said, "Mom, you don't understand. The Olsen family spoiled Miss Olsen. I was just teaching her a lesson, letting her know the Hortons are not like the Olsens!" 
Old Mrs. Horton was taken aback. 
Nathan then pushed Victoria forward. "This is the foster daughter of the Olsen family. Listen to what she has to say!" 
Old Mrs. Horton then looked at Victoria, frowning. 
Victoria coughed before speaking. "Mrs. Horton, the truth is, my sister, has been raised outside and grew up with a spoiled temperament. She's been divorced and has a child, so sometimes she acts rashly. Please don't take it to heart!" 
After she finished, Victoria sighed again. "Actually, she's quite nice. It's just that sometimes she's fierce and likes to resort to hitting people... We had a minor verbal conflict, and she tends to be quite hands-on... " 
Nathan scoffed. "Mom, you hear that? Who nowadays reacts by hitting people? I think she has just been too accustomed to living in poverty. She's vulgar and unrefined. How could someone like that become the head of the Horton family? Miss Victoria, continue. What other faults does she have?" 
Victoria sighed again. "Her previous husband deeply hurt her, so now she likes the obedient types. The best would be fresh college graduates..." 
"Haha, Lewis is certainly not that! With her strong personality, when the two of them get together, won't they just fight?! Harmony is most important between husband and wife, and two thorns together will make this household restless forever! Mom, let me tell you, she's not the right one. Since the Olsen family is all here, I'll just go and call off their engagement! It's not like the Olsen family has only one daughter. If they must have a marriage alliance, there is still Victoria, right? If Lewis disagrees, having Jake marry her would do just as well!" 
Nathan was fanning the flames again. 
The more old Mrs. Horton listened, the more frustrated she became. 
Lewis was said to be utterly submissive to this fiancée, but who would have thought that this fiancée had such a bad reputation? 
She furrowed her brows, somewhat displeased. 
Someone else chimed in. "I heard she is not abiding by women's virtue and has a boyfriend." 
"Exactly... I heard that not long ago, because of her, the Gill family almost fell out with the Olsen family. The Olsen family had just acknowledged this daughter, and already such a big scandal has occurred, which shows that Miss Olsen is really a jinx!" 
A cluster of gossip was babbling incessantly, speaking ill of the Olsen family's daughter. 
Old Mrs. Horton felt it was outrageous and suddenly stood up. 
She glanced around at everyone and let out a mocking laughter. "Looks can be deceiving, and rumors are not to be trusted! Nathan, Oliver, even if the Horton family really intends to break off the engagement with the Olsen family, we must not neglect our guests. That's basic manners! Where is your hospitality?!" 
Old Mrs. Horton was furious. 
The first branch was so selfish that it was unsettling! 
Just to split up Lewis and the Olsen family, they actually did something so disgraceful; it was unacceptable! 
Old Mrs. Horton said, "Fine, I'm old, and it's like I'm invisible to you all, isn't it? Then I will go and apologize myself. You can just sit here!" 
She stood up straight and, with the help of her maid Fiona, walked over to the Olsen family. 
On the way, Fiona asked, "Ma'am, that Miss Olsen was spoken of so poorly. There might really be some problems. Are you really going to apologize?" 
Old Mrs. Horton said, "The apology is for the lack of hospitality; as for this marriage, when did I ever agree to it? I've said before I only have one granddaughter-in-law! The marriage alliance between the Horton family and the Olsen family needs further consideration!" 
Even though old Mrs. Horton wasn't loud, she let everyone hear her clearly. 
Curious glances began to sway in her direction. 
Some eyes gleamed with the excitement of watching a commotion unfold. 
Victoria curled her lips. 
"Let there be a commotion. It's better if things get stirred up." 
It was said that Mr. Lewis Horton respected his grandmother the most. As long as old Mrs. Horton walked over and made a few inflammatory remarks, there would definitely be an argument, and Lewis would undoubtedly break off the engagement with Keira!! 
The guests watched as old Mrs. Horton approached the Olsen family. "Which one of you is Miss Keera Olsen?" 
As soon as these words were spoken, several people stepped aside. 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately spotted "Keera".
###Chapter 496
496 Chapter 495 
Old Mrs. Horton froze in place the moment she saw "Keera", and she came to a sudden halt. 
She stared at "Keera" in shock, then rubbed her eyes and looked at the girl again. She must be seeing things. Otherwise, how could she have seen her granddaughter-in-law?! 
Time seemed to stop at that moment. Old Mrs. Horton suddenly jolted, her hands trembling as she pointed at "Keera". Tears welled up in her eyes, and her lips quivered. She was unable to speak a word. 
Even Fiona, who was by Old Mrs. Horton's side, was stunned, staring at Keira. 
Their reactions were so extreme that the surrounding audience noticed something was wrong and looked toward them, whispering among themselves. 
"What's wrong with old Mrs. Horton?" 
"What could it be? She must be furious. After all, the rumor that Miss Olsen has kept a gigolo has been spreading like wildfire!" 
"Indeed, Miss Olsen is in the wrong. She's caused quite an ugly scene, giving the Horton family a bad name!" 
"Miss Olsen is just relying on her power and influence. Even if the Horton family is aware, they wouldn't dare do anything to her…" 
"That's right. The Olsen family is, after all, one of the five major families. Besides, look, Miss Olsen has been here for quite a while and hasn't greeted the elders yet…" 
"The Horton family's anger is understandable. Being cuckolded like that…" 
"From the moment she entered, she hasn't glanced once in the direction of the Horton family. I really don't understand. Does she want to keep this engagement or not? The Horton family has been so disrespectful, yet they still entered. This shows that the Olsen family still intends to go through with the marriage. Since they're here, why not take the initiative to lower their stance a bit?" 
"Look how angry old Mrs. Horton is. Her lips are trembling. It's been said that old Mrs. Horton's health isn't perfect; I hope she doesn't get ill from the anger…" 
"..." 
While the crowd was quietly discussing, Uncle Olsen stepped forward and greeted old Mrs. Horton, "Hello, Auntie." 
According to seniority, Uncle Olsen was considered a junior to old Mrs. Horton. 
Old Mrs. Horton seemed not to hear him and continued to stare fixedly at "Keera", her eyes gradually reddening and filling with tears. 
Uncle Olsen wore a hint of satisfaction on his face as he saw this scene. 
Seeing old Mrs. Horton's emotional reaction, she must be pleased with his daughter. 
After all, when they were in Oceanion, both Lewis and old Mrs. Horton had been very protective of his daughter... 
Just now, at the entrance, he was somewhat displeased by the first branch of the family's deliberate negligence. He felt that Lewis couldn't even manage this small family matter and was going to let his daughter marry into an environment where she'd be mistreated... 
But now, he felt soft-hearted again. 
Having such an elder in the family was actually a good thing. 
The one thing his daughter had always lacked was familial love... 
His brother couldn't help but speak up in a low voice, "Sam, isn't old Mrs. Horton being a little too much? You took the initiative to talk to her, and she ignored you…" 
James also frowned. "Exactly. Mrs. Olsen, why don't you speak? My uncle is greeting you! The Horton family is so rude…" 
Uncle Olsen immediately looked at James. "Don't be impolite! Is this how the Olsen family taught you to treat your elders?" 
James immediately grimaced, quite dissatisfied. 
He felt aggrieved for them! 
Peter also frowned and bluntly said, "Uncle, haven't you realized? From the beginning, the Horton family never intended to treat this marriage seriously. After all, my sister was at fault first. I think it would be best to call off this engagement!" 
No sooner had these words been said than Victoria came over, standing beside Old Mrs. Horton, and said, "Peter is right, Uncle. Since everyone is unhappy, why not peacefully dissolve the engagement? I don't think the Horton family will pursue any blame, right? Mrs. Horton?" 
Victoria looked at old Mrs. Horton with a smile. 
Fiona had come to her senses and nudged old Mrs. Horton's arm. Old Mrs. Horton finally snapped out of it and said sternly, "No way!" 
Victoria and the people from the Olsen family were slightly taken aback. 
Then Victoria added, "Mrs. Horton, do you want the Olsen family to apologize? That would be going a bit too far... My sister is indeed thoughtless, and she certainly made a fool of herself. I'll apologize on her behalf. The Horton and Olsen families have long agreed on this marriage; let's not make it too unpleasant. Moreover, the betrothal gift has already been given; to ask for it back now would be a loss of dignity…" 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately replied, "Who said anything about calling off the engagement? The Horton family will not cancel it!" 
Victoria's eyes immediately lit up. "Right, right. After all, the two families have long agreed on the marriage. It's impossible to call it off. Since that's the case... it's not like the Olsen family doesn't have other suitable daughters…" 
Someone nearby immediately chimed in, "Exactly, Miss Victoria is also an unmarried daughter of the Olsen family. The marriage agreement could be transferred to her, and the union between the Horton and Olsen families could continue…" 
Victoria immediately responded with feigned shyness. "How could you say such a thing?" 
Then she turned to Uncle Olsen. "Uncle, the Olsen family has raised me; if needed, I wouldn't refuse…" 
Uncle Olsen didn't know what to say. 
Before he could speak, old Mrs. Horton suddenly pushed through the crowd and rushed to Keira's side.
###Chapter 497
497 Chapter 496 
Old Mrs. Horton's actions stunned everyone. 
The next moment, James wanted to step in front of Keira. "Mrs. Horton, we should keep this to words. Please don't resort to violence!" 
While speaking, he also made a gesture as if ready to block an attack. 
If old Mrs. Horton dared to make a move, his sister definitely wouldn't fight back, so he would rush forward to block the attack for her! 
Not only did James misunderstand old Mrs. Horton's actions, but so did everyone around them. They all looked toward old Mrs. Horton, about to comfort her, but then they saw... 
Old Mrs. Horton grabbed Keira's hand earnestly. "Are you Miss Keera from the Olsen family?" 
This scene left the onlookers baffled. 
James's outstretched hand didn't know where to go! 
Keira looked at old Mrs. Horton. 
Memories of the time they lived together as a family flashed through her mind—the eggs old Mrs. Horton cooked for her, the gentle massages on her bruised face… 
She knew old Mrs. Horton had recognized her. 
After all, old Mrs. Horton had been through so much. Even now that she was ill, she immediately understood this wasn't the time to reveal Keira's identity, and so she asked this way… 
Keira felt a sting in her eyes and nose… 
Tears were welling up in her eyes, and she nodded, "Yes, Grandma, my name is Keera Olsen." 
Old Mrs. Horton was taken aback. "Keera Olsen?" 
"Right," Keira nodded. "Keera with two e." 
Old Mrs. Horton's eyes became redder. Nodding, she said, "What a good name. It has a nice ring to it. It's exactly the name I'm looking for in a granddaughter-in-law! Sweetheart, why haven't you come to see me after getting engaged to Lewis?" 
Keira immediately answered, "I've been a bit busy lately, Grandma. I'm sorry." 
"What's there to sorry about? Just come over more often in the future." 
Old Mrs. Horton held Keira's hand. "Sweetheart, I liked you as soon as I saw you! Fiona, quick, bring out our family heirloom bracelet and put it on my granddaughter-in-law! Keera, come, let's sit over there. Keep me company and chat with me…" 
Keira immediately nodded. 
She held old Mrs. Horton's arm and could feel that the old lady was still trembling. 
She suddenly felt a bit guilty. 
The Horton family had moved to Clance for quite some time now, and even though she knew old Mrs. Horton's health was poor, and it made her sad, she never visited the old lady. It wasn't the nicest thing to do! 
Thinking of this, Keira escorted old Mrs. Horton aside. 
But James was puzzled. "Hold on, Mrs. Horton, you... you're very pleased with my sister?" 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately replied with a smile, "Yes, very much so! I'm super satisfied. This young lady is so beautiful. It's like she was made for my family. She has to marry Lewis!" 
James was confused. 
So was everyone around them. 
Even Victoria couldn't help but interject, "But Mrs. Horton, she has a boyfriend on the side!" 
As soon as this statement was made, the Olsen brothers immediately glared at her. 
What was wrong with her? 
At such a time, how could she say something like that?! 
Upon hearing this, old Mrs. Horton thought of how her grandson was rarely home lately, claiming to be driving his fiancée, and suddenly understood what was going on. 
She realized the gigolo that her granddaughter-in-law was rumored to be keeping outside was her own grandson! 
Old Mrs. Horton immediately glared at Victoria. "So what if she has? As long as my granddaughter-in-law is willing to marry my grandson, even if she keeps ten men on the side, I won't mind!" 
The crowd was dumbfounded. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Even James was dumbfounded. Watching the two women walk to the side, he felt this world had become a realm of fantasy. 
He couldn't resist turning to Charles. "Did our little sister feed Old Mrs. Horton some kind of bewitching potion? How could she say something like that?" 
Charles replied, "I think old Mrs. Horton might have mistaken her for someone else." 
Victoria promptly said, "Exactly, I've heard old Mrs. Horton has Alzheimer's disease; she must be confused!" 
Upon this revelation, the people nearby paused and then quickly realized something. 
"So that's what it is! But at least it's dissolved the strife between the two families and broke the deadlock of today's situation!" 
"Right, let's get started. But why hasn't Mr. Lewis Horton arrived yet?" 
"Isn't that mysterious?" 
"..." 
As the crowd chatted, Victoria glared ferociously at "Keera" and Old Mrs. Horton, who were sitting on a couch in the corner. 
Whatever they were discussing, old Mrs. Horton was soon wiping away tears. 
Keira immediately pulled out a handkerchief to dab her eyes, and the two looked very harmonious together! 
But how could this be?! Victoria took a deep breath. 
Just then, she caught sight of a figure entering through a back door nearby… 
The man wore a suit and looked extremely handsome and dashing. Wasn't that the gigolo driver that "Keera" kept? 
Victoria sneered and promptly walked over! 
"What are you doing here?!" 
Victoria blocked Lewis's path, berating loudly. "Do you know this is the Horton residence? Are you here looking for Keera? Did Keera ask you to come?" 
After that, someone nearby asked, "Miss Victoria, who is this person?" 
"He's the gigolo that Keera is keeping on the side! I can't believe Keera actually brought him to the banquet. You better leave right now. Your presence here is a disgrace to the Hortons!"
###Chapter 498
498 Chapter 497 
Keira was currently chatting with old Mrs. Horton. 
The elderly lady's eyes were red, and she clutched Keira's hand tightly as if afraid the latter might disappear. "My granddaughter-in-law, it's just so wonderful to see you again!" 
Keira lowered her eyes, smiled, and said emotionally, "Grandma, it's my fault. I should have come to see you sooner." 
"You must have had your reasons for not coming! Now that you have taken on a different identity... and I've heard there's a child? Granddaughter-in-law, what's all this about?" 
After saying this, she suddenly added, "It's fine if you can't tell me now." 
Keira was touched and briefly explained, "It was my sister Keera who drowned at sea, and I don't know how it happened, but when I woke up, I had become her. As for why I live using my sister's identity, it's a complicated story..." 
"Then let's not talk about it!" Old Mrs. Horton had tears in her eyes, and she smiled at Keira. "It's good that you've come home! What about your identity as the Olsen's daughter..." 
"It's true. Uncle Olsen is my father." 
Old Mrs. Horton paused for a moment. "What about your mother?" 
Upon hearing this, Keira looked slightly dejected, "My mom has disappeared." 
Old Mrs. Horton frowned. "How could she just disappear?" 
Keira said, "The South family took her away, and now I'm trying to find out where exactly the South family is, but I've been unable to find them... I must rescue my mother!" 
"The South family?" old Mrs. Horton echoed. 
Keira immediately looked at her. "Grandma, do you know the South family?" 
Old Mrs. Horton furrowed her brow. "I remember now, your mother's name is Jodie South... So she's from THE South family!" 
Keira gripped her hand excitedly. "Do you really know the South family?!" 
Old Mrs. Horton nodded. "It's normal for you not to know about the South family; it's an ancient clan known to my generation." 
Keira was excited. "Then Grandma, can you tell me everything you know?" 
"Of course." 
Old Mrs. Horton looked around. "There are too many people here gossiping, so let's talk after the banquet is over." 
"Okay." 
Keira then asked, "How have you been feeling lately?" 
"I've remembered many things. Your medicine really works, but it's a pity I'm old, and even though my mind is clearer, I won't live many more years. After I'm gone, that brat will need you by his side." 
"Grandma, don't say that. You're going to live a long life. I'm still hoping you'll see your great-grandchildren!" 
Keira hastily offered some comfort. Then she noticed an argument not far away. 
She paused briefly, not understanding what had happened, then stood up and said, "Grandma, there seems to be some trouble over at the Olsen family side. I'll take a look. Fiona, please take good care of Grandma." 
Fiona immediately nodded. "Yes, madam, go ahead!" 
Fiona's eyes, too, were filled with tears. 
Keira squeezed her hand and then walked toward the site of the dispute. 
Halfway there, she was stopped by James. "Keera, come quickly, take a look at Peter's girlfriend!" 
James and Peter were close in age, so they didn't address each other as brothers but was always using each other's first name. 
Keira glanced farther away before joining the Olsens. 
Peter was introducing his girlfriend to the family with a satisfied smile on his face. 
James made a face. "I don't know where he found this girl, and he's treating her like a treasure. He only brought her here today for everyone to meet. In her conversations, she's been hinting that you should be mindful of our image and not offend the Horton family too severely, as it wouldn't be good for our family! She's not even married into the family yet, but she's already ordering people around! If she gets married to Peter, she's definitely going to be troublesome." 
Listening to James's complaints, Keira couldn't help but smile. 
The Olsen brothers were actually quite decent people, and Peter, despite being a bit rigid and dogmatic, was also pretty good to her. 
She still remembered that Peter gave her a precious jade bracelet at her acknowledgement banquet. 
However, he was always trying to teach her stuff, urging her to break up with the "gigolo" as soon as possible so as not to upset Lewis Horton. 
It could be considered sound advice with no ill intent. 
As they walked over, Peter saw them and quickly introduced them to his girlfriend. "Susan, look, this is the sister I told you about. She's Keera!" 
Then, to "Keera", he said, "Little sister, this is my girlfriend, Susan Simpson." 
With those words, the girl turned her head. 
The moment Keira saw Susan's face, she paused slightly. 
Well well... 
It turned out to be an old acquaintance! 
Wasn't she the woman who was publicly getting intimate with another man in the parking lot of the shopping mall the day before? 
Keira's expression immediately changed. 
She remembered the conversation between this woman and the young man in the parking lot. 
Something about the woman saying, "I need money from my boyfriend to pay your bills..." 
So, that wretched boyfriend... was actually Peter?! 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Speechlessly, she twitched the corner of her mouth, and when Susan reached out her hand enthusiastically, Keira looked down at that hand without moving. 
Susan paused and looked at Peter, baffled. "Peter, does your sister... not like me?" 
Peter then looked towards Keira. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She touched her nose and coughed, "No, it's just that I'm a bit of a germaphobe." 
She just thought about how this woman's hand had gone into a man's pants the day before, and she felt a bit sick, unable to get over it psychologically... 
If it had been a normal boyfriend and girlfriend, it wouldn't have been so bad, but this woman was, after all, cheating on Peter. 
Upon hearing this, Susan became displeased. 
Before she could say anything, Keira looked at her with a mocking smile, "Miss Simpson, were you at S Shopping Mall yesterday?" 
Upon hearing this, Susan seemed slightly startled. 
Peter, however, didn't react. "Yes, she went to buy a purse yesterday... Keera, how do you know?" 
Keira looked at him with a taunting smile. "I just happened to be buying a birthday gift for Lewis yesterday and ran into a woman who looked very much like Miss Simpson." 
Susan immediately tensed up, and with an embarrassed smile, she said, "Miss Olsen must be mistaken." 
"Is that so?" 
Peter, however, said, "Maybe not. Keera, what was the person you saw wearing yesterday?" 
Keira said with a smile, "She was wearing a yellow dress, right?" 
"Yes!" Peter's eyes lit up. "I drove her there, but I had to leave because I was busy with work. Where did you see Susan?" 
At that, Keira laughed. "The parking lot."
###Chapter 499
499 Chapter 498 
"The parking lot?" 
Peter was slightly startled. 
Susan quickly said, "She must be mistaken! I didn't drive a car yesterday; how could I possibly go to the parking lot?" 
Keira said lightly, "Then it must have been someone else, right? After all, the woman I saw in the parking lot was getting cozy with another man." 
Upon hearing this, Peter stiffened, and he immediately looked at Susan. 
Susan hurriedly waved her hands. "Peter, that person she's talking about can't be me! I never went to the parking lot!" 
"Is that so?" Keira smiled. "I also heard her mention she was going to give her boyfriend a watch. By the way, did you buy a watch?" 
Susan's face turned even paler. 
She had used Peter's card yesterday, so he would definitely know what she bought... 
As expected, Peter's face was already turning dark. 
Immediately, Susan glared resentfully at Keira, then let out a sigh. "Peter, I did buy a men's watch, but it was a gift for you! Have you forgotten what tomorrow is?" 
Peter paused, "Our first anniversary?" 
"Yes, that's why I bought you a gift..." 
Susan glanced at Keira. "But now, thanks to Keera's misunderstanding, I have to tell you in advance to prove my innocence... Ah, there goes the surprise!" 
Peter immediately looked at Keira. "Keera, you must have been mistaken! Susan is a good girl with a strict upbringing, and she wouldn't just fool around with other men." 
Susan lowered her eyes. "Miss Olsen, now that you mention it, I remember I did see you at the mall yesterday. You were with a man in sportswear, right? Were you really shopping for a gift for Mr. Horton? How come it seemed like you were buying something for that boy?" 
At these words, the faces of the other members of the Olsen family suddenly changed, and each of them coughed. 
Susan continued. "Miss Olsen, I've heard from Peter that even after you got engaged to Mr. Horton, you kept a little boyfriend on the side. My family's discipline is rigorous; my parents are university lecturers, and I even have a curfew. I have to be home before ten o'clock every night... Why did you have to slander me like that?" 
She looked plaintively at Peter. "Miss Olsen has the backing of the Olsen family, so she doesn't appreciate what she has, even with a fiancé like Mr. Horton. I'm not like that... Peter, you are the best man I've ever met. How could I possibly be interested in someone else?" 
She had Peter floating on cloud nine with her praise, and with the trust he had in her over the past year, he immediately chose to believe her. He said, "Susan, don't be upset. Keera must have made a mistake. I won't doubt you! By the way, since tomorrow is our first anniversary, what do you want? I'll buy it for you." 
Susan lowered her gaze, "I don't want anything. I'm not a materialistic girl. I just want you..." 
Peter immediately nodded, "Okay, okay, no problem!" 
When Keira heard this, she scoffed. "Actually, we could check the surveillance..." 
The moment the words were spoken, Susan looked like she was going to cry. "Peter, does Keera really not like me?" 
Peter immediately became serious. "Keera, stop saying that. I believe in Susan! Susan is different from you! And you..." 
He took a deep breath. "I've said it before: You should be devoted and faithful. You shouldn't be fooling around like this. How can you face Mr. Horton with what you're doing?" 
Keira frowned upon hearing this. 
James, who was nearby, couldn't help but speak up, "Peter, that's enough! Keera has lived a hard life since she was young. Besides, the marriage alliance with the Horton family is a family matter. The Olsen family hasn't raised Keera, so why should she have to marry into another family for its sake? What's wrong with her having someone she likes? We can just call off the engagement with the Horton family if that's what it takes!" 
Peter immediately retorted, "Then call it off! But you're not doing that; instead, she's out there flirting with other men. When we came in just now, we were criticized, and now so many people are doubting our family's integrity! Didn't you hear that?" 
James became angry and wanted to retort but couldn't find the right words. 
"Keera" was his sister; of course, he would be biased toward her. 
Even if she really had done something wrong, as her brother, he should help her fix it. Why is there a need to lecture her like this? 
James looked at Keira at once. "Keera, we indeed need to resolve this matter. It's one thing for people outside to talk about you, but as your brother in the Olsen family, I think you're in the wrong. Which one will you choose for those two men, the gigolo and Lewis Horton? After making your choice, we should then concentrate on one man!" 
Keira was speechless. 
She was literally at a loss whether to laugh or cry! 
Just as she was about to speak, Susan cut in. "Keera, you're not clinging to the warmth of a man and yet reluctant to give up the distinguished identity of Mrs. Horton, are you? People shouldn't be so greedy!" 
Keira rolled her eyes. 
As she was about to speak, the noise from afar grew louder; soon, Charles ran toward them. "It's not looking good! Keera, that male friend of yours has come to the party, and everyone is accusing him! You better go and see to it. Ask him to leave. What you're doing is really going too far!" 
Keira was perplexed. 
In the distance, the person subjected to the commotion was actually Lewis Horton. 
She suddenly found it somewhat amusing. 
Was Lewis about to be driven out of his own home? 
No sooner had Charles spoken than Susan said, "Keera, isn't that too much? Today is Mr. Horton's birthday, and you brought an outsider in. That's indeed inappropriate!" 
Peter's brow also furrowed. "That's right, Keera, hurry up and send the man away. Don't make a scene! The Olsen and Horton families' reputations still matter!" 
Susan couldn't help but continue, "Peter, I finally understand why Keera would frame and slander me! Indeed, she was afraid I would speak out about her shopping with that gigolo yesterday, so she attacked me first! How could you do such a thing, Keera? I'm Peter's girlfriend; I definitely wouldn't speak of such things! 
"It's just that, Peter, the Olsen family really needs to be more strict with their upbringing. My parents taught me not to mess around... Keera has even brought the gigolo here. The Horton family is probably really going to be angry this time!" 
Peter frowned. "Keera, what exactly is going on here? Did you ask him to come? If it was you, tell him to leave immediately! If not, I'll go and send him away! In any case, he shouldn't be here!"
###Chapter 500
500 Chapter 499 
Susan nestled in Peter's arms, looking provocatively at Keira. "That's right, Keira, you should hurry up and make a choice!" 
Keira looked at the brothers around her, curved her lips slightly, and said, "I'll go have a look." 
James immediately followed behind her. "I'll go with you. No matter what, if anyone dares to bully you, I won't let it slide!" 
Charles also hurriedly followed after them. "I'm going too!" 
The other Olsen brothers also followed them. 
Peter also wanted to follow, but Susan suddenly clung to his arm. "Peter, I'm a bit scared. Do you think they will start fighting? Is it really okay for Keera to be like this? Especially since this matter is indeed her fault." 
Peter frowned. "Then I must go and see. We can't let Keera be at a disadvantage." 
Susan then said, "Your other brothers have already gone with her. She won't be at a disadvantage, and this is the Horton family's place. People won't get physical here. Regarding this matter, I think we should inform the elders. What do you think?" 
Peter was taken aback. "Should we tell them?" 
If they informed the elders, wouldn't the situation escalate? 
Susan's eyes flickered slightly. "We should at least tell the elders of the Olsen family. I see that they are still unaware of the situation!" 
Peter glanced into the distance. 
Even if the Horton family looked down on the Olsen family and didn't send anyone to greet them, in Clance, the Olsen family was the leader among the five major families. Just now, those people only dared to talk behind their backs. 
When they saw Uncle Olsen, those people still obediently approached him to ingratiate themselves. 
Now, a group of people was surrounding Uncle Olsen. 
As Peter hesitated, Susan grabbed his arm and headed in that direction. "Peter, let's go and tell Uncle Olsen!" 
The two made their way to Uncle Olsen. 
At this moment, Uncle Olsen was chatting with the others. 
Oliver couldn't sit still anymore. He had never expected after the Horton family behaved so rudely, the Olsens would still stay. 
Old Mrs. Horton had shown them so much courtesy; he had just heard that she even took Miss Olsen aside to chat. 
Was this marriage alliance so unbreakable? 
No, the Olsen family was just too powerful. If Lewis successfully married the legitimate daughter of the Olsen family, his position in the Horton family would be unassailable. 
Therefore, Oliver had to destroy this marriage alliance. 
As Oliver thought of this, he held Nathan's arm. "Dad, we should still go and say hello to Uncle Olsen!" 
Nathan nodded, and the two walked toward where Uncle Olsen was. 
Although Uncle Olsen was proud, he still had basic social etiquette. He didn't want to deal with Oliver, but as Nathan was, after all, Lewis's father, he still had to give him some respect. 
So he nodded to Nathan. 
Nathan coughed, initially wanting to pick a fight, even looking for an opportunity to ridicule Uncle Olsen. However, when he finally approached the man, he found he couldn't speak a word! 
There was no helping it; Uncle Olsen's presence was just too overwhelming. 
Uncle Olsen asked, "Mr. Horton, is there something the matter?" 
Nathan immediately replied, "It's nothing significant. It's just... Lewis has some matters to attend to and will be arriving later." 
Uncle Olsen nodded. "We have been informed of that." 
Nathan then spoke again, "We were held up by some matters just now and didn't come out to welcome you. Sam, please don't take offence." 
"How could I? We are about to become one family; how could I possibly be offended by you guys?" 
Uncle Olsen chuckled as he patted Oliver on the shoulder, his pats so firm that Oliver felt his shoulder bones were about to shatter! 
Enduring the pain, Oliver still assertively asked, "Uncle, I've heard that you found your daughter and that she has been married before and brought a child with her?" 
Uncle Olsen immediately smiled. "Yes, that child's named Amy, and the Horton family should surely treat her as their own, shouldn't they?" 
Oliver had intended to be sarcastic, but Uncle Olsen posed the question in such a manner that left him unsure of how to respond. 
At that moment, Peter and Susan approached. 
Peter had not met Nathan or Oliver and didn't know who these two were, so he cautiously paused before speaking. 
"Uncle, there is something I need to tell you about. May I have a word with you?" 
Susan, however, glanced at the two men's attire and looked toward the direction of the primary host, forming a conjecture. Pretending to be unaware of their identities, she blurted out, "Right, Uncle, the gigolo that Keera brought with her has actually arrived at the banquet. He is currently being held up at the entrance and is causing a scene. You should take a look! If the commotion gets out of hand and the Horton family finds out, it would be terrible!" 
Uncle Olsen was speechless. 
Peter was shocked and quickly silenced Susan. "Susan, shut up!" 
Confused, Susan looked at him, "Peter, what's wrong? Did I say something incorrect? We came to inform Uncle exactly about this matter, didn't we? Uncle should deal with this promptly. After all, it's a Horton family banquet, and it wouldn't be good if they discovered this." 
Uncle Olsen glanced indifferently at Susan, then subconsciously looked at Peter before turning to Nathan. With a seemingly amused tone, he asked, "And do you know who these gentlemen are?" 
Peter suddenly had a bad premonition, and as expected, he heard Uncle Olsen say, "This is Mr. Nathan Horton and the gentleman beside him is Lewis's elder brother, Mr. Oliver." 
Peter was shocked. 
He was instantly baffled and then turned his gaze to Susan. 
Susan's face betrayed her panic. "Peter, I... I had no idea this was the case..." 
Peter took a deep breath and then smiled at Oliver and Nathan, about to speak when Nathan, already furious, cut in, "Sam, your daughter has gone too far!" 
He stamped his foot and looked at Oliver beside him. 
Oliver quickly regained his composure. "Exactly, flagrantly bringing a gigolo to the banquet is like trampling Lewis's reputation! Dad, I think this marriage should be called off! It's a complete humiliation!" 
Nathan also chimed in, "Cancel it. It must be cancelled!" 
Hearing them, Uncle Olsen remained calm and composed; he indifferently placed his wine glass on the table beside him. 
The crisp sound startled the two men into silence at once. 
They remembered Uncle Olsen was bloodthirsty and had killed men like weeds! 
Uncle Olsen smiled faintly. "Mr. Horton, Oliver, why don't we go have a look together? Let's see what my daughter's gigolo really looks like!"
###Chapter 501
501 Chapter 500 
Hearing that, Nathan and Oliver were instantly dumbfounded. 
What did Uncle Olsen mean by that? 
A provocation? 
Both of their faces turned livid with anger, but still, they dared not disobey Uncle Olsen's command, and they hastily said, "Okay, then we'll go have a look!" 
The three of them turned around and headed toward the noisy corner of the banquet hall. 
Peter and Susan stood frozen in place, completely baffled. 
Susan swallowed nervously. "Peter, what does your uncle mean by that? Does he want them to see how handsome the gigolo is and then forgive your sister for cheating? 
Peter was also confused. 
He had seen that gigolo, who was undoubtedly handsome, even better-looking than many celebrities. But why had his uncle called those two over to see that man? 
Was he planning to cancel the engagement? 
That must be it... right? 
Peter immediately took Susan with him and followed behind Uncle Olsen. 
At that moment, Keira was making her way through the crowd and spotted Lewis standing at the entrance, his face livid. 
Victoria pointed at him and berated him loudly. "You gigolo, stop ruining Mr. Horton's birthday party! Get out of here right now!" 
The onlookers were also pointing at Lewis and whispering among themselves. 
"The Olsen family has gone too far this time, haven't they? It's Mr. Lewis Horton's birthday party, and they even brought the gigolo here. They are disrespecting Mr. Horton!" 
"Doesn't the Horton family care at all? Or are they just going to swallow this insult quietly?" 
"That is the Olsen family, after all. The marriage will surely bring lots of benefits to the Horton family. Otherwise, how could they tolerate such disgrace?" 
"You're being narrow-minded. Do you know who the Horton family is? They are the wealthiest in Oceanion! Their power is no less than the Olsen family's; this marriage is indeed a union of equals!" 
"No matter how powerful they are, once they are in Clance, they have to consider the local bigshot. That's why the Horton family wanted to marry into the Olsen family's daughter..." 
"Regardless, Miss Olsen is so inappropriate. To think she could do such a thing. We value our reputation the most; no matter what happens in private, publicly, we must appear as loving husband and wife..." 
"I heard that Mr. Horton deeply loved his first wife, and Miss Olsen has been mistreated by her first husband. This marriage is purely for mutual benefits, right? Even so, it still shouldn't have come to this!" 
"...I can't fathom their absurd actions. It's unbelievable!" 
"Can I just say it? They have no shame!" 
"..." 
While the crowd was gossiping, Keira approached Lewis and raised an eyebrow. "Why don't you come in?" 
The group surrounding Lewis couldn't stop his steps. 
Besides, this was the Horton family's place. Who would dare stop him? 
Lewis simply stood there, his gaze passing over Victoria. " I'm waiting for you to welcome me in." 
Keira wanted to laugh. 
Victoria said, "Keera, don't go too far. If you have no shame, the Olsen family still has a reputation to protect! If you dare to let him step through this door, the Horton family and our family will be at war!" 
Hearing this, Keira walked up to Lewis and reached out her hand. "Then just step through this door. Let's see if the Horton family dares to start something with me." 
Lewis smiled, took her hand, and said calmly, "They wouldn't dare." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "That's more like it." 
Victoria was dumbfounded. 
She blurted out, "What are you two playing at?" 
James also rushed over, saying, "Keera, this really isn't the right occasion. How about I take your heartthrob out for a drive first? I promise he won't be harmed." 
Keira shook her head. "Don't bother." 
James was near tears. "No, Keera, you don't know what's going on. I've heard that Lewis is very arrogant, and Uncle Olsen always shows him respect. Also, I heard his martial arts skills were taught by Uncle Olsen, and Uncle Olsen may not even be his match. I'm genuinely afraid that once Lewis arrives, he might beat up your gigolo..." 
Keira didn't know whether to laugh or cry. 
Lewis was holding back a laugh as well. 
But then, Victoria said, "What are you all laughing about? Do you think this is funny?" 
All of a sudden, Charles chimed in. "I understand now!" 
Instantly, James looked at him. "What do you mean?" 
"Isn't Keera here to call off the engagement?" 
James was dumbfounded. 
Victoria's eyes lit up immediately. "Is that so? Well, that's fine. Just explain the reasons to Mr. Horton, and maybe he will accept it. But the marriage alliance between the Horton family and the Olsen family shouldn't be called off..." 
This could be her chance! 
While Victoria was pondering, a resonant voice rang out. "Who's calling off the engagement?" 
With this declaration, the crowd promptly parted to reveal Uncle Olsen alongside Nathan and Oliver. 
As they walked, Oliver said, "Uncle Olsen, are you here to call off the engagement today? If that's the case, it's fine, really. If the kids each have someone they love, there's no need to bind them together forcibly..." 
Nathan nodded in agreement. "Right, there's no need." 
Uncle Olsen laughed at this. "Our family is certainly not calling off the engagement." 
Nathan and Oliver's faces immediately stiffened. 
Nathan got outright angry. "Sam, if you're not calling off the engagement, what's all this? Did you bring your daughter and a gigolo to our door to provoke us? Don't you think that's going too far?" 
Oliver also swiftly added, "Exactly, you're humiliating Lewis, and the Horton family is not to be trifled with. Today, the Olsen family must give us an explanation! I understand the Olsen family is powerful, but regardless, reason must prevail, right? Everyone agrees, don't they?" 
The trio spoke and moved through the crowd, making their way to the front. 
Victoria was the first to speak. "Uncle, since Keera and this gigolo are so in love, why not annul her and Mr. Horton's engagement?" 
Uncle Olsen stared at her before saying, "And then what? Do you want to represent the Olsen family to marry Lewis?" 
Victoria nodded immediately, "I can do it. After all, the Olsen family has raised me for so many years... it's only right that I do this for them..." 
Uncle Olsen scoffed, "Why do you think you're good enough?" 
Victoria's face froze instantly. 
She hadn't felt so humiliated even when she was kicked out of the Olsen family, yet Uncle Olsen's single remark left her feeling utterly disgraced. 
Angry, she pointed at Keira. "Is she good enough, then? Mr. Horton, Oliver, look at her. She's the legitimate daughter of the Olsen family, but she's bringing a gigolo to your doorstep so openly. Can the Horton family really swallow such an insult?" 
Upon hearing this, Oliver followed her finger and saw Lewis and Keira standing together like a perfect couple, and he was utterly flabbergasted. 
Nathan was also taken aback, "A gigolo?" 
"Yes, he's the gigolo!" 
No sooner had Victoria uttered these words than the so-called gigolo stepped forward. 
Lewis's face was dark with anger. "This farce has gone on long enough! This woman has been causing all the trouble. Throw her out!" 
Victoria was still confused as she stared at Lewis. "What did you say? On what grounds are you throwing people out? Who do you think you can make a scene at the Horton's?!" 
But as soon as she said that, Tom promptly walked up to Lewis and bowed, "Yes, Mr. Lewis!" 
Victoria was stunned. 
She looked incredulously at Lewis, "You, you are..." 
Lewis's gaze swept over the crowd, rested on James and Charles, and finally came to Uncle Olsen. "Uncle Olsen, it's an honor that you could take the time to come to my birthday party today." 
James was bewildered. "You, you, you're Lewis Horton?!"
###Chapter 502
502 Chapter 501 
The entire banquet hall was enveloped in dead silence. 
Everyone stared at Lewis in disbelief. Those who had been secretly discussing him as "Keera's" gigolo all had their mouths agape, feeling that the world had turned upside down! 
Victoria even shouted, "That's impossible! You are obviously Keera's driver and her gigolo, you..." 
Lewis glanced at her and said indifferently, "I admire Miss Keera, and I've been courting my fiancée. Is there a problem?" 
These words silenced Victoria immediately. 
The people around her quickly chimed in. 
"So this was all a misunderstanding! Miss Olsen never did anything inappropriate!" 
"Yeah, what gigolo? The rumors out there are ridiculous! Miss Olsen and Mr. Horton have been engaged for a long time; it's not strange for them to become close, right?" 
"They even said the two families wanted to unite through marriage... turns out it's true love!" 
"The funniest thing is the reaction from the Horton family. Don't you find it strange? Mr. Horton and Miss Olsen are so affectionate. He surely never expressed any dissatisfaction with Miss Olsen. Why didn't the Hortons come out to welcome the Olsen family? Something's not right here!" 
"The funniest thing is the reaction from the Horton family. Don't you find it strange? Mr. Horton and Miss Olsen are so affectionate. He surely never expressed any dissatisfaction with Miss Olsen. Why didn't the Hortons come out to welcome the Olsen family? Something's not right here!" 
"What's not right about it? Mr. Horton is from the second branch of the Horton family, but there's a first branch, too. I've long heard that Mr. Nathan Horton favors the first branch..." 
"So the first branch of the Horton family is up to something? How absurd." 
"..." 
A group of people whispered and pointed at Victoria, Oliver, and Nathan. 
Although Oliver and Nathan felt disgraced at this moment, their attention was focused on "Keera". Both were shocked as they blurted out, "Keira? You're not dead?" 
Keira looked down indifferently. "And these gentlemen are?" 
Lewis immediately played along. "Keera, this is my father, and this is my elder brother." 
Then he introduced her to them. "This is Uncle Olsen's long-lost daughter, Keera. Now, she has returned to the Olsen family and changed her name to Keera Olsen." 
Oliver and Nathan exchanged glances, both somewhat puzzled. "Keera? Not Keira?" 
Keira didn't respond to them but turned to look at Victoria instead. 
Victoria was still staring at them in shock and disbelief. Keira sneered. "Victoria, this is Lewis. Are you disappointed?" 
Victoria immediately swallowed hard. "I, I didn't mean..." 
"Didn't you just keep saying that the Horton and Olsen families should call off the engagement? Weren't you hoping that when Lewis and I called off our engagement, you could step in?" 
Victoria immediately waved her hands, then looked appealingly at Uncle Olsen. "Uncle, I didn't mean that. It was only a misunderstanding. I did it all for the good of the Olsen family. I didn't know Keera's boyfriend was Lewis... I didn't do it on purpose. I had no other intentions!" 
After finishing her teary speech, she switched to her ingénue act and said, "I know that after your daughter returned home, you all disliked me and kicked me out of the house. Rest assured, I will never visit again to spare my sister the frustration of seeing me." 
Her words elicited sympathy from the onlookers. 
"The Olsen family immediately discarded the adopted daughter after finding their biological child; isn't that a bit harsh?" 
"Shh, keep your voice down..." 
Keira sneered and looked toward Uncle Olsen. 
Uncle Olsen said, "Your sister certainly gets irritated at seeing you because someone as ungrateful and traitorous as you, someone who betrays their own family, is truly not welcome in the Olsen family!" 
As soon as these words came out, the surrounding crowd immediately reacted with shock. 
Victoria also turned to look at him frantically. "Uncle, what are you talking about?" 
Uncle Olsen said, "Some time ago, the Olsen family had a bit of a misunderstanding with the Gill family. Someone sent Austin a fake report about Ellis. Do you really think I don't know who sent it?" 
This statement immediately shocked Victoria. 
Her eyes widened in disbelief as she turned to look at him. "Uncle, I don't know what you mean. It really wasn't me. I..." 
But she couldn't continue. 
Because she knew very well that Uncle Olsen was never one to speak carelessly; whatever he said, he indeed had evidence to back it up. 
Uncle Olsen let out a cold laugh. 
Victoria's legs instantly went weak, and she collapsed onto the ground. 
She swallowed hard. "Uncle, please, I beg you to spare me. I was just confused for a moment. I only felt that once Keera came back, you wouldn't need me anymore, and I couldn't accept that... I know I was wrong, Uncle... The Olsen family raised me, and I am grateful for that, Uncle..." 
Uncle Olsen said coldly, "The Olsen family raised you and never expected you to do anything for them. Since you can't get over it, you might as well repay the Olsen family's kindness." 
Victoria was startled. "How should I repay it?" 
Uncle Olsen said indifferently, "We have a business partner overseas who wants an arranged marriage. Weren't you very keen on representing the Olsen family in an arranged marriage? Well then, off you go!" 
Upon hearing this, Victoria's eyes lit up. "Which family?" 
Uncle Olsen curled his lips. "The Martin family." 
Victoria immediately asked, "Scott Martin?" 
Uncle Olsen smiled mockingly. "Stop daydreaming. Do you think Scott Martin is within your reach? His uncle just lost his wife; you can go and be his next wife in line." 
This comment drained the color from Victoria's face instantly. 
Scott Martin's uncle... that middle-aged man notorious for his brutality? 
The rumors suggested he was somewhat impotent and, therefore, particularly enjoyed sadistic relationships; he had already lost three wives... 
In those places abroad, in large families like the Martins, such matters were hardly pursued... 
Victoria inhaled sharply. 
Just as she was about to say something else, Uncle Olsen waved his hand, and two bodyguards stepped forward, grabbing Victoria's arms. 
Uncle Olsen commanded, "Keep an eye on her. Don't let her leave the house before the marriage is done!" 
"Yes!" 
Victoria wanted to speak, but someone stuffed a piece cloth into her mouth and then forcefully dragged her away. 
This series of actions took place smoothly. Everything was extraordinarily seamless. 
Just like that, Uncle Olsen punished Victoria while everyone watched. He slowly turned to look at Oliver and Nathan. "Gentlemen, you don't mind, do you? The Olsen family always takes swift and decisive action." 
Oliver and Nathan immediately swallowed hard, waving their hands. "No, we don't mind at all." 
Uncle Olsen asked again, "Did you just say that you want to cancel the engagement?" 
Nathan immediately twitched the corner of his mouth. "No, we didn't. They are perfectly matched, and we are very pleased!" 
Uncle Olsen let out a cold laugh and glanced at Keira before turning around with the two men to return to the banquet hall. 
Keira raised an eyebrow, looking at Susan, who was hiding behind Peter.
###Chapter 503
503 Chapter 502 
Susan seemed to have not expected such a turn of events, especially since Uncle Olsen had just dealt with Victoria with lightning speed, sending chills down her spine. 
When Keira looked over, Susan immediately clutched Peter's wrist and dared not speak. 
Keira just raised her eyebrows and entered the banquet hall with Lewis. 
It was only then that Susan breathed a sigh of relief and said to Peter, "Your little sister is so scary. Won't she hold a grudge against me?" 
Peter frowned at her, "Susan, how could you bring up such a matter in front of the Hortons? Fortunately, the gigolo was none other than Lewis Horton; otherwise, the Olsen family's reputation would have been completely ruined today!" 
Upon hearing this, Susan immediately looked down. "Peter, I'm sorry, I really didn't know what was going on. I didn't recognize those two gentlemen just now. If I had known, I certainly wouldn't have mentioned it." 
Hearing this, Peter sighed and said after a long while, "Be more careful in the future!" 
"I know." 
Susan cooed and entered the banquet hall with Peter. 
Lewis's birthday party officially began, and everyone was chatting and laughing as if nothing happened earlier. 
The only person out of sorts in the entire banquet hall was Jake. 
He stood to one side like a walking corpse, still finding the situation ridiculous. 
He took out his phone and opened Keira's photo, which was taken during a sports competition when they were in college. 
Back then, he had signed Keira up for the sprint event. 
Keira wasn't happy about it, annoyed that he had made the decision for her, and she frowned at him for a long time. 
Jake tried to please her with a smile. "Keira, don't always be so aloof. Sometimes, you have to blend in with your classmates." 
Keira didn't say anything and walked away. 
He thought she would skip the event, but to his surprise, on the day of the competition, when Keira's name was called, she appeared on the track. 
And she won first place with a considerable lead. 
The photo on the phone was one he had secretly taken as Keira crossed the finish line. 
Her gaze was resolute, and after running four hundred meters, there wasn't a drop of sweat on her face. Her hair was tied into a high ponytail, and she looked youthful, radiant, and dazzlingly beautiful. 
Jake couldn't help but touch the face on the screen and murmured, "Keira, do you see this? The man who claims to love you, the man you loved back then, is about to introduce his new fiancée to everyone... If you were still here, would you be heartbroken?" 
Muttering softly to himself, he turned off the phone screen. 
He then saw Lewis take the stage, briefly introducing himself to everyone. After greeting the guests, he announced Horton Group's formal entry into Clance's business world. 
Next was the opening dance of the entire banquet. 
Lewis descended gracefully from the platform with gentlemanly poise, walking toward the crowd. 
The crowd immediately parted, and he approached a girl in a blue evening gown... 
Jake couldn't help but smile bitterly, but the next moment, his eyes widened in shock. 
The girl whom Lewis took by the hand looked exactly like the girl of his dreams! 
Was it Keira?! 
Jake's pupils shrank in shock. 
Impossible! 
No... she wasn't! 
Keira had a mole at the corner of her eye, but the woman didn't. 
Even though they gave a very similar impression... 
At that moment, Jake suddenly realized why Lewis's affections had suddenly shifted. That was the reason.... 
He was entertaining a substitute for Keira! 
Thinking of this, Jake suddenly felt a tightness in his chest. 
He abruptly turned and left the banquet hall. 
In this world, no one could replace Keira, not even someone who looked exactly alike! 
- 
Keira had long forgotten about Jake and was unaware of the drama that unfolded when he ran off alone with his sorrows. 
After Keira danced with Lewis, people from the crowd came up one by one to congratulate her. 
She only recognized some of these people, and James acted as her guide, introducing them one by one. 
All members of the five great families of Clance were present today. 
She had met almost every family member there. 
When it came to Austin, his face was full of astonishment, "That gigolo turned out to be Lewis Horton! No wonder you announced your relationship so arrogantly, not hiding it in the slightest." 
Keira simply asked, "Has Nara woken up?" 
Austin immediately looked disheartened and shook his head. 
Keira said nothing more. She nodded, ready to greet the next person. 
But at that moment, Austin said, "Oh, by the way, the contract processes between our two companies have been completed. We're now in the signing stage." 
Keira froze upon hearing this. 
She stopped abruptly and looked directly at him, "When were the processes completed?" 
Austin replied, "Our legal department worked overtime today, sealed the documents, and delivered them to your office. Your people have also stamped it and sent it back. Our cooperation is officially underway." 
As soon as he said that, Keira felt her cell phone vibrate once in her handbag. 
She immediately opened her handbag, took out her phone, and saw that the number sending her tasks had sent a new message. 
The message was about the third task... 
But upon seeing the content of the third task, Keira was utterly shocked!
###Chapter 504
504 Chapter 503 
Keira stared at the third task, her fists clenched tightly. 
She suddenly turned to look at Lewis in the distance, then looked down at the third task again with a flash of anger in her pupils. 
Austin was confused. "What's wrong?" 
"It's nothing." 
After Keira said that, she took a deep breath and lowered her gaze. 
There was no way she could complete the third task… 
But if she didn't complete it, how could she save her mother? 
Feeling inexplicably irritated, she simply walked to the side, her gaze falling on Lewis again with a hint of contemplation in her eyes. 
The third task… 
As she was pondering, suddenly, everything before her dimmed. 
A delicate voice said, "Keera, you seem a bit unhappy. Is there something on your mind?" 
Keira looked up to see Susan. 
She frowned, and her lips tensed. "It's none of your business." 
Keira was already in a bad mood, and seeing this woman made her tone even harsher. 
Susan said, "Keera, I want to talk to you." 
"I have nothing to talk to you about." 
Keira remained cold, indifferently finishing her sentence before turning to walk away. 
But Susan blocked her path again. "Keera, I just want to make peace with you. I misunderstood you earlier, but I think you also have some misunderstanding about me. That day in the parking lot, the person you saw definitely wasn't me. I hope you..." 
Keira suddenly looked up at her, her eyes glinting sharply, "You think I'm blind?" 
She might have played along with Susan in the past, but now she was in no mood for games! 
Susan's expression stiffened. 
Keira, with a cold face and silence, looked quite intimidating. 
Susan knew that "Keera" wasn't someone to be trifled with, but turning to look at Peter in the distance, who was watching them, a resentful glint flashed in her eyes. 
She had come over purposely to mend their relationship, having seen the Olsen family's favoritism toward "Keera". 
To prevent Peter from treating her poorly, Susan had deliberately acted affectionately to ingratiate herself. 
If she couldn't win "Keera" over, then… 
Susan suddenly grabbed Keira's arm. "Keera, you really were mistaken. That wasn't me. Yesterday at the mall, I saw someone wearing the same clothes as me… So, can you please stop ruining my reputation?" 
Keira scoffed and gently pushed her hand away. "Firstly, I haven't slandered your reputation publicly, and secondly, that's my brother, so I definitely won't turn a blind eye to what you've done!" 
After saying this, she walked past Susan to find Lewis. 
The third task was related to Lewis, and she needed to clear things up with him. 
But before she could get there, Susan stumbled and fell to the ground with a yelp. 
Keira was surprised. 
She looked back at Susan, puzzled. Peter then rushed over and helped Susan to her feet. "Susan, are you all right?" 
Susan said, "I'm fine, Peter. Don't blame Keera. She didn't mean to push me..." 
Then she lowered her head, pretending to cry, and looked toward Keira. "Keera, I know you don't like me, and my background isn't worthy of Peter, but he and I truly love each other. Peter said that the Olsen family doesn't care about background, so can you stop opposing us?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
At that moment, she felt like swearing a thousand times over. 
Which ancient romantic novel did Susan think she lived in? 
And this scenario! Wasn't this something those evil supporting characters in TV dramas often did? 
Keira's lips twitched, and she pointed to the nearby video camera. "Susan, don't you know? These large banquet halls have surveillance. Are you trying to frame me for pushing you? Let's review the surveillance footage, shall we?" 
Susan's face stiffened. 
She immediately looked at Peter. "Peter, I didn't mean that. Keera didn't push me. She just gave me a little shove. I lost my balance on my own." 
Keira thought Susan was finally willing to tell the truth. 
But to her surprise, Peter frowned at her at the next moment. "Keera, how could you treat Susan like that?" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Peter sighed. "I know you don't like her. From the first time you saw her, you've had prejudices against her, but..." 
At this point, Peter seemed reluctant to say something too harsh, so he just closed his mouth. Then he helped Susan up. "Let's forget about it for now. We'll talk when we get back home." 
Without looking at Keira, he said to Susan. "Susan, let's go." 
"Okay." 
As Susan walked away, she said, "Peter, Keera didn't push me, so don't be mad because of this, and don't distance yourself from Keera... It's all my fault…" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Was Peter an idiot? Did he believe Susan just like that? 
She rolled her eyes. 
Then, a low chuckle rang out in her ear. "Your brother seems to have left his brain at home." 
"Well said." 
Keira looked at Lewis with words on the tip of her tongue. 
Lewis asked, "What's happened?" 
He sensed something. "Has the South family sent you a message with a task?" 
Keira nodded, took out her phone, and handed it over for him to see.
###Chapter 505
505 Chapter 504 
Lewis took over the phone, and his face darkened instantly after a glance. 
Keira also furrowed her brows. 
There was a rare heaviness in the air between them. 
Keira looked at the text message once more. 
It read, "Your third task is to make Scott Martin fall in love with you and enter into an alliance marriage with him." 
Scott Martin... This name sounded slightly familiar. Coincidentally, Keira met him in Clance not long ago; he was that expatriate who had returned from overseas. 
It seemed he hadn't mastered the native language and often created embarrassing moments. 
The two had hardly any interaction; the assignment of this task was inexplicably strange. 
Moreover... Keira and Lewis were already engaged, which was the talk of the town, making this task fundamentally impossible for her. 
Lewis's face turned ashen, and he clenched his fists, looking at Keira, "Keira, the tasks from the South family are really odd. The first task was to have Mary marry Ellis out of the blue, and the second task had you cooperate with the five major families. This third task is just too preposterous!" 
Keira pondered. "The first task aimed to use Mary and Ellis's relationship to bind the Olsen family, which actually overlaps with the second task. Hence, even after Mary and Ellis got divorced, the situation didn't change. I think the South family simply wants me to maintain a good cooperative relationship with the five major families. The specific reasoning is unclear. But this Scott Martin, who is he?" 
Lewis explained with a grim face, "I have done some research on this guy before." 
When he was in Oceanion, Scott Martin pursued Keira, and Lewis had Tom look into that man. 
It turned out this guy came to Crera just to penetrate the Creran market, and as for his family... 
Lewis explained lightly, "Abroad. They are considered a nobility. Is the South family issuing you that task trying to have you maintain good relations with every reputable family? Why would they do that? Aren't the tasks they are issuing a bit too strange?" 
Keira nodded. "I agree." 
Lewis coughed slightly, looking at her, "So, what will your decision be?" 
Keira stole a glance at him and saw the man looking somewhat uneasy. 
Keira lowered her eyes. "My mother's life and death are uncertain, so this task is definitely something I must do..." 
As soon as she spoke, she could feel Lewis become dejected. "So you're going to give me up?" 
Keira smiled. 
Lewis was an aloof, hard-to-please person. Why did he always look like the aggrieved party? 
It made her feel quite sorry for him. 
She hurriedly explained, "That's not what I mean. I want to contact Scott Martin and see what he's up to." 
Lewis's eyes were filled with an even more profound sense of sadness. 
Keira waved her hands. "Don't look at me like that. I'm just going to negotiate some business partnership with him. Besides, even if I try to make Scott Martin fall for me, that doesn't mean he will! I'm not Helen of Troy! I can't make every man fall in love with me!" 
The words were meant to comfort Lewis, but just as she finished speaking, suddenly, a voice with broken Creran came from behind. "Miss Olsen! It really is you!" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She turned slowly and saw Scott Martin in a light-colored suit, his face brimming with joy as he approached quickly. Then, taking advantage of Keira's startled state, he took her hand in his. 
"Miss Olsen, it is truly my privilege to reencounter you in Clance! When I left Oceanion, I was a bit reluctant and couldn't say goodbye to you in person. I never expected us to meet again here!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She instinctively looked at Lewis and saw that his expression had darkened. 
Lewis stepped forward and grabbed Scott Martin's hand, trying to pull it apart from Keira's, his tone ice cold. "Mr. Martin, hello, I don't remember sending you an invitation to my birthday party. How did you get in?" 
Scott Martin held on to Keira's hand tightly, completely ignoring Lewis's words, "Miss Olsen, an old Creran is saying, 'An encounter is predestined by fate just like a marriage is bound by a thread across a thousand miles!'" 
Keira said, "…Mr. Martin, that proverb isn't suitable for use between the two of us." 
"Is that so?" 
Scott just laughed, "I think it's perfectly fitting!" 
"..." 
Keira quickly withdrew her hand, and as Scott was about to come closer to say something else, Lewis stepped between him and Keira. 
"Mr. Martin, you still haven't explained how you got in." 
With that, Charles said, "I brought him in!" 
He walked over and high-fived Scott, laughing, "Mr. Martin is planning to develop a plot of land in collaboration with the Olsen family, so I've been communicating with Mr. Martin recently. Since it's Lewis's birthday today, it was only natural for me to bring him along!" 
Having said that, he turned to Keira. "Keera, let's go play some games over there." 
Keira instinctively glanced at Lewis. 
They moved toward the sofa nearby, and just as they joined in, they saw a crowd of young people gathered around, playing a game. 
They were engrossed in a mobile team-based game. 
There were five people per team, and they were engaged in a ranked match. 
Charles immediately joined the game with Scott Martin in tow. 
Keira leaned to the side, watching Scott closely. 
Lewis joined her, murmuring flatly, "This man is certainly not naive. He must be hiding some secrets. Otherwise, the South family wouldn't have arranged for you to marry him. He could very well be one of the villains within the South family!" 
Keira fell silent. 
She coughed softly. "Anyway, let's get on his good side first and then see what happens." 
Upon hearing this, Lewis's eyes darkened. 
After a moment, he said, "You're right. I'll have someone continue to investigate his whereabouts." 
"Alright." 
Keira then touched her chin. "How do you gain someone's favor, become friends, and then get them to help me?" 
What she lacked the most since childhood was friends. 
Due to her upbringing, she wasn't good at communicating or making friends. The few friends she had were either Keera's close girlfriends or those who took the initiative to befriend her. 
Making friends proactively now seemed a bit difficult, didn't it? 
Although it seemed like Scott Martin was quite enthusiastic about her... 
As Keira pondered, Lewis coughed. "You could compliment him more." 
Keira sincerely asked for advice. "How should I compliment him?" 
Lewis nodded slightly, "You see those few guys…" Keira saw five guys playing games while cursing loudly. 
James said, "What's with that Doomfist? Can't you move properly?" 
Charles said, "Damn! Doomfist, what are you doing? Can you even hit a sniper shot?" 
The other two Olsen brothers were also angrily cursing, "He's useless! Seriously, does he even know how to play?" 
Keira, who had never played this game and didn't quite understand how it worked, glanced at Lewis, who coughed softly. "You can compliment his upbringing." 
Keira immediately nodded her head. 
After one round of gaming, Scott smiled and put down his phone while the other four looked upset, continuing to curse and complain. 
Lewis then gave Keira a nod. 
Keira immediately gave an "OK" gesture, coughed softly, and slowly started, "Well..." 
All five gamers turned their gaze toward her at once. 
Keira glanced at Scott Martin and said unhurriedly, not being good at complimenting others. "It's just a game, so there's no need to be so irritable. You four should really learn from Mr. Martin." 
Charles immediately inquired, "Learn what?" 
Keira slowly said, "I saw you guys were continuously cursing at Doomfist just now, but Mr. Martin didn't say a single word the whole time. Such temperament is awe-inspiring!" 
After her praise, she even gave Scott a thumbs up. 
Then, she sneakily glanced at Lewis. 
Lewis was trying to suppress a smile at the corner of his lips. 
Keira suddenly realized something was off, then looked at the five men, only to see all four Olsen brothers twitch their mouths. 
Scott had an embarrassed look and slowly explained, "Well, actually, I was the one playing Doomfist." 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
He stood up awkwardly. "You guys continue. I'll go check out something else." 
After he left, James immediately said, "Keera, if you can't compliment someone, then you better not do it at all." 
Keira was perplexed. 
Charles also quietly said, "Keera, your compliment was great. Just don't do it again next time!" 
"..." 
Keira glared at Lewis, just to see him burst out laughing. 
It was then she truly understood that Lewis had played her!! 
She glared at Lewis and then tried to approach Scott Martin to say a few words, but to her surprise, as soon as she got close, Scott quickly scurried away as if he was embarrassed. 
Keira was surprised. 
Lewis raised an eyebrow. 
Keira asked, "Why did he run?" 
"He's embarrassed to face you after losing face in front of a girl he fancies." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She couldn't help but pinch Lewis. He had done his naughty deeds, and she ended up in a terrible mess!! 
The banquet came to an end quickly, and as the host, Lewis personally saw the Olsen family out. Keira wanted to stay behind to inquire about the South family matters from old Mrs. Horton, so she accompanied him. 
The banquet was a success, with both hosts and guests enjoying themselves. 
After the important guests had left, Keira and Lewis went together to old Mrs. Horton's room on the second floor. 
It was already late, but old Mrs. Horton hadn't gone to bed yet. Seeing them coming in, she invited them to sit on the sofa and then asked, "What do you want to know?" 
Keira went straight to the point. "Grandma, please tell us about the South family. What's the story with them, really?" 
Hearing this, old Mrs. Horton seemed lost in her memories. "Ah, the South family. They're actually a very mysterious family..."
###Chapter 506
506 Chapter 505 
Old Mrs. Horton finished her sentence and paused, looking at Keira. 
Keira nodded. 
Mysterious was the right word. 
It was so mysterious that no one could find the family; it was as if it wasn't even on Earth. 
She waited quietly for old Mrs. Horton to speak and then heard the latter say, "In fact, I don't know much about the South family. Although I was in Oceanion when I was young, I heard about a Lady South who came over to Clance. She was gentle and dignified, extremely educated and well-mannered. She was possibly a little younger than I was." 
Lady South was slightly younger than old Mrs. Horton? 
Thinking about the age and remembering what Rebecca's father had said about the senior family member, Keira wondered if Lady South could be her grandmother. 
Keira continued to listen attentively. 
Old Mrs. Horton said, "At that time, Lady South's reputation had even spread to Oceanion. Out of curiosity, like many other girls, I went to Clance to see her. Indeed, Lady South was as knowledgeable and talented as the rumors said, almost like a royal princess... As you know, Crera is a special place. These prestigious and large families seem very powerful, but they are actually the nouveau riche. At that time, the Horton family was just getting established, and we old folks all had a bit of the parvenu air about us. But Lady South was different. She was like..." 
Old Mrs. Horton paused again as if uncertain how to describe her. 
Suddenly, she said, "You must have heard of the old aristocrats' elegance in history, haven't you?" 
Keira and Lewis immediately nodded. 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled. "Speaking of the literary world and the temperament of the prestigious families in that world, the young masters and ladies were all born with a noble air, which is an indescribable charm. That's the kind of feeling Lady South gave me. She was elegant and noble; mentioning money in front of her seemed gauche. I haven't seen anyone else like her to this day." 
Keira was stunned, unable to imagine what her grandmother, as described by old Mrs. Horton, looked like. 
However, Rebecca's father had never forgotten the lady's temperament; it must have had its unique charm. 
As Keira thought of this, she asked again, "Where did she come from?" 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled, "What a question you've asked. Lady South, of course, came from the South family. At that time, we were all speculating about what kind of family could raise such a distinguished daughter. We were always trying to find out her background. We only knew she had come from abroad, but where exactly the family was, we had no idea. There were even people who doubted she was a true lady from a prestigious family, and they followed her, only to find that Lady South's way of living was so particular and luxuriously grandiose that it was beyond our imagination..." 
Keira asked, "For example?" 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled. "Take, for example, the most ordinary dish in her everyday meals called 'Silver Sprouts Stuffed with Meat.' Do you know how it's made?" 
As a professional chef, Keira had, of course, heard of this dish, which was a royal dish in the palace. 
She nodded and explained to Lewis, "It requires hollowing out the center of every bean sprout and stuffing it with strands of ham, then frying and mixing them cold." 
Lewis said, "You would need at least a hundred bean sprouts for a meal, right? Is each one like that? Is it even possible to make?" 
Keira coughed slightly. "I tried it once when I was bored. The sprouts are very brittle and break easily if you apply too much force, and the ham is very soft and difficult to stuff inside, but it's not impossible... It took me six hours, and I succeeded with twenty sprouts." 
Lewis asked, "How much is twenty sprouts?" 
Keira paused briefly. "A spoonful." 
Lewis was speechless. 
He couldn't help himself and blurted out, "Who would eat such a dish just for the sake of it?" 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled. "You see? Even in a household like ours these days, there wouldn't be a person in the kitchen dedicated solely to making this dish. But Lady South's chefs formed a team. There were about twenty of them, cooking just for Lady South, and making this dish was just one person's job. The cold dish is crisp, and Lady South would have it almost every few days. Moreover, this dish is just one of her everyday dishes. There's also a soup called 'Flying Dragon Soup,' which involves a type of bird that is now a protected species, so you can't eat it anymore. But back in the day, because she liked it, her family would always get some game. Also, because Lady South liked the sliver of meat in the duck tongue, her menu included a dish called 'Hundred-Flavor Duck Tongue' every other day, which literally meant tongues from a hundred ducks... You should know during my youth, our way of life in Crera was still meager. Who could afford to eat like that?" 
Keira was astounded. "Even the queens in the ancient palaces weren't that extravagant, right?" 
"Exactly," laughed old Mrs. Horton. "So when we learned that Lady South lived like this, we finally understood how her demeanor was cultivated." 
Keira's mouth twitched. 
Old Mrs. Horton then continued. "The key is, paparazzi discovered all these things. She never flaunted her family's wealth in public, as if all that luxury was just part of her everyday life. She has never looked down on anyone; such a character is something I have never seen." 
Upon hearing this, Keira began to understand why old Mrs. Horton was so impressed. 
She inquired, "What happened then?" 
She then suddenly paused. "Have you ever met her husband?" 
Since she was referred to as Lady South and her mother was called Jodie South, did that mean Lady South's husband had the surname South? 
At this question, old Mrs. Horton gave a wry smile and shook her head. "I don't know. Her mystery partly lies in this: everyone knew she was Lady South, and they knew her daughter had the surname South, but no one had seen her husband or even knew her first name. During her stay in Crera, she enlightened us. Then, one day, there was a big fire, and just like that, Lady South disappeared with the flames in Clance. As for her daughter... your mother, she also vanished. It was only recently that I came to realize that your mother was indeed the daughter of Lady South back then." 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled again. "Back then, we were all curious about whose wife could be raised so lavishly. It seemed that her family didn't run any business, yet money was spent like running water as if it were inexhaustible." 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at her. "Until later, we heard a legend about her." 
"What legend?"
###Chapter 507
507 Chapter 506 
Old Mrs. Horton said, "It was just our private speculation. You see, many people looked through numerous ancient Creran archives, hoping to find such a family with the surname South. Unfortunately, they came up empty-handed. It wasn't until a time later that someone declared that, actually, Lady South was... 
"A member of the royal family from Country Y. She seemed to have committed some error there and was banished to Crera." 
Keira was startled. 
Banished... 
This word made it sound like an ancient official who had made a mistake and was exiled to a remote outpost. 
Old Mrs. Horton said, "Back then, Country Y was developing splendidly and very advanced. In my day, I must say, Crera was rather backward and had a poor standard of living. For them, coming to live in Crera was like a form of exile. However, I guess they never anticipated that today's Crera would be so prosperous, with such excellent living conditions..." 
Keira nodded. 
She asked, "Is there more?" 
Old Mrs. Horton shook her head. "That's all I really know. After all, I'm not from Crera; I eventually returned to Oceanion to marry. Other than hearing that Lady South died in a huge fire, I'm not clear on the details..." 
Keira nodded again. 
She felt her visit today hadn't been in vain. 
At the very least, she clarified one thing: the South family's influence was enormous, and it was indeed built on a strong financial foundation; otherwise, they couldn't have sustained a person like Lady South. 
But banished... What exactly was that all about? She still needed to investigate further. 
Moreover, if Lady South had been banished, why had she brought such a large service entourage with her? 
The luxurious life she led indicated clearly that the South family had not neglected her. 
And what about that big fire involving Lady South? Plus, Jodie South also seemed to have hidden her identity, having taken refuge in Oceanion for over twenty years... 
This South family seemed a bit too formidable! 
Country Y... 
A new clue! 
Just then, Keira realized something. She quickly looked toward Lewis, and before she could speak, Lewis casually said, "Scott Martin is from Country Y." 
Keira immediately recalled the third task assigned to her by the South family: to make Scott Martin fall in love with her and marry him. 
Her expression turned serious, and she said, "Send someone to check on Scott Martin's family." 
Lewis nodded."Sure, I'll have someone look into it." 
... 
After saying goodbye to old Mrs. Horton, Keira walked out while Lewis took a call, so Keira waited for him in the parking lot. 
It was during this brief interlude that Jake suddenly appeared before Keira. 
Keira looked at him, slightly taken aback. 
Fixing his gaze on her, Jake suddenly said, "Do you know that to my uncle, you are just a substitute?!" 
Keira was perplexed. 
She almost rolled her eyes! 
What was with Jake? 
Without waiting for her to say a word, Jake sneered. "I knew you wouldn't believe it, but it's the truth! Do you know what his former wife looked like? She's almost identical to you!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
What was wrong with this man? 
Jake continued. "Doesn't it bother you that he is using you..." 
Keira shrugged. "Bothered by what?" 
Jake was taken aback. 
Keira sighed. "For someone like me, divorced with a child, I'm happy to have someone interested in me at all. Mr. Horton may be on his second marriage, but at least he has no children. By marrying him, I'm the one who benefits. And to tell you the truth, I really like Mr. Horton; he's not just handsome and well-built, but he's also rich and capable of helping me grow my business... Even if he has someone else on his mind and sees me as a substitute, I don't mind!" 
Jake was shocked. 
He looked at "Keera". He was taken aback and seemingly puzzled. 
Just then, they heard a low chuckle. 
Keira and Jake turned their heads in unison, only to see Lewis standing not far away, watching them. 
Jake's face instantly froze, and without saying a word, he turned and left. 
Keira, however, raised an eyebrow. 
Lewis got in the car and drove Keira home. 
Throughout the journey, the smile on Lewis's lips never faded. 
The two quickly returned to the South residence. 
As soon as they reached the doorway, they saw a familiar figure standing there – it was Ellis. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She exchanged a glance with Lewis, and both heaved a sigh at the same time. 
If Mary didn't forgive him, would he never leave? 
... 
The next day, when Keira woke up, she saw a message from Austin saying that Nara had woken up but refused to acknowledge them, and she had already gone home with Matias. He asked if Keira could come and visit Nara if she had the time. 
Upon reading the message, Keira sighed softly. 
She had known this would be the outcome. 
Nara might be mute and not fond of talking, but she was stubborn and a stickler for principles. 
Having been coerced into jumping off a building by Austin, how could she possibly forgive such a brother? 
Since Keira had become friends with Nara, she couldn't just ignore her opinions; thus, Keira got up and went to visit Nara. 
As she drove up to the alley where Nara lived, she saw Austin's car parked not too far away. 
He was smoking gloomily inside his car. 
Upon seeing Keira, he immediately said, "Nara won't forgive me. What should I do?" 
Keira said, "I don't know." 
In a way, what Austin had done before to Nara was indeed too much; he was a complete villain. 
How could Nara possibly forgive him just because she had become his sister and was no longer being bullied by him? 
Austin, frustrated, scratched his head and said to Keira, "Let's go see her together." 
Keira nodded. 
The two walked toward the alley. 
At this very moment. 
Nara and Matias were helping each other walk as they had just returned home. 
Matias's leg hadn't completely healed, and he was hobbling along. 
Seeing his condition, Nara felt even more guilty. She cursed the fault of the Gills! Jackson had broken Matias's leg. 
But Jackson dared to do such a thing because he had the backing of Lady Gill and Austin, didn't he?! 
Nara's expression grew colder. 
As they reached the doorway, they spotted a young man about Nara's age waiting for them. As they approached, he immediately ran over, "Nara, I heard you offended the Gills... Now you can't even find a job and were forced to jump off a building, almost losing your life!" 
Nara looked at the young man in front of her with a hint of softness in her eyes. 
She immediately took out paper and a pen and wrote, "I'm fine. You don't have to worry." 
Matias, who was standing beside her, asked her in a low voice, "Who's this? Your boyfriend? You secretly found a boyfriend in college and didn't even tell your brother?" 
Nara's face turned red. 
The young man was indeed her boyfriend, Gary, but both were quite reserved and restrained, especially since Nara was mute and always felt she didn't deserve him; hence, they had never made it public. 
Hearing this, Gary immediately nodded at Matias, then turned to Nara. "Nara, this is too dangerous. You had such a big incident, but why didn't you tell me beforehand? My family may not be wealthy, but we can still help you. My mother can speak to Lady Gill. How about this? I'll ask my mother to speak on your behalf, and we can definitely get through this! Trust me!"
###Chapter 508
508 Chapter 507 
Nara immediately waved her hand when she heard this. 
Matias also said, "Don't bother. The issue has already been resolved. The Gill family won't be bothering us anymore!" 
Gary froze momentarily when he heard this, then frowned and asked, "How was it resolved? Did they let you go so easily?" 
At this point, Gary sighed. "Nara, don't think too highly of people. I know every one of those Gill family members. None of them are good news, be it Austin or Jackson." 
His expression was one of indignation as he said, "You probably don't know, but Jackson has bullied so many people in the Freeman Sect. I heard that recently, he almost violated a young woman. And that Austin is even more unreasonable. He's been acting like the crown prince of Clance, not taking anyone seriously. He has an extremely promiscuous private life. Recently, he even tarnished Mrs. Olsen's reputation. Do you know who Mrs. Olsen is? She's the wife of Ellis, the lady from the Davis family." 
Gary was also from the circle of wealthy elites, so he mentioned Mary with a slight sigh. "Did you know? The lady's position within the Davis family was already a bit awkward, and after being slandered by Austin like this, her days within the Olsen family have been tough. I heard that because of this incident, everyone suspected that her child wasn't Ellis's, which caused Ellis and her to go through a divorce... Oh right, Mary, that lady, also lost her baby because of this..." 
Nara listened to Gary's words and bit her lip. 
She lowered her head and clenched her fists tightly. 
Matias let out a sigh. 
Gary continued. "And there's your brother. I just heard from the aunt in the neighborhood that Jackson broke his leg. Do you think Jackson would dare act like this without Austin backing him? Without Austin's tacit approval, would Jackson dare to be so wanton?" 
He gently shook his head and then looked at Nara again. "So don't think that this matter is truly over. It's not over. Someone vindictive like Austin will definitely keep it in mind, and he surely has something else planned!" 
Gary stepped forward, his face filled with concern, and looked toward Matias, "Why don't you two come with me? You can stay at my place. Our family might not be among the wealthiest, but at the very least, Austin wouldn't dare to come to my house to bully you anymore. My mom and Lady Gill are distant relatives... in a manner of speaking, she is also his elder... although he has never respected my mom as his elder, not since he was a child." 
The more Nara listened, the darker her expression became. 
She stared at Gary incredulously and picked up a notebook. "Is what you're saying true?" 
Gary was startled. "What?" 
Nara wrote, "The thing you just said about the Davis family and the Olsen family, was Austin involved?" 
Gary nodded. "Yes." 
Nara clenched her fists, her eyes filled with disappointment. 
She slowly lowered her head. 
After a while, she sighed and made a dismissive gesture toward Gary, writing, "Please go home. I'm fine and want to have some rest." 
Gary wanted to say more, but Matias sensed Nara's intentions and said, "You should leave. Don't worry about our family's issues." 
After hesitating for a long while, Gary reluctantly nodded. "Then I'll leave for now. Nara, have some rest. I'll come check on you some other day." 
Nara nodded. 
Gary stared at her, still worried. "Nara, are you really okay? You don't look well. Let me take you to the hospital!" 
Matias interjected, "We just came back from the hospital. If there were any issues, the doctor would have already said so! Please don't trouble yourself." 
Gary appeared torn and tried to persuade him. "No, Matias, I'm just worried about Nara... Maybe I should stay here after all. I'm worried that Austin will come again!" 
Seeing his concerned expression, Matias couldn't help but say, "It's alright. He won't make things difficult for us." 
Gary waved his hand. "No, do you think just because he forced Nara to jump off the building, this matter would be over? It's not. Austin is a malicious person. Even after what happened, he won't let you off..." 
He was in the middle of speaking when a voice suddenly came from the doorway, "Hello..." 
Gary turned his head sharply and saw Austin at the door, and Gary instantly stumbled from fright. He instinctively stood in front of Nara, stretching out both hands to protect her, and looked at Austin with panic. "You, what are you doing here again? Austin, let me tell you, my mother is your mother's distant cousin, and our two families are somewhat related. Don't mess around..." 
Austin stared at him, slightly taken aback, "You are... Gary?" 
"Yes... Yes! That's me!" 
Gary had some sense of responsibility. Even though he was terrified, he still didn't move aside, "I'm telling you, don't think about bullying Nara again!" 
Austin was speechless. 
He almost rolled his eyes. 
He took a step forward. 
Gary was so terrified that his legs went weak. Apparently, he recalled Austin's cruel methods and trembled with a look of sheer horror. 
Matias couldn't help but twitch the corners of his mouth. 
He looked at Austin with a bad attitude. "Why are you here?" 
Austin faced Matias with guilt, but even more so, he held a hint of hostility. 
Because he and his sister were closest in age as children, they had the best relationship in the world. They often made promises, and when their older brothers mistreated them, his sister always stood up for him. 
Thus, Austin's affection for his sister was the deepest. 
Although he was grateful to Matias for saving his sister, the thought of Matias stealing his sister's love and how she now only acknowledged this one brother made Austin feel an unbearable pang of jealousy. 
He couldn't help but say, "Why can't I come here?" 
Matias frowned. "This is my house, and you're not welcome here." 
Austin sneered, "Just because you say I'm not welcome doesn't mean I can't come here. Well, I'm here. What are you going to do about it?" 
"You..." 
Matias was also infuriated by Austin's brazen attitude. 
He didn't say anything. 
Gary, however, looked toward Austin and suddenly picked up a broom nearby. "Austin, I'm telling you, don't even think about bullying Nara again. I'm going to protect her today! You better leave. Otherwise… Otherwise, I won't be so civil anymore!" 
Austin took a step forward. "And what are you going to do to me?" 
This action frightened Gary so much that his grip weakened, and the broom fell to the ground. He crouched down, trembling, and covered his head. "Don't hit me! Please don't hit me!" 
Seeing this, Austin scoffed and directly addressed Gary. "I'm not here to bully Nara today, and I won't bully her in the future, either." 
Gary looked up in disbelief. "How is that possible? Do you think I would believe what you said?" 
Austin took a deep breath and said, "Do you know what my relationship with Nara is?"
###Chapter 509
509 Chapter 508 
"What is it?" 
Startled, Gary looked at Austin in bewilderment and then glanced back at Nara. 
Austin was about to say, "She is my..." 
"Ahhhh!" 
Before he could finish, Nara suddenly snatched the broom and swung it at Austin. 
Her eyes were bloodshot as she stared at Austin. 
Seeing how natural Gary's reaction was, one knew Austin must have bullied him often, or else the simple act of taking a step forward wouldn't have frightened Gary so much. 
Nara looked at Austin with resentment. 
Scenes of being humiliated by him flashed through her mind... 
In the hospital, he forced her to apologize to Jackson... 
On the roof of the hospital building, he forced her to jump... 
He was no longer the brother who used to protect her when they were little; he had become a bad person! 
She did not want such a brother! 
As for the Gill family, she had no intention of acknowledging them! 
Nara's sudden outburst stunned everyone. 
Even Austin stood still and didn't move. 
He knew he had done too many bad things, so it was normal for his sister to vent her anger. He shouldn't resist. He should bear it. 
All the faults were his. 
Austin silently stood in place, turning his side toward Nara, enduring her strikes one after another. 
Seeing that he didn't dodge, Nara struck with even more force. 
She thought of the words Gary had just said... and she was enraged. 
Her brother even meddled with Miss "Keera's" elder brother and sister-in-law's relationship... How could there be such a bad person in the world? 
Why did such a lousy person have to be her brother... 
Her tears fell in large drops. 
Having only recently recovered from a severe illness, she grew weak from all the striking. Finally, her arms felt limp, and the broom fell to the ground, her energy spent. 
Matias immediately held her. 
Austin also looked at her with concern. He took a step forward, about to say something, when Matias said, "Can you leave? Nara has just recovered from a major illness and can't get excited right now! Are you trying to kill her?" 
Hearing this, Austin immediately froze in his tracks. 
He looked pleadingly at Nara but saw his sister wasn't looking at him at all. She was leaning into Matias's arms, her chest heaving, her small face pale with anger. 
Austin clenched his jaw. 
The pain from the beating on his body was nothing compared to the pain in his heart at that moment. 
If it were possible—if there was a time machine—he would do whatever it took to go back to the past, to the time when he'd helped Jackson bully his sister and stop himself. 
Austin clenched his fists. 
Keira didn't approach them all this while. Seeing the situation, she stepped forward. "You should go now. Let Nara rest." 
All the strength seemed to drain from Austin's body. He lowered his head and, after a long pause, said, "I'll come back." 
He turned and left. 
He wouldn't give up on his sister... He must make an effort to gain Nara's forgiveness! 
Once Austin had gone, Gary looked at Nara incredulously. "Nara, how could you hit Austin? It's over, it's all over! The last thing he said was he would come back. Is he going to bring people to retaliate? No, I need to think of something. I'm going back to call my mother to help you!" 
Having said that, he ran off. 
Matias called after him. "Hey, don't run. It's not like that, it's..." 
But Gary didn't hear him at all and had already disappeared at the entrance of the alley. 
Matias took Nara into the room. 
With her eyes rimmed red, Nara held Keira's hand, using sign language that Matias helped translate. "I'm sorry. He even affected your elder brother and sister-in-law's relationship..." 
Keira couldn't help but chuckle when she heard this. She sighed and patted Nara's head. "What do you have to be sorry for? Actually, what he said didn't have the biggest impact on my elder brother and sister-in-law. If my brother had always trusted my sister-in-law, no matter how others tried to cause a rift, it wouldn't have succeeded. Ultimately, the problem between them is lack of trust." 
Upon hearing this, Nara finally relaxed. 
Keira saw that Nara had calmed down a bit, so she said, "You should have some rest. Don't overthink about other things. You're still very weak. Actually, you should be in the hospital." 
Nara just waved her hand and lowered her gaze. 
Matias explained on her behalf. "My sister doesn't want to see Lady Gill and Austin, and she doesn't want to spend their money to stay in the hospital, so she came back. I've already asked the doctor, and he said that my sister doesn't have any serious issues now, only that she needs to rest well…" 
Keira just nodded. 
Matias then said, "Let me walk you out!" 
Keira looked toward Nara. Seeing that Nara was already in bed, Keira didn't plan to stay any longer. 
She stood up and walked outside. 
After they left the room, Matias let out a deep sigh. "Who would have thought that Nara is the daughter that the Gill family has lost for so many years? For Nara, this is indeed too much to accept! After all, she was bullied so miserably…" 
Keira nodded. 
When they arrived at the alley's entrance, Keira and Matias saw Austin, who was standing not far away. 
Matias frowned. "He's quite stubborn." 
Keira said, "My family also has a stubborn one. When people like them do evil deeds, they don't think things through. My brother is desperately asking for his wife's forgiveness, while Austin is doing the same thing with his sister... Forget it. Let them be." 
Matias nodded in agreement. 
After seeing Keira off, Matias limped to the market for some groceries. 
They had been in the hospital for so long that there was no food left at home. 
Austin, however, was silently watching the entrance of the alley from a distance. 
He hadn't treated his wounds. Instead, he just stood there quietly, letting out a sigh. 
After a short while, he suddenly caught sight of a woman hurriedly entering the alley. Wasn't that Gary's Mother? 
Austin was slightly startled when he noticed her pale complexion and immediately followed her. 
… 
Nara was very sad. Lying on her bed, she was unable to sleep for a long time. She was tormented. 
As she was struggling with her thoughts, suddenly, there came a loud knocking at the door. 
Her brother had gone out to see "Keera" off and wasn't home. 
She struggled to get up from the bed, walked to the door, and opened it. 
As soon as the door was unlocked, it was rudely pushed open, forcing Nara to step back. 
Nara was stunned for a moment. When she composed her expression, she saw a middle-aged woman stride in. 
The woman was dressed lavishly, adorned with pearl jewelry that radiated wealth and luxury. 
Upon entering, her eyes fell on Nara, and she immediately asked sharply, "Are you Nara?" 
Nara nodded in bewilderment. 
The lady scoffed coldly. "Indeed, you have a pitiful look that could attract sympathy! No wonder you could bewitch Gary to stand up to Austin! You're such a seductress!" 
Nara was taken aback. 
She immediately waved her hands, trying to explain something, but found herself unable to speak. She picked up a paper and pen and wrote, "You're mistaken. I haven't done anything, and Gary has been misled as well. Things aren't as they seem." 
"Not as they seem? Then what are they like? If not because of you, would Gary have confronted Austin? Would Gary have come home and asked me to stand up for you? He even wanted me to approach Lady Gill to mediate the issue, asking the Gill family to spare you! Little slut, what exactly have you done to offend the Gill family?" 
Nara was taken aback. 
She looked at Gary's mother with astonishment. 
Unaware of her own mistake, Gary's mother continued to scold Nara. "Look at yourself. You're living in this rundown slum, a trashy house, and you still want to seduce my son! You're a mute, not a normal person! Are you just relying on that pitiful look to gain men's sympathy? Do you think you deserve my son's marriage proposal?!" 
Nara was dumbfounded, shocked by Gary's mother's words. 
Gary's mother went on. "I came here to tell you: forget about it. My son will never marry you! Stay away from my son from now on! Did you hear me? Especially don't use my son to go against the Gill family! My family will never offend the Gill family because of you!" 
The light in Nara's eyes gradually dimmed. 
She picked up the paper and pen and gave a self-mocking smile. 
She simply wrote, "I'm not using Gary!" 
Gary's mother angrily retorted, "Then why did you make him go back and plead with me to stand up for you? Are you still saying that you're not using him?" 
Nara continued writing, "The Gill family won't take action against me anymore. Our issues have been resolved. Gary was mistaken." 
"Resolved? Do you think by jumping off a building, the Gill family's anger would be extinguished? What are you thinking? Forget it. It's not going to happen!" 
Nara took a deep breath and continued writing. "They won't come to bully me anymore because I am their long-lost biological daughter!"
###Chapter 510
510 Chapter 509 
Nara had just finished writing a sentence and was about to show it to Gary's mother when the latter knocked the notebook out of her hand and pointed at her, cursing angrily. "You can't even speak. What makes you think you're good enough for my son?" 
Nara looked at her in astonishment. 
She waved her hands frantically, her mouth opening and closing as if she wanted to say something but couldn't manage to speak. 
Gary's mother immediately stepped forward and slapped Nara across the face with a swing of her hand! 
Nara toppled to the ground. She was already frail, and now, she could taste blood in her mouth once again... 
This taste was all too familiar to Nara lately. 
Jackson and Austin had abused her. When she jumped off the rooftop, her mouth was filled with this very taste... 
Clutching her face, Nara looked at Gary's mother in shock. 
Gary's mother continued to glare at her. "Let me tell you, stop messing with my son! Stay away from him!" 
Nara was utterly dumbfounded. 
She looked helplessly at Gary's mother, wanting to say it wasn't like that... 
Between her and Gary, Gary had always been the one who took the initiative. 
Being mute, she always felt inferior and had been struggling for life since she was young, fighting to escape poverty. How would she have the time to fall in love? 
Gary courted her at university, helping her... 
She remembered that Gary looked down on her at first, thinking she didn't deserve to be the top student. Since she was mute, he wondered how she could succeed in medicine if she couldn't communicate with patients. 
But later, in the lab, Gary got frightened by a dissected mouse and vomited until he was half dead, while only Nara remained calm, undisturbed by anything. 
Since that day, Gary started following her around. 
He would always bring academic questions to her for guidance... 
She was always a loner at school, eating alone in the cafeteria and reading alone in the library... but somehow, a boy would suddenly appear across from her and talk to her. 
"Hello, is this seat taken? May I sit here?" 
"Hello, are you reading alone? There's no one next to you. May I sit here?" 
And when she was holding many books and carrying a water bottle, the boy with a bright smile would suddenly appear and take things from her hands. "Let me help you!" 
She had refused him at first. 
But Gary was like an indestructible cockroach, always showing up around her when she felt sleepy from studying or wanted to stretch during a moment of weariness... 
Nara's heart wasn't made of stone. 
She had asked him if he minded that she couldn't speak. 
Gary responded with a smile, "I've always hated those chatty girls; I find them so annoying. When I'm with you, I always find a sense of peace in my soul." 
Nara didn't know how to respond. 
Later, Gary took her hand, and when she tried to pull away, he didn't let go. "Nara, give me a chance and give yourself one too. Isn't it worth a try, at least while we're in university?" 
They had been dating for two years since then. 
With graduation looming, Gary had been talking about taking her home to meet his parents. 
Nara was very nervous, always afraid that Gary's family would disapprove... Gary said they wouldn't and even mentioned that his mother loved him very much and would like her for his sake as well... 
Until... after Gary returned home, he never went back to school. 
The two of them had been in touch recently. Gary would message her, asking how she was doing and telling her that his mother was sick and that he was taking care of her at home... 
Nara asked him if his parents had any ions. 
Gary's reply was straightforward. "My dad listens to my mom, and my mom listens to me. I told her you are mute, and she doesn't mind." 
Nara thought that his mother really didn't mind and was looking forward to meeting the latter. 
After all that had happened, Nara didn't want to burden Gary. She would lie to him, saying everything was fine and she was doing very well... 
She had been swallowing all the bitterness alone. 
What she was going through shouldn't be Gary's problem... 
But when she jumped from the rooftop, she only regretted two things: one was that she hadn't seen her brother Matias get married and bring home a sister-in-law for her. 
And the second was that she hadn't met Gary's parents yet... 
She longed for a family, longed for love... 
Tears rolled down Nara's cheeks as she clenched her fists tightly, defiantly looking at Gary's mother... 
Gary had said she didn't mind her condition... 
But now, this woman was repeatedly calling her a mute bitch... 
Gary had lied to her… 
"You little slut, what are you staring at? Why don't you just die? If the Gill family killed you, my son would be rid of your spell!" 
Gary's mother appeared very dominant, and her abusive language was relentless. 
Nara didn't want to listen... 
The future mother-in-law she had imagined was gentle and understanding... 
She covered her ears... something must have gone wrong! But what Gary's mother said next shattered all of her illusions. "Half a month ago, my son suddenly came back from school, saying he wanted to marry you, a mute. I still wondered where this little slut came from, so I pretended to be sick for half a month just to keep him at home! And what happened? 
"Just because you have an innocent face, you think you can win his sympathy. Why are you sitting there and putting on this pitiful act for everyone to see?" 
Gary's mother was almost poking Nara's face with her finger. "Little slut, you know how to seduce men with this act, right? My son is naive and got fooled by your appearance! I won't be deceived! All you want is to marry someone rich, right? Let me tell you, I don't approve of you and my son!!" 
After roaring out these words, Gary's mother looked around disdainfully, covering her nose. "Look at yourself. What sort of place do you live in? A slum? It's ugly and filthy, just like a garbage dump! You've lived here your whole life. What makes you think you have the right to climb the social ladder to my son?" 
After finishing her tirade, Gary's mother said to Nara, "Take out your phone now and send a message to my son saying you're breaking up with him! Tell him you don't like him anymore!" 
She crouched down, pulled the phone out of Nara's pocket, and handed it to her. "Send it! Say that you have never liked him! Do you hear me?" 
Nara tried hard to shake her head. 
She didn't want to end this relationship with a lie. 
Seeing this, Gary's mother pinched her furiously. "I told you to send it! If you don't, I will beat you to death! Anyway, you've offended the Gill family, so nobody is going to stand up for you!" 
Nara covered her face, dodging around as she was pinched... 
Just then, an angry voice came from outside the door. "Stop it!!"
###Chapter 511
511 Chapter 510 
When Austin saw Gary's mother enter, he followed behind her, ready to see what she was going to do with Nara. 
Now, his entire focus was on Nara, and he wanted to know everyone who came into contact with her. 
That Gary just now... 
Austin often bullied Gary in the past, and they were pretty familiar. 
Gary's mother was considered a close cousin of Lady Gill, so the two families had a relatively good relationship. 
However, the Spencer family's background wasn't comparable to the Gill family's, so Gary's mother always seemed too eager to please Lady Gill, which Austin disliked. 
He constantly bullied Gary in secret. 
He followed for a few steps but stopped as he approached Nara's home. 
He remembered how Nara had just told him to go away and the angry look on her face when she saw him, and suddenly, he didn't dare step forward or enter Nara's home. 
He feared his sister would dislike him even more and that she would get angry again because of him. 
Matias's words echoed in his mind. "If you don't want Nara to get some proper rest, then by all means, come over!" 
In the end, Austin stopped and didn't enter. 
He knew nothing of what was happening inside and was worried until he saw Gary arrive in a hurry. 
Austin eventually leaned against the wall and hung his head. 
What should he do to make his sister treat him better? 
"Stop it!" 
When Gary's voice rang out, Gary's mother was taken aback and turned her head. 
Nara also looked toward the door in shock, and tears welled in her eyes at the sight of Gary. 
Her eyes were red-rimmed. 
Gary wore gold-rimmed glasses and exuded a literary air. He had a slender frame and a gentle smile on his face. But now, he stared at his mother, so shocked that he was speechless. 
He rushed forward, stepping in front of Nara, pushing his mother away, and shouted, "Mom, what are you doing?!" 
Then he turned back and helped Nara up from the ground. 
He frantically surveyed Nara's body. "Nara, are you alright? What did Mom do to you?" 
He wanted to examine Nara, but he couldn't see anything because she was clothed... 
After Nara stood up, she waved her hand, shook her head, and said in sign language, "I'm okay." 
Only then did Gary turn to his mother. "Mom, how could you do this to Nara?! Didn't you promise me you would treat Nara well?" 
His mother tried to deny it. "I didn't do anything. Why are you so agitated?" 
Gary immediately roared. "I heard everything you did and said just now!" 
Seeing the situation, his mother knew she couldn't hide it and snorted coldly. 
Gary looked at her, feeling disappointed. "Didn't you say you wouldn't mind Nara's background?!" 
"I don't mind, but she is mute! How can I not mind? She's disabled, but you're normal. Can't you find a normal woman? In a normal family, who would allow their son to marry a mute?" 
His mother's angry voice made Gary pause for a moment. 
He looked at his mother, puzzled. "So, you weren't sick last month. You just wanted to appease me and keep me from seeing Nara?" 
His mother sighed. "Gary, just listen to me, alright? Although the Spencer family is well-off, we are nothing in Clance! If you go on to marry a mute woman with no social standing, I'll be laughed at by my peers! Do you know those people are already mocking me behind my back for always trying to ingratiate myself with Lady Gill?" 
Gary roared. "Then don't ingratiate yourself! Why do you have to please others at all costs?" 
His mother sighed again. "I'm only doing it for the Spencer family! How do you think our electronic company has survived? Without the Gill family giving us projects from time to time, we would have been destitute long ago!" 
Gary became silent. 
His mother continued to weep. "I'm doing this all for the sake of our family. How can you do this? I'm your mother. Are you going to defy me for a woman?" 
Gary stiffened. "If you don't like Nara, you could have just told me. Why pretend everything is fine on one hand and control me on the other?" 
His mother scoffed. "Don't I know you? Since you were little, haven't you always schemed to get it whenever I disapproved of something you wanted? Could I ever stop you? Gary, wake up! This mute girl isn't suitable for you!" 
She stepped forward, speaking earnestly. "You're going to take over the family business. Your wife needs to help you socialize as a lady, but she's mute. How can she help you?" 
Gary retorted. "That's not the marriage I want! I don't need that much wealth, either. The money we have is enough!" 
"What do you mean, 'enough'? The whole world is experiencing an economic crisis. In ten years or so, that money will be devalued. Do you think you can live worry-free for a lifetime? Let me tell you, I've already chosen a candidate for you! Forget about this mute girl!" 
Gary was stunned. "You've chosen one for me? Who is it?" 
His mother said. "Of course, it's Miss Gill! Lady Gill's daughter!" 
Gary scoffed. "You look down on Nara but think Lady Gill would look up to our family? Would they let their daughter marry below her status into our family?" 
His mother then said, "What do you know? I heard that the Gill family's daughter had been found, but she grew up in the slums. A good family wouldn't want her, but our family doesn't mind. They would let her marry below her status to you. Just be good to her daughter; I'll keep Lady Gill happy. Do you think Lady Gill would let her daughter suffer?" 
She said earnestly, "Gary, I'm doing this all for your good. You and that mute girl will have no future, but with Lady Gill's daughter, you'll have a bright future! I heard the Gill family feels very indebted to this daughter and plans to give her one-third of the family shares. That Austin hasn't always bullied you since you were a kid. Let me tell you, he feels the guiltiest about this sister. If you marry her, he will treat you very well in the future!" 
She stepped forward and grabbed Gary's hand. "Gary, be a good son. Come home with me, alright? Let's stay away from this mute girl. Okay?" 
But the next moment, Gary shook off her hand. "You think you're doing our family a big favor, but have you asked me what I think?" 
He stood before Nara and said to his mother, "Mom, I'm telling you, I choose Nara!"
###Chapter 512
512 Chapter 511 
Shielded behind Gary, Nara had tears in her eyes upon hearing his words as she looked at him with emotion. 
She was as innocent as a girl who had never been in love, and the idea of having to part ways with Gary filled her with distress. 
Now that Gary had resolutely chosen her, the faint hesitation that had just sprung up in her mind made her feel guilty. 
After all, if Gary was standing up to his mother for her sake, how could she possibly back down? 
Mrs. Spencer, aka Gary's mother, looked straight past Gary to Nara behind him when she heard those words. "Nara, right? Listen, young lady, since I can't reason with my son, let me talk to you! I'm asking you two to break up for your good. Think about it: you and he are simply from different worlds. He'll have to socialize with elite people when he takes over the company. What help could you possibly be? Won't he find you a burden? 
"And with your background, how could you be a match for the Spencer family? If you marry him, he'll grow tired of you sooner or later. Therefore, you should break up! Here's the deal—I'll give you some money so you can go abroad and escape the Gill family. Consider it compensation for a bright future!" 
Listening to these words, Gary looked toward Nara. 
His eyes were clear and unwavering. 
Meeting his gaze, Nara shook her head at Mrs. Spencer, stepped forward firmly, and stood by Gary's side. 
Immediately, Gary took her hand. "Mom, there's no need to try and divide us. Let me tell you, we're not breaking up! I've decided to love only Nara for the rest of my life! If I ever change my heart, if I ever let her down, may I be struck by lightning and not die a good death!" 
Nara stepped forward quickly, covering his mouth and shaking her head. 
She wouldn't let him say such things. 
Mrs. Spencer then shouted angrily, "You, you ungrateful creature! You don't take your mother into account at all! Are you trying to give me a heart attack?" 
Gasping for breath, Mrs. Spencer clutched her chest. 
However, Gary didn't back down. "Mom, believe it or not, I like Nara. That tranquil quality she has is the peaceful life I've always wanted. Everyone pursues different things. You want the Spencer family to grow bigger and richer, but all I want is to live a simple, happy life. Just to have a stable life with Nara is enough. Please stop doing this to us, okay?" 
Mrs. Spencer immediately said, "No! I've said it: I won't allow it!" 
"Even if you don't want to, you have to!" 
Gary said, "I'm not going home with you. I'm an adult now, a college graduate. I can decide on my life!" 
He said, "You can leave now. I want to be with Nara. If you don't help me make peace with the Gill family, I'll stay here to protect her!" 
Mrs. Spencer shouted in anger, "What can you protect her from? Do you not know how much of a scoundrel Austin is? Your legs turn to jelly at the sight of him, so what will you do when he comes here when you're still around?" 
Gary had always been timid, and his legs turned to jelly with fear at her words, but he stood before Nara, responding firmly, "I can take a beating with Nara together!" 
Mrs. Spencer was speechless. 
Gary looked at Nara with genuine emotion, his gaze serious and persistent, "Nara, I'll treat you well. Even if I'm useless, I won't let you face all this alone." 
Hearing his words, Nara was touched even more deeply. She immediately waved her hand, wanting to say there was no need and that Austin wouldn't hit her again... 
She wanted to say, "I'm the little princess of the Gill family..." 
But before she could speak, Mrs. Spencer suddenly clutched her chest and fell backward. She staggered a few steps and leaned against the wall. 
Gary was startled and exclaimed, "Mom!" 
Gary supported his mother and turned to Nara. "Nara, come and see what's wrong with my mom! Is she alright?" 
Nara was also panic-stricken and immediately stepped forward. 
After all, she was a doctor, and after a quick examination of Mrs. Spencer, she realized something and waved her hand at Gary, gesturing and explaining, "Your mother is fine... she's faking it..." 
Gary asked Mrs. Spencer, "Mom, you're faking it?" 
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Spencer glared at Nara fiercely and immediately turned to Gary, "Am I faking chest pain? What does this girl know? She's just a medical student! Gary, do you not care about your mother anymore?" 
Gary looked puzzled. 
But Nara shook her head and waved her hands, indicating she knew what she was talking about. 
Mrs. Spencer then started crying out again, clutching her chest. "I've worked myself into developing a heart condition for you, and this is how you treat me? Gary, I've painstakingly raised you! Do you think it's fair? Do you remember when I was bullied, and as a child, you held me and said that when you grew up, you would be successful and make me proud? Is this how you repay me? Bringing home a mute to make me the laughingstock of relatives and friends? I might as well be dead! If you want to be with this Nara, I'll die!!" 
Gary looked at her. "Mom, stop pretending... Nara was the top student in her class, and her diagnosis cannot be wrong. You don't have chest pain at all." 
Nara nodded at Gary. 
Mrs. Spencer froze, and she was furious seeing Gary trust Nara so much. 
She stared at Gary sternly and shouted, "Are you sure you won't listen to me?" 
Gary nodded. "This time, I must stand firm on my chosen path. Mom, stop pushing me. Please go home! We both need to calm down and think carefully about my future. Do I live for you or myself? Mom, after all these years comparing yourself to others, have you been happy?" 
Mrs. Spencer yelled angrily, "I'm happy! As long as it's good for you and the family, I'm happy! Gary, you've disappointed me! You must come home with me today!" 
"I said, I'm not going back..." 
Gary remained firm and resolute. 
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Spencer stood up, pushed Gary and Nara aside, and stormed into Nara's room. 
As Nara stood bewildered, not knowing what to do, Mrs. Spencer suddenly charged out. 
She held a kitchen knife she found in the house, her expression now showing traces of madness as she looked directly at Gary. 
Alarmed, Gary quickly shielded Nara behind himself, "Mom, what are you doing?" 
Mrs. Spencer sneered but did not advance with the knife. Instead, she placed it against her neck, glaring at Gary, and roared, "Tell me, do you choose her or me?! If you choose her, I'll end my life right before your eyes!!"
###Chapter 513
513 Chapter 512 
Mrs. Spencer's words left Nara and Gary stunned, both looking at her, puzzled. Gary frowned and said, "Mom, why? Why are you being so extreme? You're not going to kill yourself, right?" 
Mrs. Spencer let out a cold laugh. With a swing of her hand, the sharp knife immediately drew a small, shallow cut on her neck. 
Even Nara stepped forward in shock, let alone Gary, who cried out in surprise. 
Nara waved her hands in shock, shaking her head vigorously. She was in absolute terror. 
Mrs. Spencer, however, stepped back and roared, "Don't come any closer! Come any closer, and I'll die right before your eyes!!" 
After she said those words, both Gary and Nara were too frightened to approach. 
Mrs. Spencer stared at Gary and slowly said, "I've always been strong-willed. I raised you, my only son, not for you to slave away for a mute! Gary, I'm asking you, are you breaking up with her or not?!" 
Gary's eyes widened in shock as he looked at Mrs. Spencer. Nara was also taken aback, frozen in place. Gary clenched his fists. "Mom, please don't do this. Let's talk this out, okay? Please don't..." 
But Mrs. Spencer roared with anger, "I tried to talk to you nicely, but you don't listen to me. Gary, this is all your doing! You're young now and don't understand the difficulties and inconveniences of living with a mute! I gave birth to you healthy, not to have you take care of someone else... I don't want your future life to be dragged down by a mute! Am I wrong?" 
Gary shook his head. "You're not wrong. It was my fault, Mom. I've let you down. Please put the knife down, and let's talk, okay?" 
"I can't seem to get through to you anymore; you've grown up and don't listen to me. As for your college major, I will let you choose whatever you like. Our family does electronics, and you didn't pick that; you wanted to do medicine, so I let that go, too. But marriage is for a lifetime! I can't let you be reckless! You must listen to me on this!" 
Mrs. Spencer's words almost drove Gary to the brink of collapse. 
Suddenly, Gary stepped forward and fell to his knees before Mrs. Spencer. "Mom, I beg you! Please put the knife down. Don't force me, okay?" 
Mrs. Spencer said, "I'm forcing you for your good! I will ask you one last time: Are you breaking up with Nara?" 
Gary looked at her in agony. 
Nara waved her hands in panic, rushed forward, and motioned for Gary to give her up. 
She didn't want to carry the burden on her conscience, something she couldn't bear! 
But Gary shook his head. "No, Nara, I can't give up on you!" 
Nara kept gesturing for him to break up with her. 
Gary firmly grasped her hand. 
Nara struggled hard, trying to push him away, but Gary was too strong, and she, having just recovered from a severe illness, couldn't break free. 
At that moment, Gary's mother roared, "If you choose her, I'll die for you to see! I mean what I say!!" 
After she spoke, her hand moved forcefully, and the knife went deeper. More blood flowed down, and Gary cried out in shock, "Mom, no!" 
He released Nara's hand. Still kneeling, he moved to Mrs. Spencer's side and threw his arms around her legs. "Mom, let go! Forgive yourself! Don't do this!" 
Nara, looking at her hand, felt an emptiness inside. 
She turned her head, looking toward Mrs. Spencer, and realized she had lost this game. 
No son could watch his mother die in front of him... 
Nara let out a bitter smile. 
Mrs. Spencer looked at Gary fiercely, "Are you breaking up or not?" 
The blood on her neck slowly trickled down, and Gary immediately said, "Yes! I'll break up with her! Please, don't do this, I beg you!" 
Mrs. Spencer, however, still didn't let go. Instead, she looked at Gary again. "Then I want you to promise me you'll go on a blind date with Lady Gill's daughter. Do you agree?" 
Looking at the stream of blood from her neck, Gary dared not hesitate any longer. "I agree, I agree!" 
It was then that Mrs. Spencer finally released her grip. 
The knife clanged to the floor, and Mrs. Spencer stared at Nara with the attitude of a victor. "I just asked you to break up peacefully, and you refused. Now, don't blame me! Gary, come home with me!" 
Gary looked toward Nara. 
Nara's eyes were full of tears. 
Gary's eyes were also filled with tears... 
Suddenly, with a bang, he knelt before Mrs. Spencer again. "Mom, I love Nara, I really do. Can't you stop forcing me?!" 
Mrs. Spencer retorted, "I'm not forcing you. You've been forcing me! I'll never agree to you marrying her!" 
Gary collapsed to the ground. 
He looked at Nara in agony. 
But Nara was signaling something with her hands. Understanding Gary's pain, she didn't want him to make a choice... 
She desperately tried to tell Gary, "I'm Nara Gill. I am the lost daughter of the Gill family…" 
Yet, Gary could only understand a few common words in her sign language. With more complicated sentences, he couldn't understand at all... 
Nara's usual communication at school was either by writing in a notebook or texting on a phone. 
Seeing him looking at her blankly, Nara started to search the yard for the notebook and pen that Mrs. Spencer had kicked away... 
Seeing this, Mrs. Spencer immediately shouted, "Gary, come home with me, or else I have a hundred ways to die in front of you!" 
Gary slowly stood up from the ground. 
He looked at Nara, then suddenly bowed deeply to her. 
His face was covered in tears, and he felt defeated as he said, "Nara, I'm sorry…" 
He turned to walk away. 
Nara immediately grabbed his hand, once again using hand signs, "I'm the daughter of the Gill family. I'm Miss Gill!" 
Unfortunately, Gary couldn't understand at all... 
He stared blankly at Nara. 
Mrs. Spencer had already rushed over to them. She was pressing one hand against the wound on her neck with blood oozing through her fingers, and with the free hand, she pushed Nara away. "My son is leaving you! What else do you want?!" 
With that push, Nara took a step back. 
Gary looked at her with distress but was grabbed by his mother. "Come with me!" 
Nara fell to the ground but managed to find the piece of paper that had fallen out of her hands, and then she read the words she had written for Mrs. Spencer. "They won't bully me anymore because I'm their long-lost biological daughter!" 
Upon reading this sentence, Nara's eyes lit up with excitement. She picked up the paper and then rushed in front of Gary and Mrs. Spencer, holding it up for them to see! 
"Gary, I'm the daughter of the Gill family! 
"We don't have to break up!"
###Chapter 514
514 Chapter 513 
Gary turned his head to look at the slip of paper in Nara's hand. 
But before he could see it, Mrs. Spencer pushed Nara away. "You mute, stop pestering my son! Stay away from him! He's going to marry Miss Gill!" 
Pushed back a couple of steps, Nara stood there dumbfounded, unable to utter a word. 
All she could do was watch helplessly as Gary was led away by Mrs. Spencer, her eyes reddening with reluctance and sorrow. She was too weak to stand still. 
After Gary and Mrs. Spencer left, Nara's vision blurred, and she collapsed to the ground. 
... 
Once Gary had left the area of small houses, his expression became sad. His face was filled with reluctance. He would take a few steps and then look back. 
Mrs. Spencer said, "Don't look back anymore. Let her become your old flame. Son, I'm doing this for your good. A mute is quite inconvenient in daily life. If you break up now, you'll remember her good qualities. Otherwise, your life together would be a mess." 
Gary said, "Mom, it won't be like that. Nara and I are perfect together." 
Mrs. Spencer snapped, "How can it not be? Listen to me, and you won't make mistakes! Also, get ready; I'm taking you to meet Miss Gill tomorrow!" 
Gary was about to when Mrs. Spencer said, "If you don't go, I'll just kill myself!" 
Mrs. Spencer was indeed ruthless. 
Even now, Gary remembered that as a child, during an argument between his parents, his mother threatened to jump from the building, and she did jump. 
From the height of the third floor, she was lucky to be obstructed by something on the way down, or else she would have died. 
After that, his father didn't dare to provoke her anymore. 
She dictated every decision in the house... 
At this moment, Gary profoundly understood the helplessness his father had felt back then... 
... 
After escorting Keira away, Matias went to buy groceries. 
When passing by the alley's entrance, he saw Austin, who was carrying a thermos. He stepped forward and forcefully placed it in Matias's hand. 
Matias frowned. "What are you doing? We don't need it!" 
Austin sneered, "I know you're too proud to eat my food. But what about Nara? She's weak and needs nourishment; just say you bought it..." 
Matias wanted to say something else, but his gaze fell on his purchased vegetables. 
Others might not believe they were living so poorly in Clance, struggling even to afford meat... 
Thinking of Nara's pale face, Matias clenched his jaw and didn't insist on returning the thermos. 
Austin leaned against the wall. "You don't have to say it's from me. I'll come and deliver food every day. You just need to tell her... that you made it." 
Matias sighed. "Alright. I just hope you don't always appear in front of Nara, disturbing her mood." 
"I know." 
After saying this, Austin turned and walked away. 
Matias asked, "Where are you going?" 
Austin answered, "I'm going to check on how to make croissants. Nara used to love eating that. I'll wait for you here at seven in the morning." 
Matias didn't know what to say. 
Austin used to be such a nasty and trashy person, but the Austin of now suddenly seemed less detestable. 
Matias shook his head helplessly, carrying the thermos into the yard, only to see Nara on the ground. He was startled and quickly helped her up. "Nara, what happened to you?" 
Nara came to her senses bewilderedly, and seeing Matias, she wanted to cry. She attempted to gesture something but then stopped herself. 
She knew that both Matias and Austin were good to her. If they found out that Gary chose his mother over her under pressure, they might resent Gary... 
Therefore, Nara only pondered briefly before signaling, "It's fine. I just went out to the bathroom and fainted from exhaustion." 
Matias immediately carried her into the room, and after tucking her in, he turned to look at the thermos. 
He was useless... 
Nara needed nourishment but had no money and still needed aid from Austin... 
He gave a bitter smile, picked up the thermos, entered the kitchen, and poured its contents into a bowl. After a while, he brought the bowl back into the room. 
Inside was chicken soup, which was easy to digest and nutritious. 
But Nara ate absentmindedly, her thoughts on how Gary was doing. 
She wanted to text Gary, but just as she found her phone, she discovered that Mrs. Spencer had smashed it. 
If she used her brother's phone, her brother would find out... 
Nara decided to wait until her phone was fixed before contacting Gary. 
... 
The next day. 
At the Spencer residence. 
Mrs. Spencer was on the couch talking on the phone with tears. "You have no idea how enticing that mute girl is. My son Gary is completely bewitched by her! Alas! 
"Luckily, Gary still recognizes me as his mother. But the advice you gave me was excellent. As soon as I took up the kitchen knife and threatened him, he immediately obeyed! 
"That's not to say I was threatening him. If Gary really wouldn't listen, I could indeed die right in front of him! The son I raised, why should he end up with that mute? 
"Right, I'm taking Gary to meet Miss Gill today to set up this marriage. He should forget that mute girl once he has a new girlfriend!" 
Having said this, Mrs. Spencer hung up the phone, went straight upstairs, and tried to open Gary's bedroom door, only to find it locked inside. 
Mrs. Spencer banged on the door furiously, "Open up! Gary, open the door. Do you want me to climb in from outside? Fine. If you are not afraid I'll fall, then I'll climb!" 
With these words, the door opened. 
Gary looked haggard, with heavy dark circles under his eyes, clearly not having slept all night. 
Mrs. Spencer blurted out, "Don't look like your mother just died. I'm taking you to the Gill family to show you how much they value Miss Gill and what a wealthy life you'll have in the future!" 
Gary was like a puppet on a string, devoid of his own thoughts. 
He and Mrs. Spencer went downstairs, got in the car, and soon arrived at the Gill residence. 
When Mrs. Spencer tactfully brought up the matter to Lady Gill, the latter frowned and stared at Gary for a while. 
She knew that Mrs. Spencer felt her daughter, having grown up outside, was not a match for those from wealthy and noble families. 
Lady Gill, on the other hand, didn't see it that way. 
With herself at the helm and three older brothers to dote on Nara, as long as the suitor wasn't blind or heartless, he would treat Nara well. 
After all, her daughter's status was clear for all to see. 
But then Lady Gill thought about Nara being mute... 
She momentarily pondered, glanced at Gary again, and felt he might be suitable... 
Gary was, after all, someone Lady Gill had watched grow up. He was honest, conscientious, and not one to play tricks. 
Although the Spencer family's social status was much lower than theirs, that was not an issue. With the support of the Gill family, the Spencer family wouldn't flounder, especially since one-third of the Gill family's fortune was to be given to their daughter... 
With this in mind, Lady Gill lowered her gaze. "That's fine; the two children can get to know each other. How about this: Send me a photo of Gary, and I will send one to my daughter. I'll also show you a picture of her. Let the young people see if they are compatible." 
As she spoke, Lady Gill picked up her phone and opened a photo of Nara.
###Chapter 515
515 Chapter 514 
The photo was secretly taken by Lady Gill. 
It was when Nara was in the hospital. When Lady Gill visited Nara, the girl wouldn't see her, so she secretly took a picture with her phone outside the door. 
At that time, Nara sat on the hospital bed with her head wrapped in bandages. She was looking outside. 
She appeared gentle and sweet. 
Lady Gill thought the photo looked quite lovely, so she handed it to Mrs. Spencer, "My daughter is lovely, and although she didn't grow up in the Gill family, she's still a kind and good child. There's just one flaw..." 
Mrs. Spencer craned her neck, laughing. "What flaw could Miss Gill have? Even if she did, we wouldn't mind. If she had no flaws, Gary wouldn't deserve such luck. We are fine as long as she isn't missing an arm or a leg!" 
After saying this, she suddenly realized something and quickly corrected herself. "Gosh, look at what I'm saying. Even if she were missing an arm or a leg, it would still be fine! Miss Gill isn't someone our family can criticize. I'll send you a photo of Gary for Miss Gill to see... Then let's set a time to meet!" 
When Lady Gill heard this, her hand paused slightly, and she frowned. 
She had only considered Gary suitable but had forgotten about this cousin from the Spencer family. 
Gary's mother was vain and humble to those with power and wealth yet haughty toward those of lower status. 
Could such a person be sincere and kind to her daughter in the future? 
Nara couldn't speak. Her suffering couldn't be voiced. 
She was too soft and pliable and likely to be bullied by others. 
Lady Gill withdrew her phone, her tone cooling. "Alright, I'll ask her about it first." 
Mrs. Spencer was eager to see the photo of Miss Gill, but she sensed Lady Gill's aloofness and immediately chuckled awkwardly. "You know Gary. He's good-natured and uncomplicated. If Miss Gill were to be with Gary, I wouldn't interfere with their married life!" 
She then added. "By the way, you and your daughter haven't seen each other for a long time. You must want some quality time with her! If she marries Gary, they should live at the Gill mansion after the marriage! Honestly, I find Gary a nuisance, so you'll probably have to keep an eye on them!" 
Upon hearing this, Lady Gill regained her enthusiasm. 
Living in the Gill mansion after marriage? 
That was indeed a good option for Nara! 
A broader smile spread across Lady Gill's face. "Okay, I'll ask my daughter for her opinion. I just remembered that she and Gary attended the same university. That's quite a coincidence!" 
Mrs. Spencer relaxed considerably upon hearing this. 
The two of them resumed chatting about other things. At one point, they noticed the household staff bustling in and out of the kitchen, and Mrs. Spencer grew curious. "What's happening?" 
Lady Gill sighed. "It's my boy, Austin. I don't know what got into him. He decided to cook this morning and nearly blew up the kitchen." 
Mrs. Spencer laughed, "Mr. Austin was never meant for labor..." 
... 
Keira didn't know the matters between the Spencer and Gill families. 
She was at the South residence, making a phone call to Scott Martin. 
Scott sounded aggrieved with his poor grasp of Creran, "...In Crera, I've been on quite a few blind dates now!" 
Keira inquired, "And then?" 
Scott sighed, "They like to ask about my job a lot. I say I sell houses! They seem to look down on me a bit..." 
Keira twitched a corner of her mouth. 
The aggrieved tone continued. "Then they ask if I can buy them luxury goods, and I say I have to sell a house before I can afford it. They get angry and leave, saying selling a house just to afford a luxury item is pathetic. I don't understand. Without selling houses, where does my family's money come from? Why do they look down on me so much?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She was almost rolling her eyes. 
Selling houses and being a real estate tycoon were different, okay? 
She took a deep breath. "They probably have poor taste, I guess." 
"I think so too. By the way, I've heard a song recently that's pretty catchy, but the lyrics are so strange." 
"What is it?" 
"Thirty percent fake order, seventy percent true homework... What does that even mean?" 
"...Is it possible that the lyrics are 'Thirty percent fate ordained, seventy percent through hard work'?" 
"Really? Is that so?" 
Keira took a deep breath. "Mr. Martin, I have something else to attend to. Can we maybe talk another time?" 
"Sure, we'll chat more after you finish your things." 
Scott hung up. 
Keira rubbed her temples and looked up to see Lewis with a dark expression. 
Keira couldn't help but comment, "With such a simple-minded person, is the family behind him really that powerful?" 
She had figured it out a long time ago. 
The South family's tasks concerned maintaining good relations with all the major forces. 
Although she didn't understand why, the arranged marriage with Scott Martin was probably the South family's way of wanting her to cooperate with the Martin family and maintain close ties. 
Therefore, this task wasn't challenging to complete. 
Find an unbreakable relationship to bind with Scott Martin, and this relationship didn't necessarily have to be marriage. 
Keira took the initiative to approach Scott to see what he lacked and enter from a different angle. 
But Scott seemed to be a simple-minded expatriate expanding his business in Crera. Why should she invest so much effort in him? 
Just then, Keira's phone rang when a message came in. It was from that number again. "Scott Martin has a fondness for you. He'll surely engage with you with just a wave of your hand. What are you hesitating for?" 
Keira sneered upon seeing the message. 
She replied, "I know why you want me to marry him. I have my way." 
The other party quickly sent a message. "It seems you're not that eager to save your mother... Let me tell you, your mom can't wait for you to rescue her! Your crisis has already arrived!" 
Keira was slightly taken aback and replied, "What do you mean?" 
The other party wrote, "Just a friendly reminder, the Fox has already contacted Crera to target you! If you don't complete the marriage with Scott Martin quickly to secure him, it'll be even harder to accomplish the ultimate task later!" 
Keira sent another message. "Who is the Fox?" 
The other party wrote, "Sheep, these are all the hints I can give. The Fox's purpose in coming to Crera is to disrupt your tasks and make you lose the qualification to return to the South family! Don't think that tasks you've completed will stay completed. Marrying Scott Martin quickly is the easiest and most convenient way! Our conversation ends here. I won't give you any more hints!" 
Keira realized that the hints from the other side had ended. 
She frowned, took a deep breath, and then looked at Lewis, "The Fox is trying to disrupt my completed tasks. My completed tasks include getting Mary and Ellis married. They are currently in the process of divorcing. Still, this person didn't hint at the failure of the first task, which indicates, as we speculated, that the South family had me complete the first task to draw the five great families of Clance closer together. So, as long as the second task is ensured to be complete, the first one can be ignored... Therefore, the goal of the Fox is to disrupt my collaboration with the five great families?" 
Keira counted on her fingers, enumerating, "There's no need to worry about the Allen family; Frankie, Rebecca, and their parents trust me unconditionally. The Davis family has a deep collaboration with my new energy project, which isn't easily broken, and the Freeman Sect surely won't abandon me... The Olsen family is fine as well. So, the Fox's target is... the Gill family?" 
The Gill family initially had a tense relationship with her, reaching a point where collaboration seemed impossible. At one point, Keira thought she couldn't complete the task. 
If it weren't for Nara's unique status, she probably wouldn't have turned foes into friends with Lady Gill... 
Nara... 
Keira suddenly stood up. "We should check on Nara! Something might have happened to her!" 
Lewis immediately nodded, stood up, and hurried out with her.
###Chapter 516
516 Chapter 515 
Keira and Lewis drove quickly to the small alley where Matias and Nara lived. 
The car was still parked outside. 
The two hurried into the house, only to see Matias making soup in the kitchen. 
Keira immediately asked, "Where is Nara?" 
Matias said, "Nara went to the Gill residence." 
Keira was stunned. "What?" 
Matias said, "Nara said she had something to discuss with Lady Gill, so she went there. Keera, why have you come? Is there something wrong?" 
Keira frowned. 
It would be simple if the Fox wanted to sabotage her cooperation with the Gill family. If anything happened to Nara, that would be enough. 
Even though Keira shouldn't be held accountable if something happened to Nara, considering the paranoid extent of Austin and Lady Gill, Keira couldn't rule out the possibility of being implicated herself. 
The collaboration between Nora Research Institute and the Gill family was ultimately something they could forsake. 
After all, only Nara was of utmost importance to Lady Gill and Austin. 
Keira thought something would happen to Nara, but she didn't expect Nara to take the initiative to go to the Gill residence. 
Keira asked, "Why did Nara go to see the Gills?" 
Matias said, "I'm not sure. She wouldn't tell me." 
Keira frowned, then glanced at Lewis, and the two decided to check on the Gill residence. 
... 
At this moment, Mrs. Spencer was heading out after finishing the conversation with Lady Gill. 
When she and Gary walked toward the parking area, she glanced at Gary and felt slightly sad. 
She silently sighed, then suddenly leaned closer to Gary. "Son, I'm doing this for your good. Please don't blame me! When you're older, you'll understand my good intentions." 
Gary hung his head, silent, exuding a gloomy aura. 
He clenched his fists tightly. "Mom, I can't bear to be without Nara. I really, really like her." 
He looked at Mrs. Spencer. "Must I leave her?" 
Mrs. Spencer frowned. "Stop nagging me about this. In everything else, I can give in, but not on this matter!" 
She looked at Gary. "Drop this fantasy! You and that Nara, it's impossible!" 
Having said that, she walked ahead with large strides. 
Gary's head drooped once more as if his soul had been extracted, leaving behind only a walking corpse. 
He followed Mrs. Spencer to the parking lot and got into the car. 
Once the car started and left the gate, he looked outside... 
He didn't want to have any more interaction with Mrs. Spencer. 
But just as the car was about to exit the gate, he suddenly caught a glimpse of that familiar figure... 
Gary immediately shouted, "Stop the car!" 
Mrs. Spencer followed his gaze, commanding the driver. "Don't you stop!" 
"If you don't stop, I'll jump out!" 
The doors weren't yet locked since the car had just started and wasn't going fast. Gary opened the car door. 
Mrs. Spencer was instantly alarmed. "Stop the car right now!" 
The car screeched to a halt, and Gary immediately jumped out and ran up to Nara. "Nara, why are you here?" 
Nara took out a notebook to write. "I'm here to see Lady Gill…" 
But before she could finish writing, Mrs. Spencer grabbed her hand, and Nara turned her head just as Mrs. Spencer's palm landed harshly on her face! 
Mrs. Spencer glared at her angrily, "Why are you bothering my son again? You little slut, why are you so disgraceful? Can't you live without a man? My son already said he broke up with you!" 
Gary pushed Mrs. Spencer away and shielded Nara behind him. "Mom, why do you have to hit her?" 
"Why do I have to hit her?" Mrs. Spencer stepped forward, bringing her face close to Gary's. "What does it matter if I hit her? Do you want to hit me back? Fine, you do it for her! Come, hit me here!" 
Gary got increasingly frustrated by her antics. "Mom, enough! How could I possibly hit you?!" 
Mrs. Spencer snorted. "Then why are you questioning me?" 
She grabbed Gary's arm and pushed him aside, then faced Nara. "Let me tell you. You see? My son is here today to meet Miss Gill! Lady Gill has already given in, and Miss Gill is also very satisfied with my son, so just give up on him!" 
Nara was stunned when she heard this. 
Miss Gill was also satisfied? 
But she had never said that! 
She raised her hand, wanting to gesture some explanation. She hoped they could go with her to the Gill residence for clarification, but Mrs. Spencer wouldn't listen to her and just sneered. "However, the fact that a mute like you dares to come to the Gill residence shows you've got guts. Aren't you scared at all? 
"Oh, I get it now. You must have seen us coming here. So you want to ask me to plead with the Gill family on your behalf?" 
Nara shook her head and waved her hands in denial. 
Seeing her frail figure, Gary couldn't help but say, "Mom! If you can help Nara, please do! I promise, if you help her, I'll do as you say!" 
Mrs. Spencer immediately looked at him. "If I plead for Nara, and she's helped, you'll agree to break up with her and marry Miss Gill?" 
Gary was taken aback. 
Meanwhile, Nara waved her hands frantically, shaking her head, trying to communicate the truth to Gary. 
Gary looked at his beloved girl, recalling the serene moments he had seen her at school, and suddenly, he burst into tears. "Nara, I like you... I've even designed a master bedroom for you in our house, thinking my mom could accept you..." 
Seeing him cry, Nara anxiously reached out to wipe his tears, her tears falling freely. 
She felt the same way... 
She had never been moved by another man like this. 
Gary continued. "I can't bear to watch you get mistreated anymore. I'm sorry... I love you..." 
After saying that, he suddenly hugged Nara tightly. 
But it was only a moment before he let go of her and pushed her away. 
Then, wiping away his tears, he turned to Mrs. Spencer, clenched his fists tightly, and it took him a while before he could speak. "Mom, I promise you. If you help Nara, I'll break up with her and be with Miss Gill..." 
Mrs. Spencer was taken aback when hearing this. 
She looked at her son. 
In the end, she sighed. "Fine, I'll take you back inside and say a few good words to Lady Gill for her! Once it's done, you'll take her away! Send her out of Clance and make sure she never comes back!" 
Gary nodded and looked at Nara. 
Unable to speak, Nara anxiously gestured the whole time, but when she saw they were going to Lady Gill, she breathed a sigh of relief and nodded. 
Once she saw Lady Gill, everything could be explained! 
As Mrs. Spencer and Gary headed toward the Gill residence, Nara followed them. 
Mrs. Spencer frowned at her. "You wait outside. I'll go in and see Lady Gill! The Gill family might not even let you through the door—you'll be an eyesore in their place!"
###Chapter 517
517 Chapter 516 
Gary and Nara stood outside the door and nodded to Mrs. Spencer. 
Mrs. Spencer marched forward and looked back to see Gary standing next to Nara, wiping away tears. 
Nara gestured to him, seeming to say, "Don't cry." 
But Gary cried harder, and Nara let out a slight sigh. 
Gary had always appeared gentle and mild-mannered, but now he seemed so pained and distressed that he seemed to have lost the most important thing in his life. 
Mrs. Spencer's heart, for some reason, suddenly softened. 
Ever since Gary was little, she had doted on him, buying him anything he wanted as long as the family could afford it. 
When he wanted to play games, if he persuaded her, she would indulge him too. 
Thankfully, Gary had always been restrained and successfully got into university. 
Over the years, he had rarely asked for anything from her. 
To be honest, seeing him like this now, Mrs. Spencer felt that her son lacked backbone because he was captivated by a woman. 
Yet when her son obeyed her, she felt a pang of heartache. 
Mrs. Spencer looked at Nara again, only to see her taking a piece of paper from her bag and then looking anxiously toward her. That expression hardly showed any sadness at being forced to break up; it seemed as if she was more eager to meet Lady Gill. 
Jealousy suddenly started to bubble in Mrs. Spencer's chest. 
Her son had given so much for this mute girl, and now he was heartbroken, seemingly unable to move on. 
But what about this mute girl? 
Didn't she have any attachment to her son at all?! 
A sudden burst of anger welled up in Mrs. Spencer's chest. How could Nara do this? 
She had helped this mute girl solve a problem, and then what? Nara would rise high and fly far away, while Gary might end up hating his mother for the rest of his life! 
Thinking of this, Mrs. Spencer took out her phone and dialed a number, "…I just have to talk to someone! That girl is so scheming. My good friend, I can't believe a young woman played me!" 
The person on the other end said, "That is too much. The key is, if you just let this girl go, your son will hate you forever, won't he? One can never get over their old flame, alas…" 
Upon hearing this, Mrs. Spencer paused momentarily. 
Old flame… 
Her eyes suddenly lit up, and she stopped in her tracks. "I've thought of a great idea, thanks to you!" 
She hung up and turned around, approaching Nara and Gary. 
Gary was startled. "Mom? What's wrong?" 
Nara was also puzzled. 
Didn't Mrs. Spencer want to help her meet Lady Gill anymore? 
If so, she would find Lady Gill herself. 
She took out Matias's phone, which had her earlier chat history with Lady Gill. 
Nara wrote, "This is Nara. There's something I'd like to talk to you about. Can we meet?" 
Lady Gill wrote, "I'll come see you immediately." 
Nara wrote, "No need. I'll come to you. Don't come to my place." 
Lady Gill wrote, "Then I'll send a car to pick you up." 
Nara wrote, "Don't bother. I'll take the bus." 
Lady Gill wrote, "Alright, alright, just come. Could you stay for lunch?" 
Nara didn't reply anymore. 
After that, all the messages were sent by Lady Gill, asking almost every five minutes. 
Lady Gill wrote, "Barbara, are you almost there?" 
"Barbara, I made your roast ribs for lunch. It used to be your favorite." 
"Barbara, I've told Austin to stay away. You won't see him when you come. Will you have lunch with me?" 
"Barbara, haven't you arrived yet?" 
"Barbara, I will meet you at the front gate." 
The last message had just been sent. 
This meant that Lady Gill would be here soon, and Nara just needed to wait. 
While Nara was waiting, Mrs. Spencer suddenly approached her and challenged her, "Do you love Gary?" 
Nara was slightly startled, but her eyes brightened immediately as she nodded. 
Of course, she had feelings for Gary. 
Who wouldn't like such a gentle and kind man? 
However, Mrs. Spencer scoffed. "But how come I can't see your affection? My son has become so haggard because of you. And what about you? You don't seem worried at all." 
Nara looked at Gary and tried to write down her explanation. "It's because..." 
She had only written a few words when Mrs. Spencer stopped her. "You don't need to explain anything. Let me ask you, if you love my son so much, and I'm also willing to help you by speaking to Lady Gill on your behalf, then can you do something for my son?" 
Nara was startled, then immediately nodded. 
Of course she would! 
Although Gary was too soft and couldn't say no to his mother, she and Gary truly loved each other... 
Gary stepped forward. "Mom, why are you making things difficult for Nara again?" 
"I'm not making things difficult for her. I'm doing this for your own good!" 
Mrs. Spencer glared at Gary and then turned her gaze back to Nara. "If I plead for you, you should repay me, right? Here's the deal: be my son's mistress for two years. When my son gets tired of you, then you can leave." 
She decided that with this arrangement, Gary would have Nara, and he wouldn't hate his mother. 
Neither would he yearn for Nara because he couldn't have her... 
Mrs. Spencer thought her idea was simply brilliant, but there was one thing she had to clarify. "But you must not publicize it nor let the Gill family know. You and Gary can live together, but you mustn't get pregnant! Gary, your child must be born from Miss Gill!" 
Nara was completely dumbfounded upon hearing these words. 
She looked at Mrs. Spencer in disbelief, never expected that she would say such things! 
Gary was also dumbstruck. "Mom, how could you say that?!" 
Mrs. Spencer began. "Gary, what's wrong with what I said? You like her. Don't you want to be with her? If that's the case, isn't my suggestion a good idea? You'll be together; if you can't bear to let go of her after two years, you can keep her! Miss Gill has just returned to the family, and Lady Gill certainly won't let her marry off so quickly. You just need to break it off with Nara before Miss Gill marries you! By then, you should be tired of Nara..." 
Mrs. Spencer glanced at Nara and said to Gary. "She's so bland. After sleeping with her a few times, you'll realize there's nothing special about that... Love doesn't mean that much at all! Wait until you're my age, and it's only mutual tedium!" 
She then looked toward Nara. "As long as you agree to my conditions, I'll speak to Lady Gill for you! I'll ensure the Gill family won't trouble you or your brother anymore! Do you agree?"
###Chapter 518
518 Chapter 517 
Nara clenched her fists tightly. 
A sense of humiliation she had never felt before surged to her chest. 
She angrily stared at Mrs. Spencer, then slowly turned toward Gary, gesturing with her hands. "Is that what you think, too?" 
It was a simple sentence, so Gary understood it. 
He immediately shook his head. "No, Nara, don't get me wrong!" 
Nara let out a sigh of relief. 
But Mrs. Spencer suddenly said, "Gary, are you sure you don't think that way? Because if I help her, she'll leave you!" 
That comment made Gary pause slightly before he looked at Nara with reluctance in his eyes. 
Mrs. Spencer continued, "Miss Gill is still young. She might not marry you for another five years, which means you have five years to keep Nara. I'm asking you again: are you sure you don't want to do that? It'll be your own choice, and later on, it'll have nothing to do with me!" 
Gary fell silent. 
He passionately looked toward Nara, and a barely discernible greed flashed in his eyes. 
He wanted to keep her! 
He loved Nara enough to fight his mother for her, but his mother's death threats left him no choice. 
If possible, he certainly didn't want to let go of Nara. 
But in this plan, Nara was the one who would be hurt the most... 
Thinking of this, Gary felt a waver in his conviction but immediately firmed up his stance. 
However, Mrs. Spencer's following words challenged him. "Gary, think it through. After everything you've done for her, can you really stand to break up with her just like that? Are you content with that? If she truly loves you, is that marriage certificate really that important?" 
Gary hesitated, then shook his head. "It's not important..." 
Mrs. Spencer laughed, "Right, it's not important. So why are you hesitating? Good boy, let her be your mistress, and you won't be upset anymore..." 
Gary immediately looked at Nara, "Nara..." 
He held Nara's hand. "How about we try it? If you love me, can you also make some sacrifices for me? My marriage with Miss Gill might not even work out, and if it doesn't, we can still be together..." 
Nara looked at Gary in astonishment. 
Earlier, Mrs. Spencer forced Gary to marry Miss Gill by threatening to kill herself. If Gary chose to obey Mrs. Spencer, Nara would only feel sorry to end their relationship. 
She knew Gary's shortcomings; he was too obedient to his mother. 
He was like a child who never grew up. 
Yet every person had flaws, and she was willing to endure that. 
But she could never have imagined that Gary would agree to Mrs. Spencer's outrageous proposition. 
It wasn't about her status anymore... 
It showed that, in Gary's mind, she was never fit to be his wife! 
To Gary, she was just a toy that he had always wanted since childhood but never obtained. Once he had it, he would no longer care. 
Although Nara lived a life of poverty, it led her to value intellectual love. 
She stared at Gary, slowly pulling her hands back. 
But Gary immediately gripped them again. "Nara, if you become my mistress, I'll treat you well! I'll even let you bear my child in the future... I just can't marry you. Can you compromise for me?" 
Nara pulled her hands back and fiercely slapped Gary. 
Her mouth opened and closed. 
What Gary said was more hurtful than all the insults Mrs. Spencer hurled at her the day before. It made Nara feel even more humiliated! 
She wanted to speak but couldn't get the words out; she just stared at Gary and took out paper and a pen to write. "You bastard!" 
"I am a bastard." 
Gary was slapped, but he merely flinched. He stepped forward and grabbed her arm. "But Nara, I can't lose you! I know this will make things hard for you, but I can give you money! I can provide you with a comfortable life as long as you agree to stay by my side. Please agree to my mom's terms!" 
Nara struggled to push him away but to no avail. 
Tears began to well up in her eyes. 
She had come today just to tell Gary that she was Miss Gill, but now, she felt like a joke. 
She could understand why Gary would choose his mother over her. 
But she couldn't understand how he could do such a despicable thing! 
She shook her head. 
Mrs. Spencer immediately shouted in anger, "You have no right to refuse now that you've offended the Gill family. Only I can speak a few good words for you. If you reject this offer, the Gill family will force you and your brother to disappear from Clance forever!" 
Upon hearing this, Nara turned sharply to look at Mrs. Spencer. 
Anger colored her face, and she was no longer the pitiful and innocent girl wanting to explain things to them. 
Her eyes emitted a deep hatred. 
That hatred startled Mrs. Spencer, who immediately scolded, "How dare you look at me like that? Who gave you the courage to look at me this way?" 
Then she said to Gary, "Son, do you see? This is her true color! You're willing to live and die for her, but what about her? She won't even be your mistress! She must be eyeing the power of our family, afraid that being your mistress for a few years will leave her with nothing in the end!" 
Gary looked at Nara. "I can give you money!" 
"Slap!" 
Nara slapped Gary fiercely on the face again. 
She glared at him. 
All the tender sweetness of the past seemed to turn into poison at that moment, pressing against her chest, making breathing difficult. 
She breathed heavily. 
Gary, having been slapped, didn't dare to retaliate; he just stared at Nara... 
But Mrs. Spencer wouldn't stand for it. 
After the first slap, she felt distressed for her son, and now another slap... 
She pushed Gary aside, her finger almost poking Nara's face. "How dare you slap my son, little slut!" 
Having said this, Mrs. Spencer raised her hand. 
"Slap! Slap!" 
Mrs. Spencer slapped Nara's face hard twice, angrily saying, "You should consider being my son's mistress an honor! Otherwise, you wouldn't even be worthy to carry his shoes!" 
She then pointed toward the gates of the Gill family, "Do you see? That's what the houses of the real prominent families look like! My son will marry Miss Gill in the future! Look at yourself! How dare you reject my son?!" 
After being slapped, Nara covered her face and glared at Mrs. Spencer. 
She also looked at Gary and saw him frown. "Nara, don't be foolish. Only by becoming my lover will you and your brother be safe. If you say no, then my mom won't plead for you!" 
The last bit of hope in Nara's eyes shattered with his words. 
He was actually threatening her. 
Nara gave a bitter smile, steadied her stance, and wrote on a piece of paper. "I don't need her help!" 
Mrs. Spencer scoffed. "Still trying to be tough, huh? You don't need my help? Then rot away on the streets of Clance! Maybe someday you won't even know how you died, little slut!" 
Nara trembled with rage. 
She stared at them, wanting to say something... 
That was when a scolding voice rang out. "What are you doing?!" 
They all turned and saw Lady Gill striding toward them!
###Chapter 519
519 Chapter 518 
Lady Gill watched from afar as the three people stood at the doorway, tugging at each other. When she saw Mrs. Spencer slap Nara twice, she instantly became furious. 
She marched over, her gaze passing over Mrs. Spencer and Gary, finally resting on Nara's face. She then looked at Mrs. Spencer. "Why did you hit her?" 
Mrs. Spencer, confused, was immediately startled. 
But she still said, " I just saw her loitering around the Gill family's doorway, and she has offended Mr. Austin, hasn't she? I was just trying to avenge you!" 
How could Lady Gill believe her words? Her gaze swept over Gary's face, where there was also a slap mark, so she asked, "Who hit you?" 
Gary was perplexed, his eyes subconsciously shifting to Nara. 
Lady Gill immediately looked at Nara. "Why did she hit you?" 
It must be something Gary did to Nara! 
The anger in Lady Gill's chest was already rising. 
Gary was perplexed. 
Mrs. Spencer immediately looked at Nara. "Cousin, this girl just tried to use her beauty to seduce Gary. How shameless!" 
Stunned, Nara looked at her incredulously and then angrily turned to Gary as if waiting for him to speak up in her defense. 
Lady Gill frowned. "She seduced Gary?" 
Mrs. Spencer immediately nodded. "Yes, she and Gary are from the same university. Back in the university days, she constantly chased after Gary. Just now, when she saw us at the doorway, she blocked us, trying to get me to plead with you on her behalf, to get the Gill family to let her off. I refused, and then she began to seduce Gary!" 
Lady Gill's gaze moved between Nara and Gary, then settled firmly on Gary, and she interrogated him. "What exactly is your relationship with her?" 
Mrs. Spencer, eager to disassociate her son from Nara, said, "Of course, they have no relationship whatsoever! Lady Gill, you must believe me! Gary would certainly not fancy her! He likes Miss Gill. How could he possibly fancy a mute? And besides, she's reeking of poverty! She's filthy!" 
Having said that, she took a step back. 
But Lady Gill looked at Nara instead and said, "Nara, I want to hear your side of the story." 
Nara took out a piece of paper and a pen and was silent momentarily. She wanted to write that they were boyfriend and girlfriend but suddenly realized that none mattered anymore. 
Ultimately, she put down the paper. 
Seeing this, Lady Gill then looked to Gary. "You tell me, then!" 
Gary immediately swallowed hard. 
He looked frantically at Nara, then at Mrs. Spencer. 
Mrs. Spencer immediately coughed. "Cousin, there's nothing between them. They just attended the same university. My son is the student council's president, so he has many admirers, but it's all in her head! Gary, speak up! Tell Lady Gill right now about your relationship with this mute!" 
Gary remained silent. 
Mrs. Spencer promptly pushed him and hissed angrily. "What are you doing? Do you want to ruin the entire Spencer family? You just agreed to a blind date with Miss Gill. If Lady Gill finds out you have a girlfriend, our family is finished!!" 
Gary was in a panic. 
He looked at Nara and then at the imposing Lady Gill. 
Lady Gill's face was livid at this moment, and her eyes seemed to spit fire as she glared at him. 
Gary swallowed hard again. 
He thought of Austin's bullying of him since childhood, his family, and how his mother was always bowing and scraping before Lady Gill. 
Gary looked toward Nara again. 
Mrs. Spencer immediately whispered in a low voice, "Why do you still care about her? Do you want the entire Spencer family to be buried with you?!" 
Gary clenched his fists, his eyes filled with guilt. 
He took a deep breath and slowly lowered his head under Nara's gaze. "There's nothing between us." 
Nara had anticipated his answer already. At this moment, the corners of her lips twitched weakly, pulling into a mocking smile. 
She stepped back and seemed drained of vitality. She let out only a bitter laugh. 
How could she have expected that the brave boy who once stood before her could become like this? He didn't even dare to acknowledge her … 
She looked down and forced a bitter smile. 
Lady Gill seemed to have also realized something and stared at Gary again. "Are you sure?" 
Gary nodded immediately. "I'm sure! I'm not involved with her! Whatever the Gill family wants to do with her has nothing to do with me!" 
Leaving these words behind, he turned and walked away! 
Seeing Nara's expression of utter despair, Lady Gill felt a sudden surge of anger from within. 
She, too, had lived through her younger years; how could she not understand what was happening right now? 
She quickly stepped forward and slapped Gary across the face. "Say it again, I dare you! You have nothing to do with her?!" 
Her daughter… 
Nara was the daughter she had treasured since she was a baby! 
How could she be so mistreated at university? 
Lady Gill was trembling with rage. 
Gary was stunned by the slap, looking at her in confusion. 
Mrs. Spencer, however, thought Lady Gill was angry because she recognized a special relationship between the two young people, which upset her since Gary was supposed to marry Miss Gill. She immediately stepped forward and swore, "Cousin, they have nothing to do with each other, I swear! Gary only has Miss Gill in his heart! We just agreed to let Gary and Miss Gill meet. Please believe us! This little slut has a crush on Gary! It really has nothing to do with my son!" 
Mrs. Spencer's words only elicited a scornful laugh from Lady Gill. 
How could Lady Gill not realize, at this point, that Mrs. Spencer probably orchestrated the entire affair? 
She recalled Gary's reluctant face when he came to their home earlier. 
She had assumed Gary simply didn't want to go on a blind date, as the idea repels many young people today. 
She had also been perplexed as to why Nara, who originally had no desire to see them or visit the Gill family, suddenly sent a message saying she would come to meet her… 
At this very moment, with the two of them standing before her and Mrs. Spencer pointing at Nara and scolding the girl while trying desperately to disassociate herself, how could Lady Gill not understand? 
Lady Gill gave a cold laugh and said, "So, Gary and Nara are not in a relationship now and won't be in one in the future either?" 
Mrs. Spencer immediately nodded and stepped forward, trying to grasp Lady Gill's arm. "Yes, yes, it's nothing like that! Gary only has feelings for Miss Gill. How could he possibly be involved with a mute..." 
But Lady Gill swiftly shook off her arm. "Then do you know who Nara is?" 
Mrs. Spencer was taken aback, asking in confusion, "Who could she be? Isn't she just a mute?" 
Lady Gill's expression turned icy as she snarled, "She is my daughter!!"
###Chapter 520
520 Chapter 519 
"She's my daughter!!" 
Lady Gill's voice instantly stunned everyone. 
They looked at her incredulously. 
Mrs. Spencer gazed blankly first at Nara, then at Lady Gill. Her eyes widened in shock. 
Gary was even more astonished. 
Only Nara stood there, dazed. 
Lady Gill pointed at Nara's and turned to Mrs. Spencer. "Did you slap my daughter?" 
Mrs. Spencer wanted to shake her head, but Lady Gill immediately said, "If it wasn't you, was it your son?" 
Mrs. Spencer dared not shake her head anymore. 
She looked at Lady Gill. Her knees suddenly buckled, and she fell heavily to the ground. "Cousin, I'm sorry. I was the one who hit her!" 
She slapped her own right cheek with a "smack". "I'm so sorry! Cousin, please forgive us!" 
Lady Gill didn't move. 
Mrs. Spencer then smacked her left cheek with another "smack". "It was all my fault! I didn't know Nara was Miss Gill. I thought she had offended the Gill family, so I wanted to vent anger on your behalf..." 
"Smack!" 
After that, Mrs. Spencer slapped herself again. "Cousin, I was such a fool. Please forgive me for this once!" 
Witnessing this beside his mother, Gary couldn't help but rush over to Mrs. Spencer. "Mom, it's my fault. Please get up." 
Mrs. Spencer didn't dare to get up. 
Gary then looked at Lady Gill, glanced at Nara once, and clenched his fists. 
At that moment, an unprecedented sense of shame surged through him. 
Just moments ago, in fact, when Mrs. Spencer made that suggestion about making Nara his mistress, he was tempted. 
Thinking back to that moment, he realized that he had always felt a sense of superiority in front of Nara. He thought she would agree and would sacrifice herself for him. 
He felt that he was doing Nara a charity by accepting her. 
He intended to make Nara his mistress and would give her money afterward. 
Apart from marrying her, he could give her anything! 
But now, when his purported superiority was stripped away, when his own mother was kneeling before Lady Gill begging for mercy, and when Nara suddenly became Miss Gill, he felt deeply powerless and ashamed. 
He suddenly turned to Nara, his eyes filled with tears. "Nara, could you please ask Lady Gill to drop the matter?" 
Nara clenched her fists. 
She gave a bitter smile and lowered her eyes. 
Why should Gary ask her to back down? 
What was he doing when his mother was pressuring her?! 
All that was happening before her seemed so alien to Nara. 
She stepped back, then turned to Lady Gill, wanting to say something... 
But just then, she heard a low curse. "Fuck!" 
Suddenly, like a gust of wind, Austin rushed in front of Gary, grabbed his collar, and punched Gary over and over again! 
"That's for bullying my sister! 
"How dare you do such things to her?! 
"I'll kill you, you bastard!" 
Mrs. Spencer cried out in alarm and immediately rushed to Austin, trying to pull him away, but she couldn't budge him. 
She looked at Lady Gill, but her gaze moved past the latter and fell on Nara. Mrs. Spencer rushed to Nara and grabbed her hand. "Nara, for all the care Gary took of you in college, please spare him! Just this once! I beg you! Please!" 
Mrs. Spencer then knelt before Nara with a thud, repeatedly kowtowing to her. 
Nara stared at Mrs. Spencer, thinking of how Mrs. Spencer had pressured her moments before, then suddenly stepped forward and pushed Austin. 
Startled by her touch, Austin immediately jumped up. 
He looked at Nara. "Barbara, scum like him deserves a beating! Don't intervene. Even if I kill him, no one will think twice about it!" 
But Nara shook her head. 
She looked down at Gary, who was lying on the ground, and then took out some paper and a pen. "He hasn't done things that deserve death." 
Austin, however, showed a ruthless streak. "He bullied you, so he deserves to die! Rest assured, I'll make him regret this for the rest of his life!" 
Nara stared at him, but a trace of shock and fear flickered through her eyes. 
Austin's current image overlapped with the Austin who had forced her to the edge of the hospital rooftop like a devil, instilling fear in Nara's heart. 
She gestured with her hands and took a step back. 
Austin was slightly startled by her reaction. 
Lady Gill immediately said, "That's enough!" 
Seeing Nara turn pale, Austin didn't dare to strike Gary again and turned to look at the latter, only to see that his nose was swollen and his face bruised, not to mention the countless punches he had taken. 
Austin took a deep breath. "Get lost!" 
Mrs. Spencer immediately crawled to Gary's side and bent over to help him up. "Son, are you okay?" 
Gary wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and clenched his fists tightly. 
His gaze still lingered on Nara; he couldn't look away. 
Mrs. Spencer tugged at him to leave, but Gary stood still without budging. 
Austin raised his fist. "Why are you still here? Do you want to taste my fist again?!" 
Gary tensed his jaw and finally said, "Nara, I know I was wrong. Can you forgive me? I really am sorry!" 
Hearing this, Mrs. Spencer also looked at Nara with anticipation. 
Nara was turned sideways to Gary. 
Hearing what he said, Nara turned to glance at him. 
Gary's face was streaked with tears. "Nara, I know I've wronged you, but I truly love you. I didn't want to lose you, so I lost my mind for a moment. Nara... I'm sorry. Can you forgive me, please?" 
He wiped the blood from his nose and stepped toward Nara. 
But Nara looked at him with a cold expression. 
She took out her paper and pen and began writing. "Gary, I'll never forget how you and your mother forced me to become your mistress. You've become unrecognizable. We're over." 
Before she had finished writing, Gary wanted to speak, but Mrs. Spencer immediately interjected, "Gary, don't interrupt Miss Gill. Look at what she wants to tell you..." 
Nara handed the paper to Gary to read. 
At that moment, Nara felt a sense of irony. 
When she was merely Nara, she didn't even have the chance to write or speak; she always wanted to try to explain her origins to the mother and son, but each time, before she could finish, they would impatiently interrupt her. 
But now that she was Miss Gill, she could write such a long passage, and Mrs. Spencer and Gary were willing to wait for her... 
Was status really that important?! 
After reading what was on the paper, Gary was completely stunned. 
He stared dully at Nara. 
Just as he wanted to say something, Austin shouted fiercely, "Get lost! If you don't leave now, I won't show you any mercy!!" 
Mrs. Spencer, scared, grabbed Gary and tried to leave. 
But Gary fixed his gaze on Nara and suddenly pushed Mrs. Spencer aside before rushing straight to Nara. "Nara, can't you give me one more chance? I really like you and can't afford to lose you!" 
Nara struggled to pry his hands away. 
Yet Gary clung on desperately, knowing there would be no more hope for them once she broke free. 
Nara lowered her gaze. 
Gary's voice was full of pleading. "Nara, give me another chance, just one more chance..." 
Seeing this, Austin immediately stepped forward. 
But he was held back by Lady Gill. 
Lady Gill looked at Nara. "Nara, do you... want to give him another chance?"
###Chapter 521
521 Chapter 520 
Nara looked toward Lady Gill and then shook her head vigorously. 
Austin sneered. "That's how it should be. That scumbag has been a loser and a coward since childhood. Nara, you must stay away from someone like that!" 
He stepped forward, grabbed Gary's arm, and forcefully pushed him away. 
Gary initially held Nara's hand, but he gradually let go of her until there was nothing left to hold onto… 
When there was finally nothing left to grasp, Austin pushed hard, and Gary staggered a few steps back. 
Mrs. Spencer immediately grabbed Gary's arm. "Son, let's go. We can't afford to provoke the Gill family... Stop pestering Miss Gill!" 
Upon hearing this, Gary looked at Mrs. Spencer in a daze, then turned his gaze back to Nara. 
Overwhelmed by previous regrets and anger, he felt a surge of boldness rise within him and fiercely stepped forward! 
Still not daring to look Austin in the eye, he just stared at Nara. "Nara! Does our year of friendship at the university mean nothing compared to a moment of folly when I lost my head? You're so noble and so stubborn! You refuse to forgive me; what about them then?!" 
The more Gary spoke, the more aggrieved he became. He pointed angrily at Lady Gill and Austin. "Now that you're Miss Gill, you look down on me, right? So, you refuse to give me a chance! And these two people are the ones who caused all of today's disasters!!" 
Gary's eyes turned red as he stared fixedly at Nara and slowly said, "If it weren't for the Gill family's bully, my mother wouldn't have treated you that way! If we hadn't mistakenly believed that you offended the Gill family, my mother wouldn't have opposed us! If it weren't for the immense power of the Gill family, my mother wouldn't have made me betray you for 'Miss Gill'! The hurt I caused you was just an insignificant, emotional one, but what about them? 
"They forced you to jump from a building, trampled your dignity underfoot, and tread it all over the ground! Just because you become Miss Gill, which gives you such a high status, are you going to forgive them?" 
Gary moaned in pain. "Why can you forgive their mistakes but not mine? Why?!" 
Upon hearing this, Austin's anger intensified, and he immediately grabbed Gary by his clothes. "Shut your mouth! A scumbag like you should stop stirring up trouble between my sister and me!" 
But Gary had reached his most aggrieved point, and upon hearing that, he used all his strength as if to shriek out all the grievances he suffered from childhood. "What about you?! Why do you have the nerve to accuse me?! Are you calling me a scumbag?!" 
Gary glared at Austin. "Ever since you were little, everyone in Clance knew about your character. It's common knowledge! You're nothing but a despicable scoundrel, a deadbeat, but people like you can be forgiven. I just made a mistake in a moment of passion. Why can't I be forgiven?! Nara, why?! Just because my family isn't as good as the Gill family?" 
Upon hearing these words, Lady Gill hastily turned to look at Nara. 
Austin also turned his head. 
But they saw Nara standing there, her spine as straight as an arrow. 
At that moment, she resembled a bamboo that would never bend. 
She took out her paper and pen and slowly wrote, "I have never forgiven Austin and the Gill family, nor will I forgive you, ever." 
This statement made Lady Gill slightly stunned and left Austin bewildered. 
Gary said in disbelief. "You haven't forgiven them? How is that possible? Then why are you here?" 
Nara wrote, "I came here to clarify that I'm the Miss Gill your mother speaks of. It was for you. But now, it seems unnecessary." 
Gary's eyes gradually widened, and he lowered his gaze in defeat. "Is that so? So that's how it is?" 
Seeing this, Mrs. Spencer immediately grabbed Gary's arm. "All right, let's leave now..." 
Gary's words had offended the Gill family to the extreme! 
Mrs. Spencer was clear about how much Lady Gill and Austin were fixated on Miss Gill, especially Austin... 
With Gary pressuring Nara to say those things, Austin would hate Austin to death... 
It was over! Having offended the Gill family, their Spencer family was done for! 
Gary seemed utterly desolate. 
Mrs. Spencer dragged him out of the house, then got into the car and left dejectedly. 
When they witnessed such a scene, Keira and Lewis had just arrived at the entrance. They saw Gary and Mrs. Spencer look as if they were mourning over a death, and Keira didn't know why. 
But seeing Nara standing before Lady Gill and Austin, Keira immediately asked Lewis to stop the car. She watched them from a distance. 
Mrs. Spencer and Gary ran away. 
Austin, however, stared at Nara intensely, his eyes brimming with tears. 
He said, "Nara, what do you mean by that? Are you going to ignore me forever?" 
Nara didn't look at him but turned to Lady Gill. 
She gestured a farewell with her hands, then looked at Austin and wrote, "Don't come to disturb me again, thank you." 
She then turned and walked away. 
But after just a couple of steps, Austin grabbed her arm. 
Nara turned around and saw Austin glaring at her. "Barbara, you can't leave. I'm your brother. You can't refuse to forgive me!" 
But Nara shook her head. 
Suddenly, Austin's legs buckled, and he knelt before Nara. 
He had always been tough. He had verbally slandered Mary and, after being discovered by Ellis, was beaten half to death yet never gave in. He was almost beaten to death by Keira and Lewis but still kept his back straight... 
Austin was so stubborn and obstinate that he never admitted his wrongs, but he was now kneeling before Nara. 
Nara was stunned. 
She wanted to help Austin up. 
But Austin said, "If you don't forgive me, I won't stand up." 
Nara's eyes were filled with tears, too. 
She looked at Austin, but what flashed through her mind was the terror of leaping from the rooftop. In those two seconds, she was filled with utter despair... 
It was a despair she had never felt, bestowed upon her by Austin. 
So, how could she forgive him? 
The wounds on her body still throbbed with pain, and she had even heard from the doctor that her womb was damaged, perhaps rendering her unable to have children for the rest of her life... 
Growing up thinking of herself as an orphan, she longed for family and had always wished for many children... Austin had killed her dreams of having a brood of children! 
So, how could she forgive him?! 
Nara wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes, took a step back, and took out a piece of paper. She wrote something down, handed the paper to Austin, and then turned and walked away. 
Austin took the paper, only to see it read, "Then just kneel there." 
Austin was stunned. 
He leaped to his feet and charged over, trying to grab Nara's hand, but seeing that Nara was covered in injuries, with bandages wrapped around her arm, he dared not apply any force. 
He could only watch helplessly as Nara walked out. 
He felt once she left, she would never return home again. 
Austin hurriedly looked at Lady Gill. "Mom, stop her now..." 
But Lady Gill's face was already streaked with tears. 
She watched Nara with despair, her body trembling from crying. She didn't dare to stop Nara, knowing that her daughter had been headstrong and determined since she was young, and once the girl made up her mind, she would never turn back. 
She said to Austin, "Stop bothering your sister. She'll never come home again." 
She said those words between broken sobs. 
Austin shook his head. "No, I want Barbara to come home. I want my little sister..." 
He suddenly said, "I know what we should do! There's Keera! She's my sister's lifesaver. Let her talk to Barbara. My sister will surely come home." 
Mrs. Spencer said, "Don't trouble Miss Olsen." 
Austin shouted, "If we don't do anything, is my sister just supposed to be abandoned out there? I won't have it! I'll make Keera talk to my sister and let her come home! If Keera doesn't help me persuade my sister, I won't cooperate with their company!" 
Mrs. Spencer replied, "Stop the nonsense. That's the Nora Research Institute!" 
"I don't care what it is! If my sister comes home, I'll hand over the Gill family on a silver platter! All I want is for my sister to come home!!" 
Keira had parked her car outside the Gill family's main gate and had just stepped out of the vehicle. She was puzzled when she heard that. 
She thought, "Excuse me, but what does this have to do with me?!" 
But the next moment, her phone vibrated, and she received a mission from that familiar number. "If you want to secure and maintain your cooperation with the Gill family and have their unconditional lifelong support, you must get Nara to return to the Gill family." 
Keira was speechless. 
What sort of absurd mission is this? 
Just then, Nara walked out of the door and saw Keira. 
Their eyes met, and Nara heard what Austin said behind her. 
Nara thought, "So, my savior is someone from the Nora Research Institute. That's why I was accepted by the Nora Research Institute. It was all thanks to Keera, right?" 
Nara clenched her fists tightly, slowly walked up to Keira, took out her paper and pen, and wrote, "Do you want me to return to the Gill's? If you need me to do it, I'll do it for you."
###Chapter 522
522 Chapter 521 
Keira frowned slightly upon hearing this. 
How was she supposed to answer that? 
From her perspective, she hoped that Nara could return to the Gill family. After all, Keira needed to complete her task so that she could return to the South family and rescue her mother. 
But given the current situation... 
How could she bring herself to say it? 
Whether to forgive the Gill family was Nara's freedom, and Keira had no right to interfere. 
Keira was no saint but understood she couldn't use favors as leverage. 
Just as she hesitated, Nara seemed to understand something and headed toward the Gill residence. 
Keira quickly stopped her. "That won't be necessary." 
Nara looked at her. 
Keira smiled, "Even if I let you go back to the Gills, you and them won't be able to resolve your issues. I think that even if you returned, you wouldn't be of any help to me." 
Keira needed a deep binding with the Gill family. 
Even if Nara returned home, she couldn't fully reconcile with Austin and Lady Gill. Nara couldn't control the Gill family's narrative as long as the rift between them remained. 
Keira took a deep breath. "Let's go. I'll give you a ride." 
Nara paused, taking out paper and a pen to write. "Are you sure it's unnecessary?" 
"If it were necessary, I would tell you." 
Keira lowered her gaze and looked at Lewis. 
Lewis nodded at her, and the two accompanied Nara back to the alleyway, then turned and left. 
Once in the car, Keira suddenly said, "That unknown number told me that the South family had already sent someone to obstruct my mission. Which task are they exactly trying to hinder? It seems there has been no interference on Gill's side, right? It feels like there's no external influence." 
Gary and Mrs. Spencer had little effect on Nara's decision on whether or not to forgive the Gill family. 
Even without Gary, the relationship between Nara and the Gill family wouldn't improve. 
Lewis frowned. "There's no issue with the Freeman Sect; you're their senior sister, so they can't dissociate from you. For the Allen family, it seems there's no problem. Rebecca has always been at your beck and call. Her parents regard you as their own, and Frankie is also fond of you..." 
As he spoke these words, Keira distinctly felt something unusual. 
Keira immediately coughed. "Why do I feel like I'm detecting a hint of jealousy?" 
Lewis snorted and continued to analyze for her. "The obstacle for the Gill family lies with Nara. Your connection with the Davis family is Mary. Even though Mary has severed ties with the Davis family, they can never truly be disconnected as long as she's around. How are things with your lovesick brother Peter in the Olsen family?" 
Keira was taken aback. "Are you saying that the opponent has made a move on the Olsen family?" 
Lewis shook his head. "I'm not sure. I'm just telling you the situation of each family. You're Uncle Olsen's daughter, and it might seem like the Olsen family should be the most stable, but it's easy to sow discord among the seven brothers." 
He narrowed his eyes. "If I were your opponent and wanted to destabilize your solid relationship with the five major families, I might start with the Olsen family." 
Keira pursed her lips, "How would they start?" 
Lewis looked at her, "The day we went shopping, did we just coincidentally bump into Susan?" 
Keira was taken aback. 
Lewis said indifferently, "Before, I hadn't thought much about it and merely found it too coincidental that I ran into Susan cheating right as I discovered she was your fifth brother's girlfriend. But now that I think about it..." 
Keira immediately understood something. "I get it! Do you mean to say that someone arranged this? The purpose was to sow discord between Peter and me?" 
Lewis nodded. "Could you stand by and watch Peter be deceived without a care?" 
Keira pursed her lips. 
Lewis continued, "In fact, in families from the major families with many brothers, the harmony between brothers after each gets married entirely depends on their wives." 
Keira understood. "Guys will keep their brotherly bonds in mind and won't develop major conflicts, but after they form their own families, the relationship relies on the hostess of the house. The relationship between sisters-in-law is the most difficult to maintain. Thus, since I know Susan isn't a good person, it's impossible to let her marry into the Olsen family, or else there would be endless trouble at home! But if I accuse her out of nowhere, Peter won't believe me, which could easily create rifts with the other brothers. This puts me in a difficult position! So, is this Susan a person from the opposing side?" 
She had a headache. 
She had been informed by a text message that an enemy had come to Crera, but now she didn't even know who that enemy was, and it seemed like the tasks she had completed were already in peril! 
Lewis said, "If we want to know whether Susan is that opponent, why don't we just try and find out?" 
Keira looked at him in surprise. "Try what?" 
Lewis didn't speak but turned the car around. 
So, half an hour later... 
In the surveillance room of Clance's largest luxury shopping mall. 
Keira and Lewis watched until their eyes were sore, but they found no footage of Susan and that man entering or leaving together. 
The mall was huge, and because it was filled with luxury goods, there were countless cameras. But even so, they still didn't capture anything. 
Keira furrowed her brows and turned to Lewis. 
Lewis said lightly, "This Susan is no simple character. A normal person couldn't manage this. Either she avoided all the cameras or found a way to delete herself from the surveillance footage. So, she indeed is one of your unseen enemies." 
Keira felt a chill of fear. "Thank goodness I didn't stubbornly insist on dragging Peter here from the banquet to look for evidence. Otherwise, I might have already fallen out with Peter by now!" 
Peter had complete trust in Susan. If Keira had insisted on accusing Susan and then come here to check the surveillance, only to find no evidence left behind... 
Peter would undoubtedly feel she was targeting Susan. 
Keira felt a headache coming on. "This is difficult to handle." 
Why did the people and things around her always bring trouble? Is it so hard to be associated with the five major families? 
As she was deep in thought, a staff member from the mall suddenly rushed in. "Look, here's some shocking news! Someone is threatening to jump off a building!" 
A crowd gathered, turned on the TV, and tuned in to the live scene. 
The large screen showed the rooftop of a skyscraper. A man was sitting on the edge, swaying back and forth. Below, the crowd was dense, and rescuers were trying hard to get close. 
But suddenly, the man looked behind him and shouted, "Don't come any closer! If you do, I'll jump!" 
Keira's pupils shrank when she saw who it was! 
This man was none other than... Gary!
###Chapter 523
523 Chapter 522 
Gary stood on the edge atop the tallest skyscraper in Clance, staring blankly ahead. 
Behind Gary, the lifeguards and Mrs. Spencer stood there. 
Mrs. Spencer screamed in agony, "Gary, what are you doing? Don't do anything stupid, my good son. Please come down!" 
But Gary looked at her, shook his head, his eyes brimming with tears, and his expression extremely agitated. "Mom, Nara will never forgive me; she said she would never forgive me!" 
Mrs. Spencer's legs nearly gave out from fear as she cried. "Gary, she will forgive you. Just come over here. I'll go and beg for her forgiveness. I'll find a way, okay? Don't scare me!" 
But Gary shook his head. "What can you do? Because I always listened to you, I pushed Nara farther and farther away…" 
Mrs. Spencer shouted, "But I've always done things for your own good!" 
"Yes, you were doing it for my good," Gary said in a low voice. "Ever since I was young, you were always doing it for my good. You forced me to drink milk every night, even when I didn't want to drink it. I didn't like it, but you thought it was good for me, so you forced me to drink it. Your idea of doing what's good for me is suffocating!" 
Mrs. Spencer's expression stiffened, and she immediately said with guilt, "Son, I know what I did was wrong. I will never force you to do anything again! Will you come down, please?" 
But Gary said, "Mom, just listen to me." 
He laughed bitterly. "I know you've always wanted the best for me, but your love is too oppressive, you know? Ever since I was little, the happiest time of my life was spent at school with Nara. The only time I ever wanted to defy you was when I wanted to marry Nara. But you messed that up! You threatened me with death. What was I supposed to do?" 
He laughed bitterly. "I know you've always wanted the best for me, but your love is too oppressive, you know? Ever since I was little, the happiest time of my life was spent at school with Nara. The only time I ever wanted to defy you was when I wanted to marry Nara. But you messed that up! You threatened me with death. What was I supposed to do?" 
His tears flowed. "I loved Nara so much. Being with her, I felt an incomparable ease. I really couldn't bear to lose her, so under your spell, I said those humiliating words. Mom, I've lost Nara. She'll never forgive me now…" 
Mrs. Spencer cried. "It's my fault, it's all my fault! Would you come back, please? Let's go to her together. I'll kneel before her and ask for her forgiveness!" 
But Gary shook his head. "It's no use. Mom, do you know? When you forced me to break up with Nara, I was sad but not desperate because I had a dark thought like yours. Even if I chose Miss Gill, I could secretly stay with Nara. With our family's influence, we could even force her to be my mistress... But I never expected that Nara was Miss Gill! Our family's power simply isn't enough! I know she won't forgive me... I understand. I've completely lost her now…" 
Mrs. Spencer wanted to say more, but Gary spoke first. "Mom, don't say anything. I wasn't brave enough and must pay the price for it!" 
Mrs. Spencer shouted, "If anyone should die, it should be me! Don't punish me like this!" 
Gary smiled at her, then said, "Mom, I love you. Don't feel guilty; my death has nothing to do with you. It's just that... without Nara, I don't want to live anymore." 
"Mom, goodbye." 
Those were Gary's last words before he jumped. 
He even spread his arms as if embracing freedom or perhaps saying farewell to someone. 
Falling, Gary kept his eyes open, quietly looking toward the row of tile-roofed houses not far away, where Nara's home was located. 
Tears streaked from the corners of his eyes; in those few seconds of descent, his mind was filled with the time he had spent with Nara. 
He saw Nara's sweet smile. 
He had never said it, but he truly loved Nara... 
"Thump!" 
The sound of the body hitting the ground echoed through the entire street. 
The surrounding crowd immediately scattered... 
In the live stream, all that could be seen was Mrs. Spencer rushing to the rooftop's edge, calling out to the person below but making no sound. She stretched out her arms as if trying to grasp her son, who had jumped, but she only grasped empty air in the end. 
She struggled desperately, wanting to jump down and die with her son. 
But she was forcefully held back by the lifeguards. 
Afterward, the screen showed a blurred image of the body lying on the street. Mrs. Spencer and a group of lifeguards hurried down. She threw herself onto the body and wept bitterly. 
Though separated by a screen, those watching the livestream could still feel Mrs. Spencer's deep sorrow and pain. 
Keira stared at the screen, her eyes wide with shock. 
She didn't understand why anyone would commit suicide for love. 
With Gary's death, how was Nara supposed to live the rest of her life?! 
Keira suddenly looked at Lewis. "Let's go check on Nara again." 
Lewis nodded. 
Keira took a deep breath, turned around, and left with him. They got into the car and drove toward Nara's home. 
On their way, Keira watched the live broadcast channel on her phone. 
In the channel, one could only see that medical staff had arrived and covered the body with a white sheet. A group of onlookers stood quietly at a distance, pointing and commenting on the body. 
Keira clenched her fists. "Do you think this has the South family's fingerprints all over it?" 
Lewis pondered momentarily before answering, "We could try thinking from our enemy's perspective. How would you ruin your relationship with the Gill family if you were the enemy?" 
Keira said, "It's simple: prevent Nara from ever returning to the Gill family." 
Lewis asked, "And how can she be prevented?" 
Keira frowned. "Actually, Nara is now unwilling to forgive those people in the Gill family. She could just stand by and do nothing. But that's not her style because family ties are the most unpredictable thing in the world. With Austin always prioritizing his sister, who knows when he might move Nara, and she might return to the Gill family, right?" 
Lewis nodded and continued. "So, is there a way to ensure Nara never returns?" 
"Unless she's dead, how else can there ever be a certainty?" 
Keira casually countered. 
But as she spoke, she suddenly paused and looked at Lewis. 
At that moment, Lewis was also looking at her. 
Their gazes met, and after half a second, they both exclaimed in unison. 
"Nara is in danger!" 
"Nara!" 
Keira immediately looked down at the live broadcast on her hands, only to see that the body was still there, and Mrs. Spencer, who should have been weeping over the body, had disappeared! 
Keira cried out in alarm, "Drive faster!" 
Lewis floored the accelerator, and they sped toward Nara's home. 
The place where Gary jumped wasn't far from Nara's home, but they had to go through the block where the luxury mall was, which took over forty minutes by car. 
Even though Lewis was pushing the accelerator to the limit, it still took them half an hour to reach Nara's residence. 
The car screeched to a halt, and Keira immediately opened the door. She bumped into Matias, who had just returned from grocery shopping. 
He most likely hadn't watched the live broadcast and was unaware of what had happened. 
Upon seeing Keira, he was slightly taken aback. "Keera? Why are you here again? Is something wrong?" 
Keira urgently asked, "Has Mrs. Spencer come here?" 
Before Matias could respond, a neighbor basking in the sun said, "I just saw a middle-aged woman who looked like Mrs. Spencer. She went looking for Nara!" 
She had come! 
Without a second word, Keira dashed into the alley. 
She ran so fast that bystanders saw only a blur as she passed. 
But... it wasn't fast enough!! 
Keira's heart raced with panic as she rushed straight to Nara's front gate, but she was still one step too late!! 
Just as she saw Nara and was about to shout out her name, she saw Mrs. Spencer holding a knife and charging at Nara! 
Keira's pupils shrank. "Nara!"
###Chapter 524
524 Chapter 523 
Nara rested at home today. She didn't check her phone or watch TV but read a book in her room. 
Therefore, she was completely unaware of what was happening outside. 
She only heard someone enter and call her name. 
It was then that Nara walked out and saw Mrs. Spencer. 
Mrs. Spencer's face was streaked with tears as she stared at Nara. "Nara, Gary was going to jump off a building for you!" 
Stunned by the news, Nara replied, "How can that be? Where is he? I'll go talk to him!" 
No matter how much she disliked Gary or hated that he didn't take her seriously, these things seemed less important in the face of life and death. 
As Nara spoke, she approached Mrs. Spencer. 
Mrs. Spencer suddenly grabbed her arm. "There's no need." 
Nara was taken aback. "Was he saved?" 
"No," Mrs. Spencer said, her eyes brimming with tears. "He's dead." 
Upon hearing those words, Nara stood frozen, looking at Mrs. Spencer in disbelief. "What did you say? How could he... How?!" 
Mrs. Spencer said, "He said that you would never forgive him, that he could never be with you in this lifetime, so he didn't want to live anymore." 
Tears rolled down Nara's cheeks. 
She could have never imagined that Gary would love her so much! 
If that was the case, why had he forced her to become his mistress in the first place?! 
Nara seemed dazed for a moment. 
Mrs. Spencer asked, "Nara, look, Gary did love you a lot, right?" 
With tears streaming down her cheeks, Nara nodded. "Yes." 
Then Mrs. Spencer said, "So, why don't you go and join him?" 
Nara didn't quite understand what Mrs. Spencer meant at first and looked at the latter with disbelief. Mrs. Spencer's hand had been hidden behind her back all along, and she suddenly lurched out, aiming a knife straight at Nara's heart! 
Nara's pupils shrank in an instant. 
Time seemed to slow down at that moment... 
Not far away, Keira felt as though she was very close to Nara, yet the few steps between them became a matter of life and death. 
She simply couldn't reach Nara's side in an instant. 
At that moment, Keira's mind was concerned about Nara's life! 
Was it the doing of the person sent by the South family? Had they been subtly guiding the actions of Gary and Mrs. Spencer all along? That person knew human nature too well. 
Or rather, they knew the characters of Gary and Mrs. Spencer too well. 
Unable to have Nara, Gary would undoubtedly go to extremes. And Mrs. Spencer, having lost her son, lost her reason! 
Nara's death at the hands of Mrs. Spencer sounded plausible. 
It appeared to be a crime of passion. 
All of it would leave no trace. 
It's as if that person had never existed... 
But if Nara were to be killed, Keira's relationship with the Gill family would never be firm! She would never be able to complete her mission! She would never gain the South family's recognition! She would never be able to save her mother! 
Keira's face was etched with desperation, and she radiated a profound sense of powerlessness. 
She wished she could teleport to Nara's side, but was helpless and could only watch the knife fall... 
Nara also felt like she was being controlled, with no way to escape. 
She watched as the knife got closer and closer to her chest... as if she was touching the edge of death! 
But when she felt most desperate, someone suddenly rushed over and pushed her away forcefully! Then, the knife plunged deep into the back of that person! 
Nara was knocked to the ground. 
She looked at the person in front of her in shock... It was Austin! 
Austin stood in front of her, stabbed in the back, while Mrs. Spencer immediately tried to pull out the knife, but the sharp blade had already penetrated Austin's bone and couldn't be pulled out in an instant. 
Mrs. Spencer was about to try harder when Keira arrived. She kicked Mrs. Spencer away and swiftly subdued her, then turned to look at the siblings. 
Austin had a knife in his back... 
In such a situation, the body's instinct would be to collapse immediately, protecting the most vulnerable brain and heart... 
But Austin didn't. 
It was as though he didn't feel the knife in his back at all. He still stood there and reached out to Nara. "Barbara, did you get hurt? I didn't mean to push you..." 
His words made Keira want to cry. 
Nara finally realized the situation. She hurriedly got up from the ground and rushed to Austin's side. "Are you okay? Let me see..." 
She tried to look at the wound on his back, but Austin stopped her. "I'm fine. Don't look... It'll scare you." 
Tears welled up in Nara's eyes as she sobbed and cried. "Let me see. How are you doing?" 
"I'm okay..." 
But Austin's strength was fading, and eventually, he was turned around by Nara, who immediately saw the knife in his back. 
The knife was deeply embedded in his back, with only the handle sticking out. 
Blood flowed slowly from the wound... soaking his shirt... 
Austin was still trying to cover Nara's eyes. "Barbara, don't look... I'm fine." 
As he said these words, his strength slowly left him, and he collapsed to the ground, pulling Nara down with him. 
Nara cried out in panic. "Austin, are you alright? Don't scare me!" 
At that moment, Austin was already in a daze. Gazing at Nara, he suddenly said, "Sister, I protected you well this time." 
... 
Mrs. Spencer was taken to the police station and arrested on charges of attempted murder. 
Austin was rushed to the hospital in an emergency; the doctor said the knife had pierced his lung, causing hemothorax, and it was uncertain whether he could make it. 
Keira accompanied Nara and waited outside the operating room. 
Nara stood there, staring at the operating room's door, completely dazed. 
After an unknown amount of time, the sound of high heels and footsteps hurriedly approached—it was the Gill family. 
Lady Gill and her husband walked in front, followed by Austin's two elder brothers and the bodyguards. A whole group of them arrived in a flurry. 
Lady Gill immediately asked, "How is Austin? What happened?!" 
Hearing this, Nara seemed to come back to her senses. 
She stared blankly at Lady Gill, tears streaming down her face, and suddenly strode forward, kneeling with a thud. "I'm sorry. He got injured trying to save me. I'm so sorry..." 
Nara wept bitterly. 
Meanwhile, Keira clenched her jaw, and at that moment, her phone vibrated. 
Keira picked it up and saw a message from an unfamiliar number. "Idiot! Have you lost so soon? If Austin dies, the Gill family will surely blame Nara! You've just wasted such a valuable pawn! Your mission has failed!"
###Chapter 525
525 Chapter 524 
Seeing this message, Keira frowned. 
She suddenly felt it was ridiculous. 
One man was dead, and another was still in the emergency room, hanging onto his life. Did that mean nothing to the other party? 
Were they just tools for her to complete her mission?! 
If they could treat human life so heartlessly to make her complete the mission, she would rather not do such a mission at all!! 
Keira clenched her fists tightly and looked at Nara. 
She stepped forward, protecting Nara. 
If the Gill family dared to touch Nara, Keira would protect the girl at the cost of offending the Gill family again! 
But just as Keira was thinking this, she saw... 
Lady Gill suddenly squatted down, hugging Nara. "Barbara, what nonsense are you talking about? He's your brother! It's his duty to ensure your safety!" 
Mr. Gill, standing nearby, also began speaking with tearful eyes, "Barbara, how could we blame you? If it hadn't been for you, it would have been your brother who got kidnapped by traffickers back then. He owes you his life!" 
Austin's two elder brothers stepped forward, and one of them sighed. "Austin has been childish. He has mistreated you, but throughout these years, Austin has been searching for you everywhere. Do you know that he would travel every year, not for leisure, but to look for you in other cities..." 
Lady Gill wiped away her tears. "We were about to give up, but Austin never did! I know he's a scoundrel and a bastard. He has deeply hurt you... Barbara, I'm not asking you to forgive him or me. Just don't push us away. Let us protect you without disturbing you, okay?" 
Hearing those words, Nara looked at them in disbelief. After a moment, she suddenly hugged Lady Gill, weeping aloud, "Mom!!" 
Lady Gill gently patted her back. "Barbara, don't cry, your brother will be fine. I promise!" 
Nara immediately nodded. 
The two Gill brothers came forward, one holding Lady Gill, the other holding Nara. "Mom, Sister, let's get up and talk." 
Nara and Lady Gill stood up, and the family waited outside the operating room for an update. 
Keira stood in the corner, not joining the Gill family... 
She quietly stood there, suddenly feeling that blood relation was a strange thing... 
It made the villain Austin brave danger to save his sister... 
But with Mary, her parents could so heartlessly use her as a tool for making money. 
Keira sighed and then took out her phone, and as expected, she saw that the same number had sent another message. "I didn't expect Crera's family bonds to be like this... Keera, this time, you're fortunate in this incident! The Fox's meddling has accidentally helped you resolve the hard feelings between Nara and the Gill family... But next time, you might not be so lucky! Watch out for the Fox!" 
Keira frowned. 
The Fox... who exactly is this person code-named Fox? 
Was it Susan? Or was there someone else behind Susan? 
What role did they play in the affairs of the Gill family? 
Keira quickly sent a message to Lewis. "Help me interrogate Mrs. Spencer, see if there's any clue about the Fox!" 
No sooner had she sent the message than Lewis appeared silently beside her, speaking in a low voice, "I've found some information about the Fox." 
Keira immediately walked with Lewis to the end of the corridor near the stairwell, and Lewis ensured there was no one around before he said, "I used some contacts on my end and interrogated Mrs. Spencer. It turns out she has been talking with someone online known as Fox. The two met on the internet. Mrs. Spencer felt a close bond, and the other party patiently chatted with her, easing her loneliness and helping her deal with solitude. They are best friends..." 
Keira's brows knitted together upon hearing this. "Was it this Fox who egged on Mrs. Spencer to separate Gary from Nara?" 
Lewis nodded. "Exactly. According to their chat logs, Mrs. Spencer has always been quite indulgent toward Gary. So, after he pestered her for a long time to accept a mute girl as his girlfriend, Mrs. Spencer confided her helpless feeling to Fox, thinking she might eventually give in to her son's wish. It was Fox who urged her to oppose firmly and even suggested that she could use suicide as leverage... Later, when Mrs. Spencer was complaining about her son blaming her, Fox again suggested that Nara could be Gary's mistress, which would end any possibility between Gary and Nara." 
Keira clenched her fists. "And Gary's death?" 
Lewis nodded. "That was Fox's doing too. Apparently, Gary realized Mrs. Spencer was manipulating him after he saw the chat logs between her and Fox, which led him to resent her and lose the will to live..." 
Keira took a deep breath. "Is there enough evidence for the police to make an arrest?" 
Lewis shook his head. "The clever part about the person is that they haven't done anything illegal. It was all normal conversation, and all incitement was done in a normal tone. There was nothing excessive. Fox even led Mrs. Spencer to say things herself..." 
Keira tensed her jaw. 
Just then, the door to the operating room opened, and the doctors and nurses came out. 
The Gill family surged forward, surrounding the doctors. "Doctor, how is Austin?" 
Keira immediately looked over with concern...
###Chapter 526
526 Chapter 525 
Seeing a crowd gathered outside, the doctor removed his mask. 
Nara and the others watched him anxiously. 
The doctor slowly said, "We did our best to resuscitate the patient, and his life is no longer in danger, but whether he will wake up will depend on the next few days." 
These words temporarily relieved the entire Gill family. 
Nara's tears rolled down her face. 
Behind the doctor, Austin was lying on the hospital bed, being slowly wheeled out with his eyes closed, still in a comatose state. 
The crowd surrounded the bed as it was moved into the ICU, and after waiting outside for a moment, Lady Gill looked at Nara. "Barbara, your brother will be alright; don't worry." 
Nara nodded. "I'm sure he'll be alright." 
Just a moment ago, outside the operating room, everyone was anxious about Austin's condition, but now they finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
At this point, they all realized something and were looking incredulously at Nara. 
Feeling their gaze, Nara became flustered and subconsciously raised her hand, gesturing something while again speaking out loud, "Why are you all looking at me like this?" 
As soon as she said this, she was stunned herself. 
Lady Gill rushed over and took her hand, excited. "Nara, you spoke!" 
Nara was taken aback. 
Mr. Gill also said, "Yes, Nara, you've been talking since just now!" 
Her other two brothers also immediately crowded around. "Nara, you can speak!" 
"Is your throat okay?" 
Nara became distraught and, for the moment, didn't know what to say. 
Just then, a voice came from the side, "There's nothing physically wrong with Nara's vocal cords." 
Everybody turned their heads to see that, after receiving the news, Matias had just arrived, now standing not too far away, looking at Nara. "When Nara was little, she had a fever and was frightened, which made her unable to speak. Over the years, I've taken her to see many doctors, and her vocal cords are fine." 
The Gill family finally realized the situation. 
Lady Gill said, "This is good news. This is so great! It's wonderful that you can speak!" 
Nara, feeling embarrassed by the attention, lowered her head. 
... 
Keira and Lewis left the hospital. 
Now that Austin had survived, both Nara and Keira felt relieved. 
The Fox's scheming against the Gill family was ultimately because of Keira. 
If Austin had indeed passed away, her debt to the Gill family would have increased. 
The two of them left the building and headed home. 
Along the way, Lewis said, "The matter with the Gill family should be settled now." 
Now that Nara has acknowledged her family and unraveled her issue with the Gill family, given the relationship between Nara, Austin, and Keira, the Gill family will undoubtedly stand with Keira unconditionally, solidifying the partnership. 
Keira nodded yet frowned. "But who is the Fox's next target?" 
Lewis said, "The Allen family and the Freeman Sect should be alright; the key concerns are the Davis family and the Olsen family." 
Keira immediately said, "We're too passive right now." 
The Fox was hiding behind the scenes, never showing themselves, which made Keira feel the situation was both tricky and mysterious. 
Lewis's eyebrows furrowed. "They're in Clance, so they're bound to slip up eventually. I've already asked Tom to investigate their address based on the information from Mrs. Spencer's chat log." 
Keira nodded. 
At that moment, her phone suddenly rang. She answered, and James's urgent voice came through. "Keera, can you come home? There's a bit of trouble here." 
Keira immediately frowned. "Alright, I'm on my way." 
After hanging up, she said, "To the Olsen's!" 
Lewis immediately turned the car around. "The Fox has made a move against the Olsen family?" 
"Seems like it." 
Keira's chest tightened slightly. 
The car quickly arrived at the Olsen residence, and after Keira and Lewis parked, they entered the living room. 
As soon as they entered, they saw that the expressions of the family members were normal, which made Keira breathe a sigh of relief. She first looked at James. "James, did you call me back for something?" 
James said, "Peter said he had something to announce and called us over, but he hasn't arrived yet. " 
After that, James looked at her. "Where have you been these past few days?" 
Keira lowered her gaze. "Nowhere special." 
She looked around and asked, "Where's Dad?" 
James pointed upstairs to the study, "Ellis has been so fixated on winning back his wife that he's neglected his work. The Olsen family's mess has once again fallen into the hands of Uncle Olsen." 
Keira pursed her lips. 
She and Lewis found a place to sit, and not long after, Peter drove back, with Susan following behind him, holding onto his arm, looking very demure and sensible. 
When Keira saw Susan, her gaze slightly darkened. 
James said, "Peter, you've brought us all over here. What do you actually want to do?" 
Peter just smiled. "I've gathered everyone here today to announce something. I'm going to marry Susan!" 
This statement made the entire living room fall silent all at once. 
James was puzzled. "So soon?" 
Then he glanced at Susan's stomach. "Are you showing already?" 
The rest of the Olsen brothers and the elders also frowned. 
Peter gave a wry smile, then said, "What are you talking about? It's not all that soon. I've known Susan for two years, and it's about time to talk about marriage." 
After that, Peter looked toward his parents. "Mom, Dad, do I have your blessings?" 
Peter's parents belong to the second branch of the Olsen family. 
Mr. Olsen and his wife frowned slightly, not saying anything. 
Peter then said, "Uncle has said before that our family doesn't do arranged marriages. We marry who we like, so you shouldn't look down on Susan's family background, right?" 
Mr. Olsen immediately said, "What are you talking about? The Simpson family is also a notable family; how could we possibly look down on them?" 
Peter laughed outright. "So, Dad, you agree, right? This makes things much easier..." 
Mr. Olsen sighed in resignation. "Alright, you're grown up, and if you're determined and won't regret it, then we, as parents, won't stop you." 
Peter immediately exchanged a look with Susan, both breaking into smiles. 
Peter then looked at the others. "None of you have ions, right?" 
The brothers all expressed their congratulations one after another. 
Keira watched them, emotionless, and for a moment, didn't know what to say. 
Knowing full well that Peter was about to be cuckolded, was she just supposed to sit back and remain silent? 
...Forget it. She wouldn't be the unpopular one. 
But her silence didn't stop others from addressing her. 
Susan looked at her and asked, "Miss Olsen, what about you? You'll congratulate us, won't you?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
Peter also looked at her dumbly. "Yeah, little sister, I have your blessings, right?" 
"…" 
Keira's face tensed as she looked at Susan.
###Chapter 527
527 Chapter 526 
Keira knew that Susan was doing it on purpose. 
From the first meeting, Susan had shown significant hostility, even constantly trying to drive a wedge between her and Peter. 
Susan was either Fox or working for them. 
However, Peter occupied a mediocre position in the Olsen family, and the projects he was in charge of were also average, so why would Fox start with him? 
...No, the Fox didn't start with him but was targeting several brothers at once! 
If Keira ed to this marriage, given Uncle Olsen's degree of fondness for her, he would definitely order Peter and Susan to break up immediately, which would leave a thorn in the hearts of her brothers. 
It was as if she, Keira, was acting like a queen in the family. 
Her arrival had made the family so discordant... 
Keira took a deep breath, and when she looked up again, she saw that, except for James, a few of the brothers were looking at her, apparently waiting for her answer. 
Keira then turned her gaze to Peter. 
Although she wasn't close to Peter, on the day she returned home to acknowledge her relatives, Peter secretly gave her a bank card, whispering, "Little sister, I don't know how your financial situation is, but this card is under my name. If you ever run out of money, feel free to use it." 
At that time, Peter had a beaming smile on his face. 
Keira's chin tensed. 
She couldn't ignore the situation. Knowing what kind of person Susan was, she couldn't still let Peter jump into the fire pit. 
She took a deep breath and looked at Peter, "Peter, what if I don't agree?" 
A shadow passed over Peter's eyes momentarily. 
He hung his head and, after a moment of silence, looked toward Keira. "Keera, I know you and Susan had some unpleasant interactions when you first met, but Susan isn't bad by nature. It must be a misunderstanding between you two. I can't give up on Susan. I want to marry her." 
Charles then looked toward Keira. "Keera, the truth is, Miss Simpson might seem a bit pretentious, but she's actually quite nice. And, she once saved Peter's life." 
Susan's face stiffened when she heard the former part of the statement, but she showed a look of pride when she heard the latter. 
It was the first time Keira had heard any of this, and she was slightly startled. "Is there a story there?" 
"Yes, it was two years ago when Peter had a car accident. The car fell off the road. It happened late at night with no one around. It was Miss Simpson who came by and desperately pulled him out, saving his life." 
After Charles finished speaking, Peter looked at Susan with a mixture of tenderness and gratitude. "That day, I groggily got taken to the hospital. After I was treated, the doctors and nurses all told me I was fortunate. If I had been brought in any later, I wouldn't have made it." 
He held Susan's hand. "Susan saved my life, and I want to be with her for the rest of my life. If my family s to the marriage, then I'll leave the Olsen family and strike out on my own." 
Susan looked at him gratefully and then turned her soft and vulnerable gaze to Keira. "Miss Olsen, the person you saw at the mall wasn't me. I've actually been secretly in love with Peter for many years, and he knows it. That's why, when I saw him driving off in a bad state that night, I followed him and managed to save him. I couldn't possibly betray Peter." 
Her eyes brimming with tears, she said, "Peter wants to marry me, and he wants the blessing of everyone in the family. Miss Olsen, can't you and I put aside our past misunderstandings?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She reviewed the mall surveillance footage and found nothing, which confirmed that there must be a rat. If not for that, she would have been swayed by Susan's acting skills! 
No wonder Peter couldn't see through it; this woman was just too good at acting. 
She didn't speak, and Susan sighed again, withdrawing her hand from Peter's. "Peter, I know that Miss Olsen is Uncle Olsen's newly found daughter, and the Olsen family has always wanted a girl. You all must be very affectionate toward her, so if she really doesn't wish us to marry, then we should forget it! I don't want to cause division in the family because of me." 
Keira was speechless. 
This woman was good! 
Susan turned back to Peter, and he grabbed her arm. "Susan, what are you talking about? Keera has always been sensible, and since our reunion, she has never been unreasonable! She won't disagree, right, Keera?" 
Keira was speechless. 
She felt like she had swallowed half a fly, unable to spit it out, yet unable to swallow it down. 
She took a deep breath, and before she could speak, the rest of the brothers spoke one after another. 
Charles said, "Keera, just give them your blessing, will you?" 
James also said, "Keera, they've been together for a year now. Why don't you just let them marry?" 
The other brothers also chimed in. 
"After getting married, we won't necessarily live together. Even if there is a little conflict between you and Susan, she won't give you any trouble since you'll be living farther apart in the future." 
"This is ultimately Peter's private life. We shouldn't be too meddlesome, right?" 
"Little sister, I think you should just give them your blessing." 
"Right, right, there's no deep hatred to speak of." 
Keira remained silent. 
With everything that her brothers had said, what more could she say? 
How could she continue to oppose the marriage?
###Chapter 528
528 Chapter 527 
Keira lowered her gaze. "Don't bother considering my opinion." 
There was still time before the wedding, and she would eventually find evidence of Susan and her boyfriend, which Keira could then throw in Peter's face, avoiding a fallout. 
Susan immediately said, "So, little sister, does this mean you don't ?" 
"That's great! We can finally be together!" Peter was also affected by Susan. He embraced Susan and spun her around. 
Everyone present felt the happiness exuding from the couple. 
But Susan paused slightly before smiling at Keira. "Little sister, thank you for your blessing. However..." 
She sighed softly. "Thinking of how soon I'll be with my fiancé reminds me of Ellis... Mary has been away from him for so long. When exactly is she planning to reconcile with him?" 
At those words, everyone's gaze turned to Keira. 
Everyone saw Ellis's silent demeanor at home each day, and everyone was very concerned about this matter. 
Keira said, "I don't know." 
Susan feigned surprise. "Little sister, how could you not know? Isn't Mary staying at your house?" 
After saying this, she said earnestly, "They say a best friend's words are the most persuasive. Since your sister-in-law is staying at your place, why don't you speak well of Ellis and help the two of them reconcile? The couple surely still have feelings for each other, so couldn't they make up?" 
Keira looked at her indifferently. "If Mary is unwilling to forgive Ellis, what can I do?" 
Susan said, "I heard that Mary had a falling out with the Davis family. Why don't you kick her out of your house? That way, she'll have nowhere to go but back to Ellis, and they'll have to reconcile." 
Upon hearing this, Keira sneered, finding Susan downright disgusting. 
She lowered her gaze. "You needn't worry about my affairs." 
Susan immediately looked at Peter and seemed hurt. "Did I speak out of turn?" 
Peter said, "Mary just had a miscarriage. She's not in good health. How can you expect Keera to throw her out?" 
Susan quickly said, "Ah, right, I didn't think it through. Sorry, but I'm just worried for Ellis. Hearing you talk about how hard his life is every day, I just wanted to help and suggest a solution. We're all family. If we don't care for his well-being, should we care about an outsider instead?" 
That made Keira feel very uncomfortable. 
Wasn't Keira the one looking after Mary, an "outsider"? 
It was another roundabout accusation against her. 
Sure enough, several other brothers glanced surreptitiously at Keira with a hint of dissatisfaction in their eyes, but none of them spoke out. 
Susan, seemingly oblivious to the change in the room's atmosphere, sighed again. "I remember when Mary got married, the Davis family provided a large dowry. Sadly, my family isn't wealthy, so my dowry might appear a bit shabby." 
Peter immediately retorted, "What I want to marry is you, not your dowry. It doesn't matter. The Olsen family has enough money for us to squander for generations!" 
This remark earned a scolding from his father. "Don't you have any ambition? Are you planning to live off Ellis your entire life?" 
Peter laughed. "Isn't that a good idea? That way, I won't contend with Ellis over the estate. If I started fighting for it, wouldn't our family become chaotic?" 
His father waved his hand dismissively. "Forget it. I don't want to deal with your matters." 
After that, he went straight upstairs. 
The siblings remained downstairs. 
Keira hung her head low, fiddling with her phone. 
Seeing this, Susan approached and asked, "Little sister, what are you doing? I still want to talk to you about Ellis and Mary's matters. Though I'm not married into the family yet, I still hope everyone here is happy. If Ellis and Mary's issues aren't resolved, there will always be underlying problems. I know you and Mary are close, and your feelings are more inclined toward her, but Ellis has always been good to you." 
She turned to the other brothers. "Surely everyone wants Ellis and Mary to reconcile? 
Everyone immediately nodded. 
After witnessing Ellis letting himself go, anyone with eyes could see that Ellis truly cared for Mary. 
Everyone understood that Mary had been wronged... 
But after all, when it came to family ties, everyone knew who they preferred to see happy, and that was Ellis. 
Susan continued, "So sometimes, if we can achieve our goal using some unsavory means, we don't need to mind, right? As the saying goes, whether it's a black cat or a white cat, a good cat is one that catches the mouse. I think my earlier suggestion could really work. Although it may seem unfair to Mary, she's always had Ellis in her heart. They won't blame you once they reconcile. Right?" 
Keira scoffed. 
If she really kicked Mary out, forcing her back into the Olsen family, how could Mary ever hold her head high again? 
She continued toying with her phone without responding. 
Susan persisted. "Little sister, you wouldn't want to refuse, would you? Do you really want to see Ellis lonely forever? Do you really care about Ellis or the Olsen brothers?" 
Her words led the group of brothers to once again turn their collective gaze to Keira. 
Keira remained silent. 
Suddenly, she sneered, lifted her head, and held up her phone. "This is your phone screensaver, isn't it?" 
Susan was taken aback and hesitated. "Yes, and how come that screen looks just like my phone's?" 
"Oh, that's because I've hacked into your phone!" said Keira calmly. 
At this, Susan's face instantly stiffened! 
She swallowed nervously. "What did you hack into my phone for?" 
"Nothing much. I just thought I'd take an interest since you're going to be my sister-in-law. Come on, let's see what's in your photo album?" 
Keira openly accessed Susan's album and immediately spotted intimate photos of Susan with that boyfriend. 
She curled her lips and, under Susan's shocked and panicked gaze, raised the phone for Peter and the other brothers to see. "This is the man I saw at the mall last time!"
###Chapter 529 -Coordinated Response
529 Chapter 528 
In the photo, Susan threw her arms around the man's waist, and their faces pressed together while smiling joyfully at the camera. 
Keira had been keeping her head down in silence just now because she had been hacking Susan's phone. 
Since Susan could delete the video in the mall without any trace, it proved that she definitely had her own hacking methods. 
If that was the case, then her phone surely contained secrets. 
When Keira first invaded Susan's phone, she indeed encountered a strong firewall, which caused some delay. 
Moreover, after hacking into the phone, she found Susan's photo album to be immaculate, except for a hidden file. 
Keira sneered and immediately opened it. 
As expected, she saw their intimate photos. 
People who liked to cheat usually enjoyed keeping evidence for their own pleasure, which psychologically was a bit perverse. 
She looked at Susan, who had turned pale. 
James immediately stood up and cursed at Susan. "So, what my Keera said was all true! You actually have a man on the side behind Peter's back!" 
Charles also looked at her in shock. "Aren't you deeply in love with Peter? How could you do such a thing?" 
The rest of the brothers frowned and turned their gazes toward Susan. 
Keira passed her phone to the people around and finally looked at Susan. "What do you have to say for yourself now?" 
Susan clenched her fists tightly. 
She seemed as if she was about to collapse, but in the next moment, she turned her head to Peter. "Peter, it seems Keera really doesn't like me. She even hacked into my phone, but I won't blame her. I know she is just concerned and confused." 
Susan lowered her head, wiping away her tears. 
When Keira saw this, she was immediately stunned. She then saw Peter's face darken. "The person in this photo is Susan's brother! Keera, how can you hack into someone's phone without any clear evidence?" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Her pupils shrank suddenly as she exchanged a glance with Lewis. 
That day in the mall, she clearly saw this man being intimate with Susan. Although they weren't undressed, the kissing and the touching couldn't possibly be normal interactions between siblings! 
She frowned. "Your own brother?" 
Susan, with red eyes, looked at Keira. "Yes, my brother! Keera, I really don't know what I did wrong to make you hate me so much! The first time we met, you slandered me for having an affair... and today it's even worse..." She bit her lip hard, then turned to Peter. "Peter, maybe we shouldn't go ahead with the wedding! I feel like a thief in this family. Will I even have any privacy if I live here?" 
She bowed her head and silently began to cry. 
Peter looked at Keira with a dark expression. "Keera, you've gone too far this time! I need you to apologize to Susan!" 
Keira's jaw tensed. 
Charles and James coughed, exchanged a glance, then couldn't help saying, "Well, actually, this matter isn't that serious; Keera was just afraid you were being deceived... I don't think there's a need for an apology, right?" 
Peter took a deep breath and hesitated for a moment. 
Susan nodded. "Peter, you don't have to worry about how I feel. Since Keera just got back to us, she must have her own thoughts. She probably doesn't want her brothers to focus on someone else... That's why she wasn't eager about our marriage, and she has shown such animosity toward me... I understand. It's because she lacked family love for so many years. I won't blame her..." 
But the more she said, the angrier Peter became. He turned directly to Keira. "Is that really what you think? We've all treated you as a true sister. How can you treat us like this? Even if you don't like Susan, you shouldn't spread these rumors and slander her!" 
James suddenly said, "Keera, actually, Peter is right. When Mary was slandered by Austin, it caused a conflict between Mary and Ellis was created that hasn't been resolved to this day. In the future, you should be careful about what you say about such matters, especially concerning a woman's reputation..." Charles nodded. "Keera, you really didn't think this through." 
James coughed and looked at Susan, "Well, let me apologize to you on behalf of Keera." 
Susan turned her head away. 
Peter immediately said with a cold face, "Keera, this matter is very serious. You must apologize to Susan today!"
###Chapter 530
530 Chapter 529 
Keira knew hacking into someone else's phone was an unethical act. 
But Susan was a sly person, and Keira only hacked into her phone to see if there would be any trace related to the South family of Fox. 
Little did she know that she was digging a hole for herself. 
She looked at Susan and noticed that, although the latter was crying, the occasional glance she sent Keira's way was filled with cunning! 
It was intentional! 
Once Keira realized this, she immediately clenched her fists. 
Fox was even more cunning than she had imagined. They had predicted that she would hack into Susan's phone and foresee all of today's events! 
Susan's previous concessions were nothing but the groundwork for this moment! 
Keira took a deep breath, slowly put down her phone, and then looked at Susan and said, "Sorry, I've wrongfully accused you." 
She indeed had no way out of today's loss. 
Susan immediately said, "It's okay. After you hacked into my phone, it also clarified a few things. When my brother and I went shopping the other day, Keera probably saw us, leading her to assume our relationship incorrectly. Is that right?" 
Susan looked at Peter with a very understanding gaze. "Peter, many scenes in filming are shot through forced perspective photography. The misunderstanding between me and Keera is created just like that." 
James coughed. "Yeah, yeah, since things have been explained, we are all alright now! Let's consider this matter resolved!" 
Charles also played the peacemaker. "Miss Simpson won't hold it against my cousin, right? She was just worried that Peter might be deceived..." 
Susan lowered her head. "Don't worry. As long as Keera can clear my name and clarify things, that would be the best for me. I won't, and I wouldn't dare, to make an issue of it with her... She's the Olsen family's treasure and the darling you all waited so many years for..." 
Her words carried an air of grievance. 
It wasn't about not holding a grudge but not daring to. 
Peter immediately felt sympathetic. "If Keera has done something wrong, there should be some gesture of apology. Look, our wedding is coming up soon; why not let Keera give her future sister-in-law a wedding gift as an apology?" 
He said it casually, but Susan turned to look at Keira. "Is that okay? Actually, I still haven't found a wedding dress. When we were at the bridal shop today, we fell in love with their store's treasure, but upon inquiry, we found out that Mr. Horton had reserved it, saying it was prepared for your wedding... When are you planning to get married?" 
Keira frowned. 
Was Susan using the wedding dress to fish for information? 
She and Lewis were indeed engaged, but the two were not going to get married, as Lewis and Keira were already legally husband and wife! 
While in Oceanion, Lewis, not believing that Keira had died, hadn't deregistered her. 
So, this engagement was real, and the wedding would take place in the future, but they would not go through the registration process again. 
These were details unknown to outsiders. 
But... her third mission was to form an alliance with Scott Martin. If she held a wedding with Lewis, she would give up that third mission. 
Was Susan asking on behalf of Fox? 
Keira pondered for a moment before simply replying, "We're not in a rush." 
Susan immediately said, "If it's not urgent, then can I wear that wedding dress first? I love it so much! It's so dreamy! Wearing it makes me feel like a princess!" 
Keira was perplexed. 
Lewis ordered the wedding dress for her, so why should she let Susan wear it? 
If Susan wore it first, and then what? 
Would Keira wear it again for her own wedding? 
Though Keira didn't mind superficial things, something that belonged to her shouldn't just be given away for nothing! 
Her expression turned darker. 
Seeing this, Susan immediately looked at Peter/ "Peter, did I... say something wrong again?" 
Peter wanted to nod, but facing Susan's tearful appearance, he couldn't express his thoughts. 
He remembered that Keira had just hacked into Susan's phone... 
Peter was a man with a protective instinct toward his girlfriend... 
He turned to Keira and said, "Little sister, Susan really loves that wedding dress. Could you let her have it?" 
Peter knew what he was asking was too much, so he immediately added, "I will contact someone right away to customize a better one for you! Susan and I are in a hurry for our wedding. We're planning to get married in a week, and there's simply no time for haute couture... We really can't find any other suitable one... Let the wedding dress be your way of apologizing to Susan, okay? Consider it a favor that I owe you."
###Chapter 531
531 Chapter 530 
Keira furrowed her brows and looked at Lewis. 
She didn't know that Lewis had prepared a wedding dress for her, but since it had been arranged by Lewis, she couldn't give the dress to someone else. 
She lowered her gaze, her attitude indifferent. "Sorry, I can't do that." 
Peter wasn't surprised by this reaction; after all, no one would want to part with such a thing, as a wedding dress was meant to be kept for life. He was only testing the waters just now. 
The other brothers also started chiming in. 
James said, "Peter, you shouldn't have asked. How can Keera give away something like that?" 
Charles also nodded. "Yeah, wedding dresses are tailor-made, and since Mr. Horton had reserved that shop's most valuable piece early on, it belongs to our sister. Borrowing money is one thing, but a wedding dress? I've never heard of borrowing such a private item." 
James coughed. "We could consider lending other things, but definitely not the wedding dress. Kate and I are also getting married soon, and her wedding dress has been in the works for two years... If someone asked for Kate's dress, I'd definitely refuse!" 
After that, he glanced at Keira, "Of course, our sister is an exception." 
After all, he was a real sister-complex! 
The other two brothers also came forward to smooth things over. 
"Yeah, Peter, your request is just too much. How could Keera possibly lend it to you?" 
They looked toward Keira and Lewis, their eyes shining. "Keera, are you going to hold a wedding ceremony with Mr. Horton? When is it? I'll check out the best restaurants and hotels in Clance for you. Just pick one!" 
"The Olsen family marrying off a daughter is a major event! We must make it grand and glorious! Don't set the wedding date too soon. Give us some time to prepare!" 
"Right, we genuinely hadn't expected to have a sister. Growing up, we haven't accumulated many fine things. We're collecting jewelry from all over the country right now, and we'll make sure to give you the best dowry in Clance!" 
"You guys are real blockheads. I thought of it long ago! When Auntie was pregnant with Peter, I secretly hid a sapphire as big as a pigeon's egg, thinking she might have a girl!" 
James laughed heartily with his arms akimbo. "None of you can beat me on that!" 
The rest of the brothers were speechless. 
Charles immediately became annoyed. "Well played, James. You're so cunning and sly! Guys, can you tolerate this?" 
As his words fell, everyone gathered around James, and with a signal from Charles, three other brothers cooperated with him and quickly hoisted James up. 
Then they aimed him at the nearby staircase pillar and rushed over! 
James immediately cried out, "Guys, have mercy! Put me down! I'm too old for this! I still need to use that part of my body! Kate is counting on me for her happiness in the bedroom! Stop messing with me!" 
The brothers were putting on a show to scare him. 
They were used to roughhousing since childhood. 
The rest of the brothers said, "So, about that pigeon egg-sized gemstone, who's going to give it to Keera?" 
James quickly corrected himself. "It's from all of us, all of us together!" 
"That's more like it!" 
Keira watched the few men with bewildered eyes and suddenly laughed. 
The atmosphere in the Olsen family was warm and without so much scheming. The brothers worked together as one, and even during their playful times, the quietest of them all, a doctor, laughed heartily. 
She lowered her gaze, suddenly finding her brothers quite endearing. 
Peter was also among the playful brothers. After James finished speaking, he turned back and looked at Susan. "Susan, this request is indeed a bit too much. Forget it. Keera shouldn't have hacked your phone, and on her behalf, I apologize to you!" 
Susan saw the siblings messing around, clearly trying to get her to drop the subject, which pained her. 
She lowered her eyes, turned her head toward Keira, and suddenly sighed. "Peter, I know a wedding dress isn't something that can be lent off, but I want to ask one thing..." 
Peter paused. "Ask away." 
Susan then looked at Keira. "If it were Mary who came to you to borrow your wedding dress, would you lend it to her?" 
This question made Keira frown. 
If Mary and Ellis were getting married and couldn't find a suitable wedding dress, of course, she would lend hers to Mary! 
After all, that was Mary... 
Back when Mary and Ellis got married, they were in a rush and didn't have the opportunity to customize a wedding dress, so they bought a premade one. However, Mary wasn't one to fuss over such things. With some alterations, she was satisfied as long as the dress could be worn and looked presentable. 
But Keira knew that Mary, her best friend, would never raise such a request. 
Her face darkened, and she remained silent. 
Susan then turned to Peter, her eyes tinged slightly red. "Peter, I know I don't mean as much to Keera as Mary does, and in her heart, your position can't compare to that of Ellis, especially since Ellis knew her first... I'm not trying to make things difficult for Keera with this wedding dress. It's just... My own family isn't wealthy, and if the wedding dress for the ceremony is just something mediocre, people will look down on me even more. I'm afraid you'll have trouble holding your head up high, too. Moreover... During Mr. Horton's birthday banquet, she was very hostile toward me. Today, she even... She doesn't really consider me as a sister-in-law, does she?" 
This statement made Peter's expression darken gradually.
###Chapter 532
532 Chapter 531 
Peter slowly looked toward Keira. He tensed his jaw and asked, "Keera, do you really not care about me and Susan?" 
Keira frowned. 
James charged over. "Peter, what are you saying? Keera has just returned home. We are in the phase of building our relationship. How can you say such things?" 
Susan took Peter's hand. "Peter, don't say that. You all have been longing for a sister for so many years; of course, you'll have feelings for her. However, Keera didn't grow up in the Olsen family, and she now has so many brothers... She's not familiar with all of you... A wedding dress is a very personal item; it's understandable that she wouldn't lend it to me..." 
Peter looked down with a bitter smile. "Yes, we hold our sister dear as she's the only one we've got, but our sister has six older brothers and one younger brother! What am I to her? If she can lend a personal item like a wedding dress to Mary, why can't she lend it to me? Am I not your brother?" 
His last sentence was a question directed at Keira. 
Keira clenched her jaw, momentarily unsure of what to say. 
Susan had revealed a brutal truth: Keira's bonds with her seven brothers weren't very deep. 
She had never grown up with them, and even after the reunion, she hadn't moved back into the Olsen residence. For most of the brothers, it was only the third time she had seen them. 
How could she talk about deep affection? 
But it was different for them... As they had said, they had been longing for their sister for so many years, expecting her with anticipation. 
So, they readily accepted her and were willing to dote on her. 
Keira let out a deep sigh. Just as she was about to say something, James rushed in front of Peter and punched him in the face. "Have you lost your mind? Keera just got home and hasn't adjusted to our family life yet, and here you are, yearning for reciprocation?" 
Peter, covering his face where he had been hit, angrily asked, "Then let me ask you this: If I'm short of a suit for my wedding, would you be willing to lend me your wedding tuxedo in a pinch?" 
James paused. 
He certainly could because they were brothers! 
But these were words that he couldn't say out loud, and he found himself suddenly at a loss. 
Peter scoffed. "You could, so could I. If any of you guys were getting married, I'd lend mine without conditions! Because we are family! We now regard our sister as family, but does she consider us her family?!" 
Peter dared not retaliate against James and merely clenched his clothes tightly. "Just now, I suddenly realized, the sister that I've treasured so much... in her heart, there's no place for me at all! Or maybe there is some place for me in her heart, but it's insignificant!!" 
James said, "Shut up!" 
Charles also said, "Peter, you've gone too far... Keera has actually been quite nice to us, and besides, feelings develop slowly. I believe that as we continue to interact, she will definitely come to regard us as her real brothers!" 
Peter let out a bitter laugh. "Heh, listen to you! You knew it all along! You all understand that the feelings between us and her aren't mutual!" 
Susan immediately added fuel to the fire. "Peter, don't say that. Keera has had a hard life while you all have lived in luxury. The Olsen family owes her..." 
Peter immediately retorted, "It wasn't me who made her live like that! What do I owe her? She's come home, and I'm thrilled. I gave her the thing I treasure the most as a welcome gift, but what's the result? Turns out, it's me who owes her... I owe her, right?" 
After muttering these words, Peter found himself pathetic. 
James frowned. "We dote on Keera without ever craving any reward. Isn't that what family love is about? Do I treat you well so that you will treat me well in the future?" 
Peter laughed. "But affection is mutual! You don't need to give me anything, but I know that in the face of adversity, we'll help each other! What about Keera? Does she have any feelings for me?" 
Listening to all this, Keira suddenly felt an intense sense of crisis. 
An anonymous text message had told her that Fox was coming to destroy her relationship with the five major families! 
She had always thought it was the Gill family and believed that her bond with the Olsen family was profound, given that she was a member of the Olsen family. 
But at that moment, Susan's presence made her suddenly realize that her bond with the Olsen family wasn't as deep as she thought... 
She hadn't grown up in the Olsen residence, and her relationships with these brothers couldn't be easily judged. 
James continued to speak for her. "Of course, Keera has feelings for you! If she didn't, would she care if you and Susan get married or not? Would she keep suspecting Susan upon seeing that event? Would she knowingly hack into someone's phone illegally to get that picture to prove something?! Although she misunderstood Susan, if she had no feelings for you, she could hypocritically wish you a happy life. Why bother to be the villain here? She's afraid that you're being cheated! How can you be so muddled?" 
Upon hearing this, Peter stood stunned.
###Chapter 533
533 Chapter 532 
Peter wavered. 
It wasn't that he truly harbored any resentment toward "Keera"; it was just that, moments ago, when Susan suggested that "Keera" was willing to lend her wedding dress to Mary but not to them, he suddenly felt a sense of jealousy. 
He and Ellis were both "Keera's" brothers. How could she treat them differently? 
And the difference was just too significant… 
Peter tensed his jaw, his expression softening slightly, when Susan suddenly spoke up. She looked at Keira and said with a pitiful voice, "Keera, family members should understand and respect each other. I know you don't like me, but could you please not treat Peter like this? He really likes you a lot. The days after you just got back, whenever he and I went shopping, he thought of getting something for you… Can't you respect me for his sake?" 
She lowered her head. "I won't hold a grudge about you hacking into my phone. I just hope to get your blessing to marry Peter. Is that too much to ask?" 
Peter then turned his gaze back to Keira. 
Upon hearing this, Keira silently sighed. 
She knew she had to express her stance today. 
Just now, during the dispute between James and Peter, she realized that she had actually been weighing the pros and cons, even contemplating at one point whether to reveal the truth to Peter and muddle-headedly agree to this marriage... 
But now, she understood. 
All of her brothers meant well for her. 
Even Peter, who was kept in the dark, was sincere. How could she remain indifferent?! 
Keira took a deep breath and said decisively, "No." 
Everyone around was stunned, including Peter. 
Keira turned to him. "Whether you believe it or not, I saw it in the mall that day. Her relationship with that so-called brother is dubious. What they did was beyond sibling affection. They were being intimate!" 
James hurried in front of her, tugging at her arm. "Keera, do you have any evidence?" 
"No." 
Keira said it confidently. 
Immediately, James said with a mix of laughter and helplessness, "If you don't have evidence, don't say it so loudly." 
Charles also nodded. "Yeah, Keera, without evidence, don't… don't talk nonsense." 
Both men now looked at Peter. 
Susan was enraged and confronted Keira. "Peter, I can't tolerate this anymore. Keera, I know we've had our issues before, and that's why you won't let me marry Peter, no matter what!" 
Everyone was taken aback. "What issues?" 
Even Keira herself was puzzled. 
Susan bit her lip. "Is it because during college, you lost to me in the campus beauty contest?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She was entirely baffled. 
That was the real Keera's life, not hers. Keira didn't know that Keera's life intertwined with Susan's once! 
Susan bit her lip. "Back then, I won by a few votes, and it was said you were quite unhappy. When we met, the look in your eyes… It just wasn't right. I thought you had forgotten, but are you slandering me now because of that? Keera, that was three or four years ago. We've never had any real conflict of interest, so why bother?" 
Keira instinctively looked at Lewis. 
Lewis had already picked up his phone and handed it to her. 
Keira took it and saw that it was Keera's college intranet page. Four years ago, Keera indeed competed with Susan for the title of campus beauty! 
It wasn't even an official contest... 
Keira was speechless. 
This Fox sure came prepared! 
James and Charles, who could also see the screen, both glanced at Keira and then said, "We don't think Keera is that kind of person." 
"Right, she's married with kids now. Who would be that petty?" 
James even added, "I had unpleasant confrontations with her when I didn't know her identity. If she held grudges, I would be her least favorite brother. What's your little issue compared to that?" 
Susan nodded. "Exactly, what's our little friction compared to all of that? Why can't you just let me be happy with Peter? Keera, is it because I am a woman?" 
Keira said, "I... " 
"I don't want to listen to your nonsense anymore!" Peter finally erupted with anger, glaring at Keira. "What more do you want?!" 
He was panting as he scanned Keira. "I treated you as my own sister, but what about you? You can't provide any evidence for what you said while Susan has all the evidence. How can I believe you?!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She clenched her fists. 
In the next instant, Mr. Olsen's furious roar came from upstairs. "Peter, how can you speak to Keera like that? You ungrateful thing! Come up here right now!" 
Upon hearing this, Peter scoffed and then glanced at Keira before heading upstairs. 
That glance carried disappointment… 
It made Keira's chest tighten slightly. 
But before she could reflect on why, her phone suddenly rang, and she answered immediately. She heard the nanny's sobbing on the other end. "Ma'am, please hurry home! The South residence… The South residence is on fire!! Amy and I are together. I took her out for a walk, but as soon as we got back, we found the house on fire, so I called the fire department. But Miss Mary is still in her room!!" 
These words made Keira stand up sharply!! 
Mary… 
No! She couldn't let anything happen to Mary!
###Chapter 534
534 Chapter 533 
Keira stumbled a bit, and Lewis quickly steadied her. 
The group of brothers nearby immediately looked at her anxiously. "What's wrong?" 
Keira took a deep breath. "A fire broke out at my house! I need to get back now!" 
After that, she followed behind Lewis, striding toward the parking lot. 
The car sped on the way home. 
Keira's phone vibrated once, followed by a text message. "The fire was set by Fox! Keera, haven't you realized the severity of the situation yet? If you don't get married to Scott Martin soon, Fox will have time to break down your relationships with the five major families one by one!" 
Keira's face tensed, and her hands clenched into fists. She angrily stared ahead, grinding her teeth and saying that name. "Fox!" 
Everyone had been anxious about Ellis and Mary's situation, but Keira could clearly see that they were in love. 
The previous misunderstandings were also due to Ellis's azoospermia... 
Their reconciliation was just a matter of time. Keira hadn't been pushing them, only wanting Mary to come to her own understanding and clarity. 
But if Mary really died in the fire, the arranged marriage between the Olsen family and the Davis family would be canceled, and her cooperation with the Davis family would also become less solid! 
The car soon arrived at the South residence, and just upon entering the neighborhood, they saw a plume of black smoke rising into the sky. Firefighters had already arrived and surrounded the villa. 
After seeing this, Keira rushed forward but was immediately stopped. "The fire has just been extinguished; it's still too hot inside. Going in now will get you killed! Our team will do their best to rescue people!" 
Keira was shaking all over, and she asked, "Are there any casualties?" 
The firefighter sighed. "It's not clear at the moment, but just now..." He paused before saying, "When we first arrived, the fire was fierce. Someone seemed to have rushed in, and we couldn't stop him." 
That made Keira's pupils shrink. "Who was it?" 
"It was Mr. Ellis from the Olsen family!" 
The nanny was holding Amy, her voice trembling as she said, "He insisted on going in to save Miss Mary. He went inside before the firefighters arrived!" 
It was Ellis! 
Yes, how could Ellis stand by and do nothing when Mary was in danger?! 
He had always been around here, trying to make Mary forgive him. 
Keira tightened her jaw. 
Following behind Keira, the group of Olsen brothers rushed over and exploded upon hearing this. 
James shouted loudly, "It's Ellis!" 
Charles swayed, his eyes turning red instantly. "It's Ellis... He did it to save his wife!" 
Peter had just been about to follow Mr. Olsen upstairs to accept punishment, but seeing Keira's troubled face and all the brothers following her, he came along as well. 
Hearing this, he immediately rushed to the firefighter. "Can the people inside survive?" 
The firefighter hesitated for a moment, finally sighing. "The fire was too intense. Nearly all the rooms burst into flames immediately, and we couldn't get inside at first. We managed to extinguish the flames gradually by cooling the house from the outside, but the temperature inside, we estimate, could reach 300 degrees. No one could survive in such high temperatures..." 
At these words, everyone was stunned. 
Their eyes grew red, including Peter and a few other brothers, who immediately looked toward the South residence, which was now left with only its outer frame. 
Suddenly, they stepped forward. 
"Ellis!" 
"Ellis!" 
"..." 
A desolate emotion spread among everyone, and they disbelievingly stared at the South residence. 
Ellis... ever since Uncle Olsen decided he would remain unmarried for life, Ellis had been tacitly acknowledged as the next head of the Olsen family. 
Since he was a child, he had been sent to the best places to study, always setting an example for his brothers. He had been an excellent elder brother. 
The Olsen family's atmosphere was genuinely one of fraternal respect; none thought about usurping the position because everyone knew that even if Ellis became the successor, he wouldn't cast them aside... 
Instead, Ellis would work hard to expand the Olsen family's business to make money for them. 
They all trusted each other! 
Because of that, the other brothers could pursue their own interests, with some studying music, some medicine, and some martial arts. They didn't have to carry the family responsibilities, all because Ellis alone had carried the family's heavy burdens! 
James's legs staggered, his knees buckling as he knelt toward the blackened ruins of the South residence. With tears rolling down his cheeks, he cried out, "Ellis!" 
The other brothers broke down in tears, one after the other, kneeling as well. 
Peter stared dazedly at the blaze. 
He and Ellis had the closest relationship because his other brothers all had their passions and interests, and he had the fewest opinions. 
So, he had always stayed at home, spending the most time with Ellis... 
He watched everything before him in a daze, struggling to imagine whether Ellis's kind face truly vanished from this world. 
Keira clenched her fists tight. 
Just then, a voice came from the side, "Keera, are you satisfied now?" 
Several people turned their heads only to see Susan with tears streaming down her face. She stared at Keira as she asked, "If you had persuaded Mary to forgive your Ellis sooner, they would have already moved into the Olsen residence. How could they have died in this fire?"
###Chapter 535
535 Chapter 534 
Susan's questioning brought a sudden silence to the scene. 
Everyone turned to look at her. 
James began instinctively. "How can you say such a thing? It was an accident! Keera didn't know there would be a fire!" 
Charles also nodded. "Yeah, how can you blame Keera?" 
Peter was also stunned, and he tugged at Susan. "What nonsense are you talking about?" 
Yet Susan pushed Peter away with tears streaming down like rain. "Don't you all think the same? Or is what I said incorrect? If Mary had forgiven Ellis sooner, and they were living at the Olsen residence, how could such a thing happen?" 
She wiped her tears. "Peter, you always tell me how great and admirable Ellis is. You should be the one who respects him the most! But what about now? It's because of her that Ellis and Mary died in the fire! 
"You are all grieving and in pain here; surely you must blame her, too, right? You're just too afraid to say it or to resent her. I am merely voicing what you all are thinking!" 
Susan looked angrily toward Keira. "Why, during the fire, was your entire family away, including the nanny? Why was Mary at home alone?" 
Keira looked at her coldly. "What do you mean by that?" 
After scheming against Peter and instigating a rift between him and Keira, was Fox now trying to use Ellis to divide Keira from the rest of her brothers? 
Susan indignantly said, "I didn't want to think too much either, but now that Ellis, the head of the Olsen family, is gone, a new heir must be chosen. You are the daughter of our third uncle, while the rest of us are just cousins. Your father had already designated Ellis as his heir before, so you didn't stand a chance, but what about now? Aren't you the most likely to inherit everything in the family?" 
Keira didn't speak but looked toward her brothers, "Do you all think this way, too?" 
James was the first to speak up. "Definitely not. I believe in my senior sister!" 
As the senior sister of the Freeman Sect, Keira was also the heir, but since her returned, she had made it clear she had no such intentions. James was going to marry into the Freeman family and inherit the Freeman Sect instead. 
James, having misunderstood her in the past, had had the most contact with Keira. 
Though she seemed cold, she was actually a considerate person, otherwise, she wouldn't have helped Matias and Nara. Moreover, the Olson family had already given her a substantial share, so she could earn money without doing anything... She was soon to be married into the Horton family. Why would she covet the Olsen's inheritance?! 
Charles immediately chimed in as well. "I believe in Keera as well!" 
Even the rest of the brothers nodded. "Right, Keera isn't like that! None of us even want that inheritance; if she wanted it, all she had to do was say the word or even subtly hint at it, and Ellis definitely wouldn't have contested her! What my brother really yearned for was freedom..." 
In the end, Keira looked toward Peter. 
Peter's face darkened. He tugged at Susan and said, "Don't spout nonsense here. Keera isn't that kind of person!" 
At that moment, Keira felt a warmth she hadn't felt in a long time. 
She scoffed, turning her gaze to Susan. 
Susan's eyes flashed with panic. She didn't expect the brothers to trust "Keera" so implicitly. Not only did her words fail to drive a wedge between them, but they also left herself looking bad. 
But she quickly regained her composure, lowering her head. "I was speaking out of turn. I was thinking too much, and it was my fault. I just felt sad, and I felt it was unfair to Ellis and Mary! They trusted Keera so much, and Mary was even Keera's best friend... But now, they perished in the fire. Everyone is crying so painfully, yet Keera remains so composed, without even shedding a tear..." 
Susan gave a bitter smile. "So, in my haste and desperation, I spoke without thinking..." 
As soon as she finished her sentence, several brothers immediately looked at Keira. 
At this moment, Keira indeed seemed terrifyingly calm. Although her pretty face was tense, there genuinely were no tears in her eyes, and she was very sober. 
She indeed appeared to be somewhat heartless. 
Here were all these people crying and wailing for their elder brother, yet she was like that... 
James immediately said, "Keera must be very sad, but her character has always been aloof, and her emotions are always restrained..." 
Charles chimed in meekly. "Right, that's just how Keera is..." 
Just as the two of them finished speaking, Peter suddenly shouted, "You two, stop deceiving yourselves! Aloof? To put it plainly, she doesn't care about us!" 
Peter looked straight at Keira and angrily asked, "What are Ellis and Mary to you? What are we brothers to you? We treat you like a sister and hold you in the palm of our hands, but what about you?!" 
He wiped away a tear and shouted, "Do you even consider us your real brothers?!" 
James and Charles grabbed him, and James scolded him. "What nonsense are you talking about!" 
Susan was just beside them and said, "Keera, at least cry a little to make everyone feel a bit better." 
Keira was speechless. 
Even if she cried now, it would seem forced. After all, how could she possibly cry when she was coerced like this? 
Keira scoffed. "I can't cry." 
Susan continued to provoke her. "How is that possible? Your brother has been so good to you. Are you not sad at all? You'll upset your other brothers!" 
Keira stared at her, enunciating each word. "I am not sad." 
Hearing this, a look of delighted surprise appeared on Susan's face. "Not sad? How can you be like this? Ellis was, after all, your brother! How can you say such cruel things? How will your other brothers live with themselves in the future?!" 
This made all the brothers turn their gaze toward Keira. 
Peter clenched his fists, and with each word punctuated, he asked, "Are you really not the least bit heartbroken? The people who died in the fire were your elder brother and your best friend! How can you be so cold?!" 
Susan looked at Keira, her eyes flashing with a hint of triumph. "Yeah, Keera, you've really disappointed us all. Ellis and Mary were so good to you, yet you can't even muster a bit of sadness. What kind of sister are you? What kind of member of the Olsen family are you?" 
Peter was trembling with rage as he glared at Keira. 
James and Charles exchanged glances, both equally puzzled as they looked at Keira. 
In the next moment, however, they saw Keira suddenly laugh. "They're not dead, so what do you want me to be sad about?"
###Chapter 536
536 Chapter 535 
Keira's calm statement made Susan's smug expression vanish instantly. 
Her pupils contracted as she looked at Keira in shock. "What do you mean?" 
Keira pushed her aside, took a step forward, and looked at the firefighter. "Has the temperature dropped? Can we go inside to rescue people now?" 
The firefighter was confused. "Our team has been inside trying to rescue people, but we haven't found them..." 
Keira said, "Check the basement. There's a safety room there. The two of them should be in that place." 
The firefighter paused and exclaimed with joy, "Okay, I'll have my colleagues go rescue them right now!" 
After the firefighter rushed in, everyone turned their attention to Keira. 
James and Charles couldn't help but ask, "What do you mean?" 
Keira said indifferently, "I just took some minor safety precautions." 
As she spoke these words, she looked at Susan. 
Ever since she learned that Fox had come to Crera to sabotage her work, she and Lewis practiced in advance, thinking of countless ways Fox might ruin her relationship with the five major families. 
The Gill family had taken safety measures for Nara long ago. Lewis had already sent people to protect Nara, and any approach by strangers would be met with vigilance. 
They hadn't anticipated that Fox would take such a big detour, starting with Gary, which almost resulted in Nara dying at Mrs. Spencer's hands. 
Fox could neglect anyone but Mary. 
Once reconciled, Mary and Ellis's relationship would once again form a resilient alliance between the Davis family and the Olsen family, ensuring their relationship remained unbreakable. 
Thus, once the idea of murder took hold, Fox would definitely try to kill Mary by any means necessary. Only with Mary's death could the possibility of reconciliation between the Olsen and Davis families be severed... 
Therefore, Keira had long ago instructed Mary not to go anywhere and to stay at home. 
Moreover, there was a secret passage in her room that led directly to the basement. 
This passage wasn't Keira's doing but something she had discovered in Keera's diary... She didn't know how many horrific events Keera had gone through, but secret passages had been arranged in the master bedroom, children's room, and the guest room where Mary stayed. 
As long as she could reach the underground safety room, she wouldn't be affected by fire or flooding. 
The only drawback was the need for timely rescue; otherwise, the air would be depleted, and the people in the room could still die. 
Of course, this drawback wouldn't affect the current situation at all. 
Keira had placed enough oxygen and food for two people for three days in the safety room. 
Keira had long ago taught Mary how to get to the safety room, so if Ellis had rushed in as soon as the fire started, he definitely would have entered the safety room with Mary. 
Ellis would have been in danger if he hadn't reacted in time. 
But just now, both the firefighters and the nanny said that Ellis went in soon after the fire started... 
As Keira was pondering, a voice came through the firefighter's headset. "Found them. Both are safe! They'll be rescued immediately!" 
The firefighter immediately reported this news to everyone. 
James quickly wiped the corners of his eyes with his sleeve, complaining, "Keera, seriously! If you knew Ellis would be fine, why didn't you tell us sooner? You made me shed a few drops of crocodile tears..." 
Upon hearing this, his second brother gave him a stern look. "Mind your language in front of your Keera!" 
Charles then said, "I told you, Keera isn't that kind of cold-blooded person! She wasn't anxious or crying at all. It turns out she knew they weren't in any danger!" 
James immediately looked at Peter, reprimanding, "What are you waiting for? Why don't you apologize to Keera?" 
Peter looked at Keira with an awkward expression, somewhat stubbornly retorting, "Why didn't you say something sooner? I was just... worried out of my mind." 
Keira didn't respond to Peter's words, but instead turned to Susan. "Mary and Ellis are fine. Are you disappointed?" 
Her words made everyone turn to look at Susan. 
Susan's eyes flickered, and then she lowered her gaze. "Keera, how could you say that? I was just panicked and misspoke earlier. I didn't know Ellis and Mary were safe... I'm sorry. I shouldn't have accused you." 
After that, she looked apprehensively at others, then at Peter. "Peter, I really didn't know. I thought Keera didn't care about you guys because she wasn't worried at all, so I blurted out without thinking..." 
Peter clenched his jaw. 
James snorted. "You sure blurted out quite a few things today, huh!" 
Susan was taken aback. 
James rolled his eyes. "Keera said you were messing around, and we initially didn't believe her. After all, she didn't have proof, and we didn't want to suspect you, but you've been drawing attention to yourself over and over... Peter, are you sure she's the right choice?" 
Hearing this, Peter looked at Susan with suspicion. 
If it hadn't been pointed out, he wouldn't have noticed that, indeed, right from the start, Susan had been setting the tone to target "Keera". 
He clenched his jaw tight.
###Chapter 537 Fox Gives Itself Away
Chapter 537 Fox Gives Itself Away
Peter looked Susan up and down, and just as he was about to speak, her eyes were filled with tears. "Peter, do you suspect me too? We've been together for two years. Can't you trust me? I saved your life back then. I almost died for you, and still, you don't trust me!" 
Her eyes welled up with grievance. 
Peter immediately gave in. "I didn't mean it. Please don't cry..." 
Susan turned away from him. "If you can't trust me, we might as well not get married!" 
After Susan said this, she headed out dispiritedly. 
Peter anxiously turned to see Mary and Ellis being escorted out by firefighters. Seeing that they weren't seriously injured, he immediately ran after Susan. 
However, the Olsens didn't pay much attention to them. They walked up to meet Ellis and Mary. 
Mary was still in her pajamas, her belly slightly protruding after three months into her pregnancy, but because of her slim figure, one couldn't tell unless they looked closely. 
She must have come into contact with something charred when she had just come out, as there was a bit of ash on her white pajama. 
Ellis, however, looked much more disheveled than her. 
His suit was tattered and burned, with several holes in it. His face was covered in soot, and there was a slight burn on his arm, but it had been bandaged. 
Yet his expression was one of pleasure. 
Adversity revealed true feelings. 
When the South residence caught fire, Ellis charged into the blaze. The fire spread quickly, and the smoke was thick. He covered his mouth and nose and rushed to Mary's room on the second floor. 
The door was closed. He knocked and shouted from the outside, but it didn't open. 
Eventually, with no other choice, he kicked the door open and burst in to rescue Mary, only to find the room empty. 
The sheets and quilt had started to burn, but there was no one there. 
But the bedroom had been locked from the inside earlier. He immediately rushed into the bathroom, but there was still no sign of Mary, and he began to call her name. 
Just then, the wardrobe suddenly moved. A door opened, and Mary ran out anxiously, looking at Ellis. "How did you get in here?" 
Stunned to see her, Ellis replied, "I came... to rescue you." 
He looked at the closet she had emerged from. It was obviously made of metal and was impervious to the fire... 
He immediately asked, "Is there a hidden passageway?" 
Mary nodded, covering her mouth and shouting amidst the flames, "Come quickly, let's hide in the basement!" 
Ellis nodded, rushing out of the bathroom. 
But just as he stepped out of the door, he saw a burning stick fall from above, heading straight for Mary! 
Ellis didn't have time to think. He instinctively extended his arm to deflect the stick, and in the process, his arm was wounded. 
But he didn't have time to examine his injuries. He rushed over to Mary. "Are you all right? You were hiding, and yet you came back out here. It's too dangerous! Why did you come back?" 
Mary almost rolled her eyes at him. "If I hadn't come back, what would you have done?" 
The fire was strange. It escalated within a minute, leaving no chance for people inside to escape. She was lucky because she thought she heard something, and that instinct prompted her to check upstairs. Otherwise, she couldn't imagine what would have happened to her! 
She grabbed Ellis's hand. "Quick, follow me!" 
They entered the hidden passage and closed the heavy iron door behind them. 
The tunnel was made entirely of steel. It was insulated but with limited oxygen; they hurried to the basement, which was very large and even had a bed... 
Ellis looked around and couldn't help but say, "Was my action unnecessary?" 
Mary rolled her eyes again, picked up the first aid kit, and came over to him. "Lift your shirt." 
Ellis obediently sat down, exposing the burn on his arm, which had a line of blisters and looked quite awful. 
Mary looked at it, feeling a sting of pity. "Don't you know to call first? You just rushed in like a hothead! What if I wasn't here? You would have burned to death, wouldn't you?" 
Ellis lowered his eyes. "I was outside all the time, watching the blaze. Why would I call you first? Besides, you never came out. I was watching." 
Mary paused for a moment. "Didn't I tell you to leave? And you stayed outside?" 
"Yes." 
Ellis didn't explain much, fearing that it would pressure her. He looked at Mary and said, "I just want to be closer to you." 
Mary's motion of applying the medicine paused slightly. "Why bother?" 
Ellis then said, "I misunderstood you before, and it was all my fault. It's only right that you can't forgive me, but I really don't want to lose you." 
Mary paused, slowly lifting her head, her eyes slightly moist. 
In life and death, one saw the truth of feelings. Ellis wasn't even sure if she was definitely in the villa. He just hadn't seen her leave and had rushed in to save her without regard for his own life. How could she not be moved? 
Ellis noticed her softened demeanor and immediately seized her hand. "Mary, can you give me another chance?" 
Mary lowered her head. "We'll talk about it later." 
She continued to dress his wound. 
Although she disagreed, she had softened a lot. 
... 
Thinking of that moment, Ellis looked at Mary again with a bright light in his eyes. 
He said, "Mary, the South residence has been burned down, and you and Keera don't have a place to stay for the moment. How about coming back home to stay for a while?" 
Mary cast him a stern look and looked at Keira. "Keera, where are we staying?" 
How could Keira not see the subtle changes between the two? 
If Mary were resolute in not forgiving Ellis, Keira definitely wouldn't make Mary feel uncomfortable. 
But if Mary had softened, Keira would naturally play the peacemaker. 
James and Charles both had sharp eyes. 
"Keera, why don't you come home to stay?" 
"Yeah, Uncle has already prepared your room for you! It's very spacious. You and Amy can stay there. Don't worry!" 
Keira touched her chin and frowned. After making Ellis nervous, she finally said, "Alright, let's go back to the Olsen residence." 
"Awesome!" 
Her brothers jumped up in excitement. 
After a while, James suddenly fell silent for a moment, then said, "Um, Keera, if you really can't stand Susan, just make Peter move out." 
Keira, however, smiled. "That won't be necessary." 
She was moving into the Olsen residence not just to bond with her brothers but also to keep an eye on Susan! 
Did they really think that Susan had her completely under control every step of the way? 
Keira's lips curved slightly, and she picked up the Bluetooth earpiece and placed it in her ears. 
Immediately, Susan's footsteps and breathing came through the earpiece. 
Keira looked down. 
Today, after hacking into Susan's phone and finding the photos of that young man, Keira still felt that everything was a bit too easy. 
This might be another one of Fox's schemes. 
Of course, Keira had to fight back the same way, which was why she later showed everyone the photo and gave Susan a reason to attack her. 
Everything seemed to be at a disadvantage for Keira but in fact… 
Keira had already silently planted a virus in Susan's phone, which had now become Keira's listening device! 
Susan wasn't Fox; Fox's methods should be more classy. Therefore, Susan was just a pawn of Fox! 
As long as Keira kept monitoring Susan, she would eventually find Fox's trail. 
Indeed, she heard Susan lower her voice. "I'm reporting to Fox. The mission has failed!" 
At these words, Keira's pupils shrank. 
Fox had finally blown its cover!
###Chapter 538
538 Chapter 537 
Keira had been vigilant ever since she learned that Fox from the South family had entered Crera. 
But even now, she still knew very little about Fox. 
Now, she had finally found a trace of Fox. 
After Susan finished speaking, there was a brief silence on the other end, followed by an electronic voice. "Idiot! You're under surveillance!" 
Keira wasn't surprised that the other party was aware. 
After all, the South family, who could quietly take away her mother and create a murder case in Oceanion that left everyone clueless, must be very formidable. 
At least for now, Keira didn't even know which clan the other party belonged to, let alone their whereabouts. 
Right now, she was merely looking for an opportunity to talk to Fox. 
Susan was stunned for a moment before saying, "Sorry, Master." 
Fox's electronic voice continued. "It's not your fault. Rabbit is smarter than I thought." 
Rabbit? 
Was that Keera's code name? 
It seemed the people of the South family all had code names. 
While Keira was pondering this, she heard Fox say, "Rabbit, won't you say something?" 
Susan stopped talking. 
Keira fell silent for a moment, then said, "Who are you?" 
"Rabbit, I can't answer that question because identity itself is a form of protection for people like us. You don't know who I am, yet I know who you are—that's my advantage." 
Keira was slightly taken aback. 
So, was her sister so low-key in Clance because she had to protect her identity as Rabbit? 
She clenched her jaw. "What on earth is the South family up to? And what exactly is your organization?" 
Fox laughed. "Do you want to know all that? Then let's play a game." 
Keira asked, "What kind of game?" 
"You must be aware of my purpose for coming to Crera, as your guardian should have told you—other than ruining your relationships with the five major families, it's to grab Scott Martin. Whoever can marry him wins! This is the bet between you and me, so let's see who will win, shall we?" 
Keira paused slightly. "The conflict with the Gill family has been resolved. Mary and Ellis have reconciled, and my relationship with the Davis family has been mended. The Freeman Sect and the Allen family also trust me. Your only trump card now is Susan, right? Are you trying to dissolve my relationship from within the Olsen family?" 
"I don't know what you're talking about, but Rabbit, familial affection is the most useless thing in this world. I will show you how, one by one, your brothers will drift apart from you! Now, the game begins!" 
"If it's a bet, then what's the stake?" 
"You're such a cunning Rabbit. Fine, if you win, I can share the information with you. But if you lose..." 
Fox paused, then suddenly laughed. "Just hand over Amy to me." 
Amy was Keera's daughter! 
Keira's pupils shrank sharply. "That's impossible!" 
"ions are futile, for the loser has no right to bargain. By then, you won't have the power to stop me." 
Keira's eyes flashed fiercely. "Fox, I will find you! And I will kill you!" 
Fox was crazy! 
They incited Mrs. Spencer and Gary for the Gill family's sake—Gary didn't deserve to lose! 
Human nature was the least resistant to tests. 
If Mrs. Spencer hadn't been deluded by Fox, if she had given in to Gary regarding him and Nara and later found out about Nara's background... Gary and Nara might have lived happily ever after! 
But Fox didn't care about these lives at all... They even went so far as to set fire to the South family. If it hadn't been for Keira's precaution, Mary and Ellis would have perished in the blaze, too! 
Fox not only did these things but also set their sights on a child, something Keira could never forgive! 
Fox laughed. "Well, I hope you can... Find me as soon as possible. This game is really quite fun!" 
After hanging up, Susan's rustling around could be heard, but soon, there were no sounds at all. 
Keira's Trojan virus was uncrackable; that meant the phone must have been physically destroyed. 
Keira took off her Bluetooth headset. 
Lewis approached her and asked, "How did it go? Any clues?" 
Keira curved her lips into a smile. "I've got a few pieces of information." 
It was as if she was explaining to Lewis and analyzing for herself: 
"First, the South family members who operate outside all seem to use animal codenames. My sister's codename is Rabbit. From this, we can assume that there are many others like her and Fox in the South family! The exact number is unknown, but from what Fox said, it's clear that they probably don't know each other and only recognize codenames, keeping their real identities secret. 
"Secondly, Fox just mentioned a term, 'the Guardian'. I guess this person must be the one who's been sending me messages, assigning tasks, and giving warnings. This person is specifically there to assist me, and for now, I believe they have no ill intentions. 
"Also, the reason for Fox's visit to Crera wasn't merely to disrupt my relations with the five major families. Susan is their subordinate, and they only need to command from a distance. One of their actual goals in coming to Crera is to form an alliance through marriage with Scott Martin! So, this confirmed she's a woman! Another point to note, aside from Susan, is Scott Martin himself, who is also someone we should pay close attention to! Since Fox intends to marry him, she will definitely appear by his side! We can determine her identity by examining the women around Scott Martin in this period." 
Lewis nodded. "I've had Tom keep someone on Scott Martin's tail. I'll have him send all the information about the women Scott Martin has been in contact with." 
Keira nodded, her expression showing concern. 
Seeing this, Lewis asked, "Is there something else bothering you?" 
"Yeah." 
Keira clenched her fists tightly. "Fox made a bet with me, saying if I lost, she would take Amy away. Why would she want to take away a child who is only three years old? I even have the feeling that Amy might be her ultimate goal this time!" 
Lewis frowned, equally puzzled. 
Keira shook her head, and seeing that Lewis seemed to want to say something, she quickly asked, "Do you have any clues?" 
Lewis hesitated for a moment before answering, "It's not really a clue, but... have you noticed something quite incredible?" 
Keira was taken aback. "What is it?" 
Lewis lowered his gaze, "Based on the information we have, your grandmother, your mother, and your sister's surnames are all South, and you also used 'South' as one of your pseudonyms, which means all of you are from the South family." 
Keira immediately understood. "Are you implying that Fox also has the surname South?!" 
Lewis nodded. 
Keira's eyes brightened instantly. "That idea is indeed interesting." 
After this conversation, they got into a car that headed toward the Olsen residence. 
The South residence had burned down, and there were no possessions left to pack up, so the people made their way to the Olsen residence in great numbers. 
In the car. 
Lewis and Keira were sitting in the backseat when Lewis's phone chimed suddenly. 
He immediately took it out. "Tom has sent me the list of women who have been close to Scott Martin." 
Keira quickly leaned over to look at the screen with him. 
The list was straightforward. 
It detailed precisely when and where Scott Martin met each woman and what their backgrounds were, allowing one to ascertain whether any of them could possibly be Fox. 
They started by looking through the names on the list. 
There were almost none among the women Scott Martin had met whose names contained the word "South". 
Lewis scrolled down from the top. As he did, he suddenly caught sight of the word "South'" and exclaimed immediately, "Got it!" 
Keira immediately looked over, but Lewis was frowning. 
Keira asked, "What's wrong? Is this someone we know?" 
Lewis fell silent for a moment before handing the phone to her, indicating that she should look for herself. 
After seeing the name, Keira seemed to be taken by surprise as well, twitching the corner of her mouth. She noticed that the only person on the list with "South" in their name was...
###Chapter 539
539 Chapter 538 
Keira looked closer at that name. 
She then turned to Lewis with an awkward smile, unable to decide whether to cry or laugh. 
Lewis coughed lightly. "That person is named Erin South, and actually, her name and timeframe do match up." 
Keira was almost rolling her eyes. "But her surname is Martin. She's Scott Martin's own sister!" 
Indeed. 
Among all the names of women close to Scott Martin on the list, only Erin South Martin's name contained "South". 
However, it just so happened that Erin South Martin was the one who would never marry Scott Martin. 
Keira rubbed her forehead and looked through the names on the list again – there were actually quite a few women, some of whom were Clance's high-class ladies who were already engaged or married. The rest were still under investigation. 
Lewis coughed again. "Actually, if you think about it, the 'South' in your names might be a trademark of the South family, so the other party would definitely not be so foolish as to reveal their identity." 
Keira nodded in agreement. 
She used "South" as one of her pseudonyms because of her childhood admiration for her mother, Jodie South. If she had taken a regular name, it most likely wouldn't have included "South. 
As for her grandmother, Lady South, her mother, Jodie South, and her sister, Keera ... It seemed like Jodie had no father, so she used Lady South's surname. Keera was stolen by the South family, so of course, she also carried the surname "South". 
Maybe Lewis's guess was simply a coincidence? 
As they pondered, the car entered the Olsen family's property. 
On their way back, her brothers had already informed Uncle Olsen, so the moment Keira arrived at the parking lot, she saw Uncle Olsen standing at the entrance, looking at her. 
The man was fifty years old, and his hair was turning gray, but it couldn't hide the handsomeness of his youth. He stood there steadily, gazing at Keira. Uncle Olsen was usually as cold as frost and taciturn, but he smiled slightly. "Keira, welcome home." 
He called her Keira... 
Keira felt a sudden warmth in her eyes, and she lowered her head, "Thanks." 
Neither of them was talkative by nature. Having said that, Uncle Olsen stepped aside. 
James hopped over. "Sister, welcome home!" 
Charles also smiled. "Right, right, we've prepared a lavish dinner for tonight. Keera, what would you like to eat?" 
Keira was infected by their enthusiasm, and her face lit up with a smile. "I'll eat anything." 
After that, Lewis added, "She doesn't like ginger. Don't put ginger in the dishes." 
Keira paused momentarily, looking at him in surprise. "How do you know?" 
Indeed, she didn't like ginger. 
She was a chef with a culinary certificate, so she understood that ginger was an essential seasoning, but she didn't like the taste. Having grown up in the Olsen family, she had no room to be choosy—being able to fill her belly was already a luxury! 
So, she had never told anyone. 
Even at meal times, she never had any dietary restrictions. 
Lewis just smiled. "Every time you eat, you would skip over the ginger slices, and if a dish had ginger in it, you would take a couple fewer bites." 
Keira's gaze softened gradually. 
She had never expected that her little unknown quirk would be noticed by Lewis, who usually observed her with such careful attention. 
Uncle Olsen also glanced at Lewis and, with approval, patted the latter's shoulder, seemingly in praise and appreciation of his recent comment. 
Once Keira and Lewis entered the house, Uncle Olsen looked at Ellis and Mary, who were following behind. 
Mary felt a bit embarrassed under his gaze. 
Ellis said, "Uncle, the South residence burned down, and Mary is moving back in." 
"I see." 
Uncle Olsen didn't ask further and just said, "It's good to see you back." 
Mary felt very comfortable with the atmosphere at home. 
Finally, the group made their way into the living room, where they cheerfully started chatting. The servants had already cleaned the rooms they would be staying in upstairs. 
After chatting for a while, as everyone was getting ready to eat, the butler entered and reported, "Sir, Mr. Scott Martin has arrived with his sister." 
As soon as these words came out, Charles immediately said, "Then let them in quickly!" 
The butler went out with a smile. 
Keira exchanged a glance with Lewis, and the two of them simultaneously turned toward the doorway. 
They had just been discussing Scott Martin, but who would have thought he'd arrive so soon? 
And... with his sister? 
While Keira was puzzled, she saw Scott Martin walking in with a girl. 
Scott bore the look of a mixed-race person with profound and sculpted features, especially those piercing eyes that seemed especially deep when he looked at someone. 
Keira's gaze, however, fell upon the girl beside him—Erin South Martin. 
The girl was naturally petite and exquisite, a head shorter than Scott, but very sweet-looking. Her face resembled Scott's somewhat, and her eyes were framed by long, dense eyelashes. 
Erin was discreetly observing the people in the room at the moment, her clever eyes appearing very innocent. 
She was exceptionally beautiful. 
She first curiously looked at Keira, then cast a meaningful glance at Scott: Is this the girl you fancy? 
Scott immediately coughed. 
Erin raised an eyebrow, then her gaze swept over Lewis, assessing him for a moment before looking back at Scott. 
Erin raised her eyebrows again: This guy looks alright; you didn't lose unjustly! 
Scott gave her a stern look, then began to introduce everyone. "This is my sister, Erin South Martin. She just came from abroad to stay with me." Then he pointed to the brothers of the Olsen family and introduced them one by one, and every one replied politely. 
But when it was Charles's turn, Charles stared at Erin, his eyes almost glued to her. 
Erin gave him an annoyed glare, and only then did Charles realize his gaze was too overt and immediately withdrew his eyes. 
Only then did Erin appear satisfied. 
Charles said, "It's great that you and your brother have come; we're just about to eat. Join us!" 
Because there were two additional young guests, the Olsen family's elders went elsewhere, leaving the dining room to the younger ones. 
During mealtime, Peter also returned with Susan. 
Keira then observed the relationship between Susan and Erin South Martin... 
If Erin were Susan's boss, then there would definitely be some interactions between the two! 
Although Erin was Scott's sister, Keira was still not able to dismiss her suspicions... 
As she was pondering, she saw Susan's gaze sweep over everyone and then land on Erin, scrutinizing her. 
Erin only looked at Susan for a moment before heading toward the restroom. 
Keira immediately followed, and upon entering the restroom, she suddenly turned to Erin. "Hello, Fox."
###Chapter 540
540 Chapter 539 
Erin looked at her in bewilderment. 
The girl's large eyes showed a hint of cunning as she stared at Keira for a while before asking, "Are you talking to me?" 
Keira narrowed her eyes. "Stop pretending." 
Erin frowned. "But my name isn't Fox!" 
Then, she had a sudden realization. "I get it now. In Crera, do you call beautiful women 'fox,' and is that why you called me that? Thank you!" 
She smiled sweetly, washed her hands, and then stood beside Keira, waiting for her. 
Keira watched her closely all this time; the girl hadn't slipped up once. 
Either Erin's acting skills were too superb, or Keira had really mistaken her for someone else. 
Keira washed her hands, too, and they left the restroom together. When they got to the dining table, Erin said, "From now on, everyone can call me Fox!" 
Upon hearing this, Keira instinctively looked toward Susan. 
She saw only a slight furrow of Susan's brow, followed by a look of disbelief cast toward Erin. She then eyed Erin with disdain. 
Immediately, Charles asked, "Why?" 
Erin looked at Keira. "Because Keera just called me that, and I heard that in Crera, people really like to give nicknames. She must have meant that I'm like a fox, so she called me that!" 
James and Peter both twitched their mouths, and James couldn't help but say, "Is it possible that it's not a good word?" 
Erin looked at him with confusion. "I've read your Creran books. Don't they call beautiful women 'foxes'? Why isn't it a good word?" 
Charles immediately agreed. "It's a good word. Of course, it's a good word! You're just as beautiful and enchanting as a little fox!" 
Erin immediately lifted her chin and gave Charles a look, then snorted with pride. 
Straightaway, she walked over to Charles like a little princess. 
Charles immediately pulled out a chair for her to sit on. Erin took her seat and looked at the dining table. "Wow, the food looks so delicious!" 
She clumsily picked up the fork and began to pick up some food. 
However, the fork seemed uncomfortable to use, and she looked up at Scott. 
Scott then put some food on her plate. 
Erin fiddled with the food before finally putting it into her mouth. 
Moreover, her cheeks were puffed up as she ate, resembling a cute little hamster, giving off a very endearing vibe. 
Keira looked at Erin, her gaze involuntarily softening. 
As she was contemplating, a fork reached into her plate, and when Keira turned her head, she saw Lewis placing a rib on her plate. 
Keira smiled slightly. 
She took a bite, bowing her head. 
James and Charles immediately exchanged glances and then simultaneously reached out with their fork toward a plate of shrimp, each grabbing one to place on Keira's plate. 
"Keera, eat this!" 
"Keera, have some shrimp!" 
They exclaimed in unison. 
After that, the other brothers were slightly startled, and they started putting food on Keira's plate as if afraid to be left out. 
Ellis watched them and twitched the corner of his mouth. "That's enough! Keera only has one mouth. How do you expect her to eat all of that? Don't you see her plate is already full?" 
With that, he put beef onto his unused plate. He then placed it in front of Keira and took away the plate that was overflowing with food. 
Ellis said, "Keera, eat this." 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
James was the first to speak up. "Ellis, you're cheating!" 
"Exactly, Ellis, that was the food we picked for Keera. How could you do that?" 
The importance of seniority became evident. 
Ellis casually glanced at them and then slowly said, "So what if I ate that food? Is that not allowed?" 
The younger brothers immediately turned their heads in indignation and looked toward Mary. "Sister-in-law, you have to do something about Ellis!" 
However, Mary only agreed to move back. She hadn't decided to stop the divorce process yet. 
She actually felt quite awkward having dinner here. 
However, when the brothers called her sister-in-law, an inexplicable emotion welled up in her chest, and she was quite touched. 
She glanced at Ellis. "Don't bully your brother." 
Ellis immediately smiled and pushed the plate in front of him toward her. "Mary, this is for you. You need to eat well..." 
After saying this, he suddenly realized something, gave her a once-over, then leaned in closer to her and said in a lowered voice, "Mary, you've been gaining weight lately. You've gotten fuller." 
Mary didn't know what to say. 
Would he rather suspect she got fatter than suspect she never had a miscarriage? 
Mary almost rolled her eyes! 
Her mouth twitched, and she was about to say something, but looking at all her brothers-in-law at the table, she couldn't bring herself to speak and bowed her head to eat. 
Lately, the baby was growing vigorously, and her appetite was astonishing. 
After Keira finished the beef on her plate, Lewis piled on the green peppers she liked to eat. Keira looked at Lewis in surprise. "How do you know what I love to eat?" 
She wasn't picky about food at all. 
Yet Lewis always managed to guess exactly what she wanted to eat. 
Lewis spoke in a soft tone, "I just know from observing." 
Those words made Keira pause slightly. 
A warm current surged through her chest once again. 
That was what it felt like to be cared for... 
She curved her lips into a smile. 
Susan stared at the table full of dishes and watched the deep affection between the siblings. Her eyes cast downward. 
Suddenly, she turned to Peter. "Peter, I feel a bit unwell. Could I get someone to make some sweet ginger water?" 
Peter immediately called out to the kitchen, and in less than two minutes, a maid brought over a cup of ginger water. 
Susan immediately reached out to take it. 
But in the next moment, her hand trembled, and the cup spilled over the table, soaking all the food on it!! 
James immediately stood up. "It's over! Keera doesn't like ginger!" 
He then looked at Susan, "You..." 
Susan's eyes were already filled with tears, and she looked helplessly to Peter for aid. "Peter, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it. I just suddenly got a stomach ache..." 
James took a deep breath, wanting to say something, but remembering she was Peter's fiancée and thus his sister-in-law, he controlled himself. 
Keira, on the other hand, furrowed her brow. 
Susan was just too much! 
Lewis had reminded the others that Keira didn't like ginger, and Susan ended up pouring ginger water into all the dishes. 
Couldn't she have a peaceful meal? Did Susan really think Keira couldn't handle her? 
Keira sneered and set down her fork.
###Chapter 541
541 Chapter 540 
Keira coldly looked at Susan, her eyes narrowing. Just as she was about to speak... 
"Smack!" 
A plate of food suddenly slammed into Susan's face! 
Susan was completely stunned and looked incredulously at the person who did that. 
Everyone turned to look at her as well. 
Erin pulled out a napkin, wiped the grease off her fingers, and coldly said, "You're so gross! You put ginger water in all the dishes with your saliva in it. How can we eat this food now?" 
Susan wiped the vegetable leaves hanging on her face, utterly infuriated. "The ginger water was just brought over. I haven't even drunk from it. How can my saliva be in it?" 
Erin paused slightly, then patted her head. "Right, I forgot." 
Then she looked at Susan. "Sorry, I didn't do it on purpose. I just got angry momentarily and thought you were making us eat your saliva..." 
While she spoke these words, she imitated Susan's expression from just a moment ago, instantly darkening Susan's face. 
Peter was also confused. 
Originally, he couldn't tell that Susan was faking it, but Erin's deliberate bad acting made it obvious she was doing it on purpose. With this comparison, Peter immediately realized something. 
He turned to look at Susan. "Did you do it on purpose?" 
Susan immediately said, "No, Peter, it was an accident. When the ginger water was brought over, it was a bit hot. I couldn't hold onto the cup..." 
No sooner had she finished speaking than Keira scoffed. 
She slowly stood up, looking at Lewis. "Can you hand me a bowl of soup?" 
The two exchanged a glance, and Lewis smiled a little. 
He picked up a bowl, filled it with soup, and handed it to Keira, who immediately took it. The moment she touched the bowl, she let go of it instantly. 
The bowl of soup immediately dropped onto the table. Although the soup spilled out, it only soiled the area right before her. 
With all the people in the family, the Olsens used a large, round dining table. 
The soup spilled, but there was some distance from the other dishes on the table, so only the food in front of Keira got a bit splashed. 
Keira looked at Peter. "That's how one reacts when holding something scalding. If you knew it was hot, why would you push the bowl away and spill it all over the table?" 
Peter was taken aback and immediately looked at Susan. 
Susan's face turned instantly pale. 
She swallowed and looked at Keira in disbelief. "I... I didn't think. I just reacted out of my instinct..." 
"Your instinct was to push it away? That's so different from other people's!" 
Keira curled her lip and said nothing more. 
Susan tensed up nervously. 
She didn't expect that today, everyone would stand against her. 
She immediately said, "I didn't do it on purpose. There must be some misunderstanding between us. How could I do this on purpose? You said you didn't like ginger, so why would I target you specifically? This is really just a misunderstanding!" 
This time, before Keira could speak, James couldn't help but interject, "Susan, since you walked in, you've been deliberately targeting Keera. What's the issue between you two? Is what Keera said true?" 
Erin immediately asked curiously, "What's that?" 
"It's about that man she's supposed to fool around with! Since Keera saw it and told us, you've been intentionally targeting her! Other than that, I really can't think of any other reason!" 
James blurted it out. 
Erin's eyes lit up immediately, and she turned to Susan. "So, you've been messing around with someone else? And you got caught? No wonder... The moment I walked in, I felt hostility from you toward Keera!" 
Susan shot back at once. "How could you tell? Don't be ridiculous!" 
Erin retorted. "Call it a woman's instinct!" 
Susan was speechless. 
Seeing that she couldn't win the argument, she immediately glanced at Peter. "Peter, I don't care whether others believe me; I only care about you! If you don't believe me, I might as well leave!" 
Peter frowned. 
Susan picked up her bag, pretending to leave. Seeing that Peter still hadn't stood up, she lowered her head in a show of grievance. "Peter, can't you see my feelings for you? I could even give up my life for you! When you had that car accident, the car was leaking oil, and everyone said it would explode. I was the one who pulled you out. We both almost got blown up... I never thought we would come to this..." 
The impact of those words was significant. 
Sure enough, Peter stood up, took Susan's hand, and then turned to Keira. "Keera, I'm sorry about how things turned out today, but Susan is my lifesaver, so can we let this incident go?" 
Keira tightened her jaw and scoffed. 
Peter sighed. "Let's wait a few more moments. I'll ask the kitchen to make some new dishes." 
After that, he led Susan into the kitchen. 
James frowned once the two were gone. "This lifesaver trick works wonders. Next time Kate has some trouble, I'll save her. That way, she'll never give me a hard time again!" 
"Tsk, tsk, tsk!" Charles said, "How can you curse Kate like that?" 
James couldn't help but complain, "I'm not cursing her. It's just that Kate is way too fierce, like a tigress..." 
While they joked, Keira looked toward the kitchen, sighing. 
In truth, she had countless ways to kick out Susan, but what about after that? 
Susan saved Peter's life, and he would forgive her no matter what. 
Even if her relationship with that so-called brother really came to light, Peter might still be bound by this lifesaving deed. 
Keira lowered her eyes, letting out a sigh. 
Was there a way to solve this trouble for good? 
She frowned. 
Determined, she stood up and headed toward the kitchen. 
Before she got close, she saw a maid standing not far away, watching Peter. 
The maid looked about twenty-five years old, and Keira didn't think she had seen her around before. Perhaps sensing Keira's gaze, the maid immediately looked over. "Hello, Miss." 
Keira nodded at her. "Are you new?" 
The maid nodded. 
Keira then asked, "Do you know my fifth brother from before?" 
The maid hesitated, glancing at Peter, then said, "He seems familiar, like someone I rescued from a car accident a few years ago..." 
Keira asked, "What did you say?"
###Chapter 542
542 Chapter 541 
Keira didn't catch what she said, so she asked the maid. 
The young maid immediately averted her gaze. "No, it's nothing..." 
She sneaked another look at Peter. 
Years ago, as she passed a highway, she saw someone crash their car. She rushed over and found the car leaking oil. Without thinking too much, she immediately rescued the person from the vehicle. 
Looking back, it was quite dangerous. They had just walked away when the car exploded. They could have been fatal if things went wrong. 
Afterward, she called 911 but was in a hurry to deliver a parcel, so she left first. When she returned after making the delivery, she heard that the person had been taken to the hospital. 
She didn't get involved any further. 
However, even if that person was that gentleman, it didn't mean anything... 
As the young maid pondered this, she heard someone calling her from the kitchen. "South, where on earth are you?" 
The maid immediately said, "I'm coming..." 
Then she entered the kitchen. 
Keira immediately frowned. 
South? 
Was the maid's surname South? 
Was it a coincidence, or... 
Keira pursed her lips and approached the nearby butler. "That maid South, what's her background?" 
The butler said, "Her? She's a trained maid. I heard she dropped out after high school and has been delivering parcels ever since. She later came to our house and was selected after an interview. She underwent three months of training before she assumed her position. Miss Olsen, did she do something inappropriate? Do you need her to be dismissed?" 
Keira immediately said, "No, I was just asking. What's her full name? Is her surname South?" 
The butler answered, "No, that surname is quite rare. She's Jenkins, South Jenkins." 
So, South was her given name. 
Keira nodded and returned to the dining area. 
Erin was insisting on her conclusion. "My instinct is never wrong! Susan is targeting my sister-in-law!" 
As soon as she said this, she was so startled that she immediately covered her mouth. 
The others also turned their gazes toward her. 
James asked in confusion, "What sister-in-law?" 
Erin's dark gaze fell on Scott, and then she awkwardly chuckled, "No, it's nothing..." 
Charles immediately pressed. "There must be something, spit it out!" 
Erin looked up at the sky and coughed lightly. "My brother likes Keera, so he wants her to become my sister-in-law." 
Scott immediately retorted, "Don't be ridiculous!" 
No sooner had he spoken than Lewis's expression darkened. 
Scott quickly said, "Miss Olsen is already engaged." 
Erin looked at him. "Is she married?" 
"Not yet." 
"Then you've got a chance!" 
The others didn't know what to say. 
Everyone was stunned and then eagerly turned their attention toward Lewis. 
Lewis's face grew dark as he turned to Scott. 
Scott coughed lightly. "Well, please don't take it the wrong way. It's just that my grandfather is forcing me to get married, and I didn't agree, so I made up an excuse..." 
Erin immediately scoffed. 
Scott gave her a wary look, and Erin fell silent. 
Lewis, however, continued to press. "What excuse?" 
Scott glanced at Keira awkwardly. "I just said I was already in love with someone, and Grandpa pressed me hard, insisting I told him who it was. There aren't many young women I know in Crera, so in a panic, I said Miss Olsen..." 
Erin said sarcastically, "Right, he was panicked. It's nothing serious." 
Scott immediately glared at her again. 
Erin stuck out her tongue, then turned her head away. 
That cute gesture caught Charles's attention several times, making him blush. 
How could there be such an adorable girl in the world? 
More importantly, Erin got along well with Keera, unlike Susan, who was always causing trouble. 
So, if he could win Erin's heart... 
As Charles thought about it, he blushed even more. 
Erin said, "Come on, even my brother isn't blushing. What are you blushing for?" 
Charles quickly covered his face. "Am I? Well, maybe it's because I ate something spicy just now!" 
Erin immediately expressed her confusion. "Spicy? I love spicy food but haven't seen any just now..." 
Charles hastily changed the subject. "What's your favorite food?" 
"I like your Creran spicy chicken." 
"I know a place that makes great spicy chicken. Do you want to try it?" 
Erin's eyes immediately lit up. "Sure, when can you take me out?" 
Charles coughed and glanced at the kitchen. "They'll take at least an hour to make dinner, so why don't I take you there now?" 
Erin nodded enthusiastically. "Great!" 
After that, the two didn't care about the others and headed straight out. At the door, Erin suddenly remembered something and turned back to Scott. "Brother, you'd better come up with a good plan! Otherwise, Grandpa will force you to marry your cousin! Maybe Miss Olsen is willing to help you? In all of Crera, only Miss Olsen's status is a good match for you. She's probably the only candidate that'll shut Grandpa up, right?" 
Scott was so infuriated that he immediately said, "Just go already!" 
Erin then left. 
Keira watched her leave, deep in thought. 
Could such a food-loving, lively girl be Fox? 
As she pondered, Lewis suddenly asked, "Who's the cousin your sister mentioned?" 
Scott immediately responded, "Mr. Horton, please don't get it the wrong way. Although I like Miss Olsen, I also know how to appreciate true beauty. It's just that Grandpa was pressuring me, so I had to mention Miss Olsen's name..." 
As he spoke, he gave Keira a longing and profound look that was filled with emotion, but he quickly averted his gaze. 
Lewis looked down and said indifferently, "I'm not misunderstanding anything. The cousin Erin mentioned wouldn't happen to have the surname South, would she?" 
"How do you know?" 
Scott said with surprise, "Did you guess from Erin's middle name? Erin's mother is indeed from the South family. Our cousin is the daughter of my mother's brother, so she also has the surname South, and her name is Vera." 
Keira was taken aback. 
She looked at Scott in disbelief. "You mean your cousin is named Vera South?" 
"Yes," said Scott. 
Scott asked, "Is there a problem with that name?" 
Keira smiled. "No, I just didn't expect..." 
Her gaze shifted to Lewis. 
Lewis also showed a hint of amusement. "It turns out that the most difficult search can end with effortless discovery." 
Vera was to marry Scott, and her surname was South. She must be Fox! 
Keira suddenly turned to Scott. "I wonder if there's a chance to meet this cousin of yours?"
###Chapter 543
543 Chapter 542 
Scott was perplexed. "You want to meet her?" 
"Yes." 
"...Why?" 
Scott's eyes lit up. He wondered if Miss Olsen could be interested in him as well. 
But he didn't dare say that out loud. 
Keira lowered her gaze and said, "It's nothing. Is she in Crera?" 
"Yes, she came with Erin, and now she's living at my house, and... my grandfather is here." 
Scott showed a troubled expression. 
As soon as his grandfather arrived, he pressured Scott to marry his cousin. 
But he had absolutely no feelings for Vera! 
He didn't want to get married! 
Yet his grandfather was the head of the family, practically the one who could decide Scott's marriage with a single word, rendering his resistance futile. 
All he could say was that he was already in love with someone. 
But his grandfather insisted on meeting the woman... 
At this thought, Scott looked toward Keira, his eyes lighting up suddenly. "How about you come to my place to hang out with us tomorrow?" 
Keira thought for a moment and nodded. "Okay." 
She would go and see that Vera South. 
If things were as she expected, Vera would definitely be Fox. 
Scott then bowed his head, a smile breaking across his face. 
While they were talking, in the kitchen, Peter and the maids had quickly whipped up a few more dishes and placed them on the dining table. 
After Keira and Lewis finished eating, they took Amy upstairs. 
Her room was already arranged, a suite suitable for a family of three to live in. 
The rest of the people also went back to their respective rooms. The Olsen brothers, who rarely came back together, gathered to play cards. 
Susan looked displeased as she watched Peter, and then she left the room. 
Just as she stepped out of the card room, she bumped into the maid, Jenkins, colliding with the latter full-on. 
Jenkins was carrying a fruit plate, which was scattered on the ground by the collision. She had been trained in etiquette and knew not to blame the host family, so she immediately apologized and started picking up the things from the floor. 
The butler had said that the house owners were very amiable and that an immediate apology would make everything fine. 
But Susan kicked at her unexpectedly, knocking Jenkins to the ground. 
Jenkins was stunned. 
Looking down from her height, Susan spoke with disgust. "In this house, even a maid thinks she can disrespect me now!" 
Jenkins quickly waved her hands. "I didn't mean it, Miss Simpson. It was an accident. I didn't do it on purpose, I..." 
Before she could finish, Susan pointed at her own clothes, angrily saying, "You've smeared my clothes, and you must compensate me! Otherwise, I won't let you off!" 
Jenkins bit her lip in anger. 
After a long while, she took a deep breath. "Fine, how much is it? I'll pay you." 
She would just have to consider herself unlucky. 
But as soon as she had spoken, she heard Susan say indifferently, "Thirteen thousand dollars." 
"What?!" 
Jenkins was shocked and looked at Susan in disbelief. 
She looked at Susan's clothes in shock. "These clothes are worth thirteen thousand?" 
Susan sneered. "Of course. How could someone as poor as you recognize that? Can you afford this dress? If not, it'll be deducted from your salary!" 
Jenkins bit her lip with tears in her eyes, but she took a deep breath. "Miss Simpson, this is beyond my capabilities. Besides, it was you who didn't look where you were going and bumped into me." 
Susan immediately responded angrily, "What are you saying? Are you accusing me of being blind?" 
"I didn't say that, I…" 
"What then?!" 
Susan took a step forward and slapped Jenkins across the face! 
"Slap!" 
The crisp sound of the slap echoed in the corridor. 
Jenkins was stunned. She covered her face and then glared at Susan before retaliating with a slap. 
Susan was shocked. "You're just a maid! How dare you hit me?" 
Jenkins scoffed. "It's the twenty-first century; everyone is equal. What's wrong with being a maid? Does that make me inferior? What kind of an idea is that?" 
Susan breathed heavily, furiously staring at Jenkins. 
"What's going on here?" 
At that moment, they heard Peter's voice. 
Susan quickly went up to him, speaking in a whiny tone. "Peter, she wasn't watching where she was going and smeared my dress. She even hit me!" 
Peter looked toward Jenkins. 
Jenkins pointed to her cheek. "I should have a slap mark on my face, too, right? Miss Simpson, why do you like to make biased complaints so much? Aren't you going to mention the slap you gave me?" 
Susan said with a mix of grievance and anger, "Peter, do you see? I just can't marry you and live in this house! Your sister targets me, and even a mere maid doesn't respect me! Is she under someone else's orders, which is why she dares to treat me this way?" 
Jenkins was about to roll her eyes. "Do you have a persecution complex or something?" 
Susan grew furious. "What did you say?!" 
Peter sighed. "Susan, it's enough. What's the point in arguing with a maid? It's just a dress. I'll buy you a new one tomorrow and transfer you the money in a bit!" 
Susan took a deep breath but kept her gaze on Jenkins. 
By now, quite a few of the household staff had gathered around. 
Susan felt if they found out she had been humiliated and still let Jenkins go unpunished, what kind of authority would she have in the Olsen family afterward? 
Susan's eyes were filled with tears. "Peter, I saved your life. You promised you wouldn't let me suffer any grievances. Is this your idea of no grievances?" 
She lowered her head and wiped her eyes. "I was impulsive when I hit her, but what right does a maid have to hit back? She must apologize to me for this!" 
Upon hearing this, Jenkins snorted, "That's impossible!" 
Susan immediately looked at her and said, "Peter, do you see? Because you always fail to defend me, I have such a low status in this family! Are you going to stand by and watch me being bullied?!" 
Peter paused for a moment, then helplessly turned to Jenkins. "Regardless of everything, you shouldn't have hit her. For that, you should apologize to Susan!" 
Jenkins asked, "Why should I?" 
Peter said, "Because I'm the head of this house. Are you going to apologize or not? If you don't, I'll have the housekeeper fire you!" 
Fire her? 
The Olsen family's domestic staff enjoyed less workload and higher pay; many sought such positions. How could Jenkins afford to lose this hard-earned job? 
She pointed at Susan furiously. "Just because she saved you once, you're biased toward her?" 
Peter said, "Yes! Susan saved my life, so of course, I won't let her be wronged! You don't have to pay for the dress. Just bow and apologize, and that will be enough!" 
Jenkins's eyes turned red. "What if I had saved you as well?"
###Chapter 544
544 Chapter 543 
As soon as Jenkins spoke, Peter was slightly startled. 
Then, he frowned and looked at her. "What did you say?" 
Susan also looked toward Jenkins, puzzled. 
When Susan happened to pass by the accident site and saw Peter lying on the ground next to a burning car, she realized it was an opportunity. 
The bystanders were all saying that a young girl had bravely rescued someone. 
Having had her eyes on the wealthy Peter for a while, and with him barely paying her any attention, Susan immediately recognized this was a good chance. 
So, Susan rushed over and stayed by Peter's side. 
Indeed, when Peter woke up, Susan asked him some questions, only to find out that he had no idea who had saved him, so she just went along with it. 
Susan wondered what Jenkins meant by that. 
Jenkins looked at Peter and scoffed, about to speak when the commotion drew the attention of everyone else in the room. 
They all came out one after another. 
James asked, "What's going on this time?" 
His choice of words reflected his extreme impatience. 
Peter also wore an embarrassed expression, while Susan's eyes turned red with grievance. "Your maid hit me." 
"How is that possible?" James immediately retorted. "Our maid has always been professional and never hits people randomly. You must have done something deplorable, haven't you?" 
Susan hadn't expected him to say such things and was stunned on the spot. 
"How is that possible?" James immediately retorted. "Our maid has always been professional and never hits people randomly. You must have done something deplorable, haven't you?" 
Susan hadn't expected him to say such things and was stunned on the spot. 
She looked at him incredulously. 
James, with resentment, turned to Peter. "Peter, manage her. How much trouble has she created since she came into this household? If you can't handle her, the two of you should move out! Our family has many brothers, and when we were young, we would all get punished equally by our parents regardless of who was at fault. How come so many issues have arisen?" 
Hearing that, Peter couldn't lift his head. He clenched his jaw, looking toward Susan. 
For the first time, he felt tired. 
He had long noticed that Susan was vain. She always wanted money from him for shopping. 
But he had always obliged her since he was never short of money. 
Besides that point, Susan had always seemed considerate. How had she suddenly become like this? 
Peter was confused. 
At that moment, Susan suddenly rolled up her sleeve to reveal an ugly burn scar hidden beneath. 
That was the blister Peter had seen on Susan's arm when he had woken up in the hospital. She claimed it resulted from rescuing him, saying it was no big deal. 
Later, he had even bought many scar removal ointments for her, but none worked. 
Any doubt that Peter had just started to harbor instantly dissipated. 
If she could risk her life for him, then a few faults didn't matter... 
His gaze immediately softened, and he firmly said, "James, Susan saved my life, and I won't allow you to speak of her this way. Besides, as you said, both sides get punished when brothers fight, so shouldn't Susan and the maid both be punished?" 
James frowned. "Tell me, how do you want to handle this?" 
After thinking for a moment, Peter said, "How about this? I'll have Susan apologize to her, but I want the maid to pay for Susan's clothes." 
Upon hearing this, Jenkins was shocked. 
That dress cost thirteen thousand dollars, not just three hundred! 
She immediately ed. "No way!" 
"If that's unacceptable, then get lost." 
Peter rubbed his temples with a headache and scolded. 
Jenkins's eyes were rimmed red. 
As a maid in this household, she earned a monthly salary of three thousand, which was unattainable elsewhere. 
She couldn't afford to lose this job! 
Jenkins bit her lip. Just moments ago, she thought dignity was the most important thing, but now, she felt her dignity lay shattered on the ground. 
She looked at Peter. "There's no need for Miss Simpson to apologize. I'll apologize, alright? Just don't make me pay for the dress!" 
Peter nodded, about to agree. 
Susan, however, said bluntly, "No, I want you to compensate for my dress. Peter loves it, and that's what I insist on!" 
Susan had seen Jenkins's distress and wanted to make a point to teach Jenkins a lesson. She couldn't care less about apologizing to the maid. 
Jenkins clenched her fists tightly. 
Susan turned to Jenkins. "I'm Sorry. It was my fault for not looking where I was going and bumping into you." 
Jenkins's fists were clenched so tightly. She wanted to say something but didn't know what to say... 
She looked pleadingly at the butler. 
The butler then shook his head at her. 
Jenkins's eyes were bloodshot red as she hung her head and took a deep breath. "Fine, I'll pay!" 
Indeed, the dress was worth thirteen thousand, five months of her salary. 
But without this job, she couldn't find another that paid this well... 
After leaving these words, she crouched down and placed the fruits that had fallen to the floor on the fruit plate. Then, carrying the plate, she walked away. Afterward, she returned with a cleaning cloth to wipe the floor clean. 
Her movements were smooth and fluid. 
James and Peter found it somewhat unbearable to watch. 
Their family never mistreated the help. 
Satisfied, Susan excitedly hooked her arm with Peter's. "Peter, let's go back to the card game." 
The mood for fun had already faded from the group. 
So, finding an excuse, they dispersed. 
Peter escorted Susan away, and after arriving at her place, he looked at Susan. "Susan, I think in the future, you should..." 
"Peter, I know. I'll love you even more from now on. For you, I can give up anything! Whatever happens, I'll always be there for you, ensuring that no threat comes to your life!" 
The lecture Peter had intended got stuck in his throat. 
After a moment, he smiled at Susan. "Alright, Susan, thank you for saving my life!" 
On the drive home, Peter stared ahead, suddenly recalling the words Keira had said and Susan's abnormal behavior over the past few days. 
He sighed suddenly. 
Was this choice of his the right one? Regardless of whether his sister's words were true or false, he was starting to feel like breaking up with Susan. 
But then he would remember how she had saved his life... 
He was still thinking about it when he returned to the Olsen residence. After parking the car, he was ready to go upstairs. 
Just as he was about to enter the bedroom, he heard someone sobbing nearby. 
Turning around, he saw Jenkins carefully wiping the bay window with a cleaning cloth. 
She did her work meticulously, yet her eyes were red-rimmed, and he could hear occasional sobs, which made her look all the more pitiable. 
The more Jenkins thought about it, the more aggrieved she felt. In her anger, she blurted out, "Had I known it would come to this, I should have left him at the scene of the car accident! That's what he deserves!"
###Chapter 545
545 Chapter 544 
Peter had just approached when he heard Jenkins crying and saying something, so he immediately asked, "What did you say?" 
Jenkins was startled. When she turned her head and saw it was Peter, she immediately glared at him, said nothing, and turned back to continue her work. 
Today, her task was to clean the windows, one of which was near the second-floor corridor and required her to reach high. 
Jenkins was up on a ladder while cleaning the windows. 
Peter accidentally touched the ladder, and it immediately began to tilt. Jenkins swayed. Her pupils shrank from fear, and she let out a scream. 
Then she fell from the ladder. 
Seeing this, Peter didn't think twice before immediately catching her in his arms. 
The expected pain didn't come; instead, Jenkins landed in a pair of strong arms. Opening her eyes, she saw Peter, which scared her into pushing him away. 
Then she fell onto the ground, hurting her backside. 
Peter immediately stepped forward. "Are you okay?" 
Jenkins asked angrily, "Why did you let go?" 
Peter said, "Didn't you push me?" 
He touched his nose awkwardly and then looked at his palms. 
Susan liked him, and he knew it, but when he was with Susan, he always felt calm, like still water, never knowing what it felt like to be passionate about someone. 
Even when they hugged or kissed, he still didn't want to take it further, and he didn't feel much of anything. 
Only just now, when he held Jenkins and felt the firm and soft buttocks of the woman in his hands, he felt as if his palms had been burned. 
He now felt somewhat panicked, his face turning red. 
Jenkins's eyes turned red, yet she stubbornly got up from the ground, straightened the ladder, and climbed back onto it. 
Peter asked, "Why are they making you clean such high windows? Is the butler bullying you?" 
Jenkins said irritably, "He has been so good to me. Don't slander him! I finished my work early today. The butler wanted to hire someone from outside to clean the windows, but I told him I could do it!" 
Peter immediately frowned. "Everyone has their duties. Why are you doing this?" 
Jenkins was infuriated. "Why do you think? To please you, of course! Or maybe I'm hoping for a Prince Charming falling for me, the poor Cinderella!" 
Peter was perplexed. 
Seeing his expression, Jenkins got even angrier. "You're just an ignorant, rich young master who never had to lift a finger! I'm doing this to make money! Money! Your girlfriend's dress is worth thirteen thousand. How can I repay the debt without earning money?" 
After saying this, Jenkins said, "By the way, can we discuss something? I'll repay that money in installments. After I get my monthly salary, I'll give Miss Simpson 2,500 dollars. I'll need to keep five hundred for my living expenses." 
Peter was amazed. "You don't even have thirteen thousand in savings?" 
From the time he could remember, his parents gave him a bank card containing the pocket money he'd usually receive every year, roughly around several tens of millions. 
So, to him, thirteen thousand was like thirteen dollars to ordinary people. He couldn't comprehend what that amount of money meant. 
Hearing him say that made Jenkins even more upset. 
She scoffed. "I only have five hundred in my account! I always use my monthly salary! Are you happy now, Young Master Peter? How could us poor people save up thirteen thousand? Do you know what that much money means for an average family? It's their annual income!" 
Peter was speechless. 
Seeing the dumb look on his face, Jenkins suddenly thought she might have misunderstood him. 
He asked Susan for an apology because he felt it was wrong for Susan to have hit Jenkins, and his idea of having Jenkins compensated with money might be his way of ensuring fairness. 
For a moment, Jenkins didn't know whether to laugh or cry at his attitude. 
She turned around, ready to continue working, when Peter walked away. 
Jenkins was dumbfounded. 
She thought people like him would never understand the struggles of those at the bottom. 
Jenkins sighed and resumed her diligent work. 
When Keira left the house, she saw what was happening. She paused briefly, then called over the butler and whispered some instructions to him. 
She had heard about today's incident as well. 
Susan had taken it out on Jenkins because she had felt slighted by Keira. 
That was indeed an undeserved misfortune for Jenkins. 
Keira felt a tad guilty toward Jenkins and instructed the butler to transfer thirteen thousand to Jenkins, hoping to smooth over the incident. 
Having risen from the lower classes, Keira understood Jenkins's predicament. 
The butler nodded and said, "Miss, you are as kind-hearted as you're beautiful." 
Keira said, "Uncle, you are my elder. Just call me Keera." 
The butler was also part of the extended Olsen family, so he felt uncomfortable always addressing her formally as "Miss". 
The butler smiled, "Alright, I'll take the liberty then. Keera, you have no idea how delighted Master Sam is that you could come back! He had a room prepared for you as soon as he knew of your existence. There's a surprise in the first drawer of the desk in your room." 
Keira was momentarily stunned and immediately returned to her room. Upon opening the drawer in the study, she saw a photo frame. 
She recognized Jodie South at a glance. 
It was an image of Jodie South at the age of twenty. Keira shared a striking resemblance to Jodie South. She had always lived with her mother and had grown used to her appearance, so she hadn't noticed it before. But now Keira realized just how much she and her mother looked alike—it was no wonder people often mistaken her for Isla even when Keira was still an illegitimate daughter. 
Keira then looked at the middle-aged woman next to her mother in the photo. That must be her grandmother, Jessica South, who looked very much like her mother in her forties. Jessica seemed very gentle, and Keira didn't resemble her much. 
Keira touched her own face. She shared fifty percent of her mother's features, and the other half, they say, resembled Uncle Olsen's mother, so it made sense that she didn't bear much likeness to Jessica. 
Her eyes dazzled as she stared at the photograph, mesmerized. 
Her mother had told her that a big fire had claimed her grandmother's life, as well as their home in Clance, leaving nothing of her grandmother behind. Keira hadn't expected that Uncle Olsen had kept a photograph of them... 
Wait a minute, something's not right. 
A big fire?! 
The South residence, too, was destroyed by a big fire! 
Keira suddenly lifted her head, her eyes brimming with contemplation. 
Why were both incidents related to a fire? 
If the fire at her villa was set by Fox, who then started the fire at her grandmother's house back in the day? 
Keira frowned, feeling as if she was beginning to understand something... something was frantically spinning in her mind. 
When all impossibilities were discarded, the truth might just be in front of her! 
Keira's eyes suddenly lit up as she realized something—she had figured it out!
###Chapter 546
?546 Chapter 545
The South family... Grandma...
Jodie South had been hiding in Occanion for so many years. She was a capable woman, yet she only maintained a modest level of comfort for the family... In essence, how was her approach any different from Keera's?
It seemed like they were both avoiding something...
Fox, Rabbit...
So, Jessica South's incident was also the South family's doing.
Did every generation have to go through this kind of struggle?
The losers exited the stage, like Keira's grandma.
She managed to stay hidden because of Jodie South, but Keera was taken away by the South family and got involved in their battles.
Keira felt like she was beginning to touch upon the edges of some of the South family's secrets.
If she could find out a few more things through Fox, perhaps she would be able to understand what the South family was all about!
Keira pondered as she continued to look at the photograph.
Suddenly, she sensed something odd and hastily picked up the photo to look at its back.
Sure enough, there was writing there.
The handwriting was elegant, likely that of a woman. Below the date and location was a line: "All is well, no need to worry.
Keira frowned.
Jodie was too young at the time, and Keira knew Jodie's handwriting, so the words on the photo must have been written by her grandma.
But to whom was Grandma sending this photo?
Keira touched her chin.
"No need to worry"... Was it Grandpa? After all, Jodie couldn't have just popped out of a rock.
Or could it have been Grandma's close female friend? Or someone from the South family?
Keira couldn't guess. With a sigh, she put the photo down and thought for a moment before sliding it into her wallet.
After all, that big fire had burned all of Grandma's possessions, and this photo was the only one remaining of Keira's mother and grandma...
Outside.
Jenkins had just finished cleaning the windows and was about to leave with the ladder when he heard Peter, who had just stepped out, asking the butler, "Where is that maid?"
Jenkins's heart skipped a beat, fearing he was looking for more trouble with her, and hastily hid in the storage room nearby.
Then she heard the butler. "She was just upstairs working. I'm not sure where she is now!
"Oh, got it."
After Peter said that, the sound of footsteps headed upstairs.
Jenkins held her breath with resentment filling her chest!
She recognized right away that Peter was the man she had saved from the car accident, yet the man kept causing her trouble.
What was he up to this time?
It's just outrageous!
As Jenkins thought this, she heard Peter calling out for her. 'Hey, little maid, where are you? Anyone there?"
Jenkins took a deep breath.
Didn't this man have any manners? Being a maid was just her job, not her name!
She rolled her eyes.
When the noise from outside had finally died down, Jenkins sighed in relief and opened the storage room door. She peeked around to see no sign of Peter and stepped out.
"That bastard is here to cause me trouble again! I can't let him catch me out..." She muttered as she
prepared to go downstairs when suddenly someone tapped her shoulder.
Jenkins spun around only to find Peter standing right behind her, smiling.
Jenkins almost jumped.
Why was this guy still haunting her?
She stared wide-eyed in panic and shouted, "Don't even think about making me pay more, hear me? The thirteen thousand is already five months of my salary! If you want more, I'll quit, you...
Before she could finish, a bag appeared before her.
Jenkins blinked.
Peter said, 'Open it and see.
Jenkins frowned and peeked into the opened bag. Inside was a dress identical to the one Susan had on, which had been ruined by the fruit.
Jenkins was stunned. "What's this?"
"When Susan comes back, you can give it to her, Peter scratched his head. "I didn't realize thirteen thousand dollars meant so much to you, nor did I know it was that much money... Give her this dress, and you'll be cleared of all debts."
Jenkins looked at him. 'I'll pay you back slowly...
Peter immediately said, "That won't be necessary... I know you're innocent, and you didn't do it on purpose. Besides, that dress will be good as new after a wash...
At this point, he sighed. "I just thought we could end this matter if both sides gave a little. Consider this dress a reimbursement from me!
Hearing this, Jenkins blanked out for a moment.
She never expected Peter to say such a thing. Could Peter be so kind-hearted?
Perhaps, in his view, the issue between Jenkins and Susan was like a mere squabble between brothers, and Susan's apology and Jenkins' compensation could cancel each other out...
Of course, Jenkins was also responsible for bumping into Susan; she shouldn't have walked so fast in the house and should have paused at the doorway.
She was silent for a moment before saying, "Thanks, but I'll give you the money once I've saved enough."'
Peter smiled. "You don't need to; otherwise, it wouldn't be fair to you. Actually, Susan is quite a nice person. You just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Otherwise, Susan is usually kind and wouldn't make things difficult for you.'
"Alright then!
Jenkins smiled, looked at. Peter, and took the dress. "Thanks a lot, then. Consider this dress as
gratitude for saving your life!"
"What do you mean?"
###Chapter 547
547 Chapter 546
"What do you mean?"
Peter asked.
Jenkins waved her hand dismissively. "It's a trivial thing. Let's not talk about it. Thanks anyway!"
With one hand holding the bag and the other carrying a ladder, Jenkins was about to go downstairs when Peter immediately took the ladder from her. 'Let me give you a hand!"
Jenkins paused slightly. "This ladder is very heavy!"
Peter rolled up his sleeves. "Are you suggesting that I'm weaker than a woman?"
Jenkins gave a small smile and handed the ladder to Peter.
His hands obviously sank under the weight.
He was nearly overwhelmed by the ladder, but seeing Jenkins' half-amused look, he coughed and stubbornly said, "It's not that heavy!"
"Heh."
Jenkins handed him the rag, the window-cleaning equipment, and the bag, then took the ladder back from him. "Let me do it!"
Jenkins went downstairs with case.
Peter followed her, feeling somewhat discouraged, and asked, "How does a girl like you have so much strength?"
"I didn't have a choice. My parents died early, and I've been on my own since I was young, I had to move everything in the house, plus I used to do delivery work. At my busiest, I carried five orders at once. I developed my strength through that! Not like you, such a weakling.."
"I am not a weakling! How can you say that? I work out, you know!"
Peter retorted.
Jenkins snorted. "Your idea of working out is just running a couple of laps, right?"
Peter nodded. "Yeah, our family rule is that everyone must run at least two kilometers daily, no matter what!'
He said this somewhat sheepishly.
He was the laziest of his brothers. He had always slacked off in running while his brothers did it without fail.
On hearing this, Jenkins rolled her eyes. "What's two kilometers a day? When I did deliveries, I ran fifty thousand steps a day!"
Peter protested. "You rode electric bikes for the deliveries. Do you think I don't know that?" Immediately, Jenkins countered. "Are you dumb? Can electric bikes climb stairs or walk into residential complexes? What about malls? I had to deliver quickly to snatch more orders, which meant running a lot. I'm telling the truth!"
Peter then coughed. "Then starting tomorrow, I'll try running fifty thousand steps daily.'
Jenkins rolled her eyes. "You can't do it"
Stung by her words, Peter asserted, "Why can't I? How can you say a man can't do it? I'm sure I can!"
Jenkins coughed, "Calm down. What are you so worked up about? If you usually just run two kilometers, you need to progress gradually. You can't just start with fifty thousand steps; that's too drastic a change.'
Peter snorted. 'I can do it! I'll show you tomorrow!"
Jenkins said, "...Well, start with five kilometers then!"
Peter immediately agreed. "Okay! Just wait and see. I'll have no problem!"
Jenkins said, "Fine, I'll be waiting"
She thought Peter was so childish. What was there to argue about?
As they talked, they reached the storage room downstairs and put away the ladder. Jenkins then took the items from Peter.
Just as she was about to leave, Peter called her again.
Jenkins turned around, and Peter coughed. "There's a skirt sent along with the dress in that bag, and it's for you. Consider it compensation for what happened to you today!"
Jenkins was taken aback. 'Do luxury items come as buy-one-get-one-free, too?"
Peter said, "...Right! They're having a promotion, and I bought a lot! If you don't want it, you can give it back to me!
Jenkins immediately laughed. 'I'll take it. Thank you, Young Master Peter!"
The words "young master' inexplicably made Peter's face turn red.
He immediately coughed and said, "Well, work harder from now on!"
"Sure, Young Master!"
Jenkins turned around with a grin, her eyes shining. After a couple of steps, she looked back at Peter again, recalling the time she dragged him out of the car during the accident and how unexpectedly light he was. Then she thought about how just now he struggled to lift the ladder.
What a kind-hearted but naive young master... He was so delicate.
She was silent for a moment, then outright asked, "So, are you really running five kilometers tomorrow?"
Peter nodded. "Of course! After I finish running tomorrow, I'll show you the exercise data on my Apple Watch!"
Jenkins nodded. "Alright, I'm sure you can do it!"
Her smile was bright as she waved her hand and walked toward the servant's quarters.
Peter was dazzled by her radiant smile.
So... the following day...
When Keira came downstairs, she saw her brothers, including Ellis, all doing warm-up exercises outside.
The day before, James mentioned that their family's morning routine included running, an activity everyone participated in.
She approached her brothers and asked, "Shall we start?"
"We need to warm up."
Charles said, "Keera, we need to warm up. You haven't exercised before. It's not like sparring with James; otherwise, you might get cramps when running!
The Olsen brothers didn't see the competition at the Freeman Sect last time.
The fact that Keira was the senior sister of the Freeman Sect had never been revealed, so except for James, none of them knew her true identity.
Peter finally heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Keira.
IIe had been the slowest in every exercise, but today, he finally had someone slower than him!
At least for today, he could avoid being the last one.
He walked over to Keira. 'Little sister, follow me like this for the warm-up. Get your muscles
loosened up. We don't want you to get cramps later!"
After saying that, he started stretching his arms and legs.
Keira said, "That won't be necessary!
Warming up wasn't necessary for her just for a few kilometers of running.
People like them who practiced martial arts were in great shape. James, for instance, was yawning beside Keira, for he always finished first.
Peter coughed slightly and then said, "James, when we run later, let us have a bit of leeway. Don't let Keera stay too far behind. Otherwise, it won't be fun for us to run, and besides, as brothers, we should concede a little to our little sister, right?"
James didn't know what to say.
He glanced at Keira, suddenly understanding the feeling of a great master hiding among mortals.
He said with a half-smirk. "Okay, but you have to try hard today, Peter. You can't be at the bottom again because it would be so embarrassing if Keera surpassed you!"
Peter immediately said confidently, "Don't worry. With Keera here, I'm definitely not going to be
last!"
Charles also chimed in. "Don't worry, I'll wait for Keera, too!"
Ellis glanced at them but didn't say anything. And thus, the Olsen family's running competition began.
###Chapter 548
548 Chapter 547 
When Uncle Olsen said, "Begin," the members of the Olsen family immediately started running. 
Keira kept pace with her brothers, neither falling behind nor leading far ahead, but instead, she looked around. 
She noticed that the Olsen family's running competition was limited to Uncle Olsen and the younger generation. Her eldest uncle and second uncle started strolling once Uncle Olsen gave the signal. 
Those two were a bit older; therefore, they weren't participating in the running anymore. 
However, Uncle Olsen was still very fit. He kept up with the younger generation without falling behind. 
He steadily ran alongside them, holding his pace as if steering the young ones. 
Keira's eyes darkened slightly. 
No wonder the Olsen brothers differed from the young heirs of other families. 
With such a family business, brothers in other families would probably fight each other tooth and nail for the right of inheritance. 
But the Olsens loved each other; there was never any dispute. 
Ellis steadily ran alongside Uncle Olsen. As the two ran ahead, the others followed behind them. Meanwhile, some gradually started to lag. 
The little weakling Peter was running slowly, now gasping for air. He wiped the nonexistent sweat from his forehead and looked at Keira. "Little sister, you must be tired. Well... 
He suddenly stopped mid-sentence. 
Wait... why was he drenched in sweat while his little sister seemed so relaxed? 
That made no sense! 
Immediately, he furrowed his eyebrows. He didn't dare to complain about being tired anymore. He ran forward with his mouth shut. He couldn't lag behind his little sister—wouldn't that be a laughing matter? 
Peter gritted his teeth, not uttering a word about being tired. 
He would normally start considering retreat after a single kilometer, but he was persistently running today and had managed three kilometers already... 
Gasping for breath and panting heavily, he turned to look at Keira, only to see his little sister not seem tired at all. 
Peter glanced at his other brothers. 
Uncle Olsen controlled their running speed, which was actually quite fast. Most of the brothers were sweating. 
Even James, the fittest of the brothers, showed signs of strain. Only three weren't affected, and one of them was Uncle Olsen... 
Undoubtedly, Uncle Olsen was the best of their generation in terms of physical fitness and business acumen. He was a competent fighter, and almost no one from that generation could beat him except for a few Elders in the Freeman Sect. 
Another of the three was James... 
As a disciple of the Freeman Sect, he went through daily training that was much more intense than this. Running was a trifling matter for him. 
And the last one of the three was "Keera"… 
How could that be?! 
Peter wasn't the only one who was stunned. Other brothers were baffled as well. Clenching their teeth, they looked at "Keera", thinking that no matter what, they couldn't lose face in front of their sister. 
Initially, they thought about going easy on "Keera", but now it seemed she didn't need their leniency! 
Peter couldn't help but ask, "Aren't you tired?" 
Keira replied, "What's there to be tired of?" 
Peter was speechless. 
They had run four kilometers already! Geez! 
He grimaced, realizing he couldn't run anymore, and came to a stop. "I'm done. I can't do it anymore." 
He bent over with hands on his knees. 
The others didn't pay him much mind; for someone who usually gave up after two kilometers, running four kilometers today was quite impressive. 
As Peter bent over, gasping for air with his hands on his knees, he suddenly saw a group of servants approaching from not far away. 
Among them was Jenkins. 
The young maid seemed to have heard something and looked in their direction. 
Peter didn't know what to do. 
Scared, he immediately straightened up and started running. "I've lapped all of you already; why are you running so slowly?" 
His brothers were all perplexed. 
After Peter boasted, he ran past the group of servants when he heard someone say, "Mr. Peter is so impressive today. He's even taken a lead of one lap." 
Peter unconsciously looked at Jenkins, only to see the girl immediately say with a smile, "Mr. Peter said yesterday he was going to run ten kilometers today!" 
Peter was shocked. 
He felt his whole body tense up. 
He really wanted to retort and say, when had he ever said that? 
But he couldn't bring himself to say it out loud. All he could do was clench his teeth and keep on running... 
Until the group of servants entered the house... 
After a five-kilometer run, Keira felt relaxed and slightly sweaty; she planned to head back for a shower. 
Her other brothers had all stopped much earlier. Keira then received a call from Scott. "Didn't you say that you'd come over to visit? Can you make it today?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow slightly. "Is your cousin there?" 
"You mean Vera?" Scott sounded a bit puzzled. "Yes, she's living at my place." 
"Alright, no problem," Keira said. "When would be a good time for me to come over?" 
"How about joining us for lunch?" Scott suggested. "I told Grandpa that a friend was coming over for lunch." 
Keira nodded. "Sure, no problem." 
She hung up, ready to head to her room for a shower and inform Lewis, but when she turned around, she saw Peter sprawled on the ground and almost collapsed on the lawn. 
The lawn was very clean; he lay there with his hands behind his head and legs raised, humming, "Rusco, slow down. You're walking too fast. Be careful, or my phone won't record the data! They might think I'm cycling!" 
Keira was perplexed. 
Following Peter's gaze, she saw the family dog slowly strolling around the yard with Peter's phone on its back. 
Keira was speechless. 
She paused, then approached Peter. "What are you doing?" 
Upon seeing her, Peter jumped up immediately. 
He looked around guiltily. "Well, how come you haven't gone back for a shower yet?" 
Keira said, "I got a phone call, but what's going on here?" 
She pointed to Rusco. 
Feeling a bit sheepish, Peter coughed and said, "I just, um, wanted to increase my step count in my health data." 
Keira was confused 
She didn't quite understand why Peter was doing this, but she got the gist of it. 
She didn't ask further and simply headed back to her room. 
Peter suddenly said, "Wait!" 
Keira turned around. 
Peter said, "Could you not tell anyone about me having the dog walk with the phone?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She nodded, somewhat perplexed. 
She then returned to her room, took a quick shower, and was ready to go downstairs for breakfast. 
It nearly took her an hour since she had washed her hair and needed time to blow dry it. By the time she went downstairs, all her brothers had finished breakfast and gone to work. 
Keira was about to head to the dining room but saw Peter coming in from the yard. His face was covered with beads of sweat, which were obviously sprayed on. He was panting slightly with his mouth open, yet his face was not the least bit flushed. 
Upon entering, Peter approached Jenkins. 
He immediately pulled out his phone and showed it to Jenkins. "See that? I've run twenty thousand steps just this morning!" 
Keira couldn't believe it. 
Her mouth twitched! 
So, Peter was having the dog walk with the phone just to show off his step count to Jenkins? 
What a peculiar habit! 
She shook her head in amused resignation, leaning over to enjoy the spectacle. 
Jenkins was also stunned. 
She was cleaning the floor when Peter suddenly ran up to her, asking her to look at his phone. She had to move around Peter to keep cleaning while casually praising him. "Young Master Peter, you're amazing! You're so fit. If I could get up early to run ten kilometers, I'd be awesome!" 
Feeling buoyed by the praise, Peter said, "You could use some running. It's important to keep fit." 
Jenkins was tired enough from work and wanted to lie down at any chance. 
She couldn't believe Peter just said that. 
She was almost ready to roll her eyes at Peter. 
But knowing his character and realizing he hadn't meant it that way, Jenkins took a deep breath and replied, "Of course, of course, Young Master Peter. You should certainly exercise more and also be careful when driving so you don't get into another accident!" 
Hearing that, Peter froze and looked confusedly at Jenkins. "How did you know I was in a car accident?"
###Chapter 549
?549 Chapter 548
Jenkins glanced at Peter. 'Of course I know that!"
At the time of the accident, Peter was knocked out, but it was her who had pulled him out. Without a good deal of strength, how could that have been possible?
She almost rolled her eyes and was about to explain when a voice rang out. "Peter, what are you doing?"
Jenkins turned around and saw Susan.
Peter immediately walked over. "Susan, you're here already!"
Susan nodded. "Yeah, didn't we agree to go try on the wedding dress today?"
After that, she looked toward Jenkins.
Her eyes were filled with hostility as she sized up Jenkins from head to toe. She then scoffed coldly before taking Peter's arm as if to declare her sovereignty.
She saw from afar that Peter was chatting with Jenkins. Peter looked gentle when speaking with the maid, not quite the same as when he was with Susan.
Susan often had to express her needs to Peter before he thought about fulfilling them, but just now, Peter seemed very proactive when talking to Jenkins.
A sense of crisis began to grow in Susan's chest.
She stared at Jenkins and said, "Miss Jenkins, may I ask when you will compensate for my dress?" A maid like Jenkins certainly had no money, which meant she couldn't compensate for Susan's loss. Just by bringing this up, Susan thought Jenkins would surely be forced to back down. The maid would definitely realize the difference between herself and people like Peter.
As Susan was thinking, she heard Jenkins say, "Right. Please wait a moment. I've already bought it." After saying this, Jenkins exchanged a glance with Peter before running toward her room.
Susan looked at. Peter in confusion. "She's bought it?"
"Yeah, she bought it last night."
Peter answered with a smile, feeling a bit guilty.
Suddenly, Susan asked, "Which floor did she buy it on? It's not a high imitation, is it?"
"How could that be? She bought it on the second floor!" Peter answered without thinking.
Susan was speechless.
She knew what had happened. Peter was generous, and it was he who had bought the new dress.
No wonder Jenkins, a little maid, said she had bought the dress...
Susan immediately became vigilant. When had Jenkins and Peter gotten so close?!
She frowned but didn't say much, just smiled at Peter.
Soon, Jenkins returned, holding a dress, which she handed Susan. Susan smiled and said, "Actually, I shouldn't have asked you to buy me a new dress. Keep it. Consider it a gift!"
Jenkins was instantly baffled and waved her hands. "No, it's too valuable. I don't want it..."
After that, she stuffed it into Susan's hands.
Susan became even more certain of her suspicion.
"This little slut! She must have tried to seduce Peter by taking advantage of yesterday's incident!"
Taking a deep breath, Susan suddenly said, "Peter, after that incident, Miss Jenkins and I could consider ourselves acquainted. I don't have a female company for today's trip to the bridal shop. Why not invite her to come along with us?"
Peter didn't think much about it and nodded immediately. "Sure!"
Jenkins was startled for a moment. She glanced at Susan and seemed to realize something, "Well, Young Master Peter, shopping isn't part of my duties, and I still have a lot of work to do."
Susan immediately said, "Then let the butler switch your schedule, or are you unwilling to come
along? Can a servant refuse the requests of their employer?"
Jenkins was speechless, and she faked a smile. "Of course not. In that case, let's go!"
Susan handed over the dress to Jenkins right away.
Jenkins followed behind her, carrying the bag with the dress as if she were a little follower.
When Peter saw this, he paused, instinctively wanting to take the bag. "We can leave the dress here!
"But after we try on the wedding dress, I might just leave. Do I have to come back home to fetch the dress?"
Susan asked with feigned innocence.
Peter didn't see that coming.
While thinking what to say, Jenkins immediately said, 'I can carry it, Young Master Peter. I'm very strong!"
Peter could only nod. "Okay!
Jenkins followed Peter and Susan out the door, and when the three of them went shopping. Susan walked in the front with Peter.
Although they said they were shopping for a wedding dress, the mall was simply too big. As they walked, Susan entered a store, and when she came out, two more bags were in Jenkins' hands.
After roughly visiting a dozen stores, Jenkins was carrying a lot of bags.
Moreover, no one knew what had come over Susan, but the things she had bought included extremely heavy kitchenware.
Jenkins' arms were sore. She tried to shift the bags around, but with both hands full, she couldn't do that. She could only lift the bags up to ease the muscles in her upper arms.
As she moved her shoulders, Peter noticed right away and promptly said, "Let me help you carry some of that!"
Before he could finish, Susan clung to his arm. "Peter, we're almost at the wedding dress store, and you need to try on clothes. How can you have hands free to carry things? And this amount of stuff shouldn't be too heavy... Let Jenkins carry it!"
After that, she looked at Jenkins. "Are these things very heavy? As a maid, you should be used to carrying heavy stuff, right? After all, you shouldn't find working in your employer's house too tough a
job.
Jenkins was speechless.
She twitched her mouth, nearly rolling her eyes, but ended up staring at Susan and gritting her teeth as she uttered, "Of course not."
Susan then said apologetically, "Since it's not heavy, please carry them. I'm a bit of a germaphobe. If the bags were to touch the ground, I would feel very uncomfortable...
Jenkins was shocked.
So, what Susan meant was that once they got into the wedding dress store, Jenkins would have to carry everything the whole time. Trying on wedding dresses and getting makeup done would take at least two hours. Her arms wouldn't be able to take it!
Jenkins had been working since she was young and had done all kinds of jobs to earn money. How could she not see that Susan was deliberately making things difficult for her?
She clenched her fist tightly and looked toward Susan. With a strong, chilling voice, she asked, "Miss Simpson, couldn't you compromise with your germaphobia a bit?"
Susan crossed her arms, smiling at Jenkins. "No. If you put the bags on the ground, I might not want them anymore. Items that have touched the floor are just too dirty. By the way, Jenkins, you did wash your hands before leaving the house, didn't you?"
Jenkins didn't know what to say.
She felt so angry that her chest heaved. Did they think she was easy to push around and a soft target to squeeze? Susan had definitely picked the wrong person to mess with today!
At that thought, Jenkins let out a cold laugh.
###Chapter 550
550 Chapter 549 
Peter couldn't stand it any longer and reached out to take the bags. "Forget it. Let me help you with that. Susan, since when did you become a germaphobe? I wasn't aware of it." 
Susan said, "Peter, how much do you know about my matters? You simply don't care about me!" 
Peter frowned at her retort. "Is that so?" 
Susan feigned anger. "Yes, I've always been a germaphobe. It's just that you're usually careless and never noticed. Remember that, okay? We're almost at the bridal shop! Let's hurry up!" 
She dragged Peter along. 
Jenkins watched the two of them, fuming internally. 
Her eyes suddenly lit up, and she took a step forward. "Excuse me, Miss Simpson!" 
Susan and Peter stopped and looked at her. 
Susan frowned. "What's up?" 
Jenkins said, "I suddenly need to use the restroom urgently. Could you hold these items for a moment?" 
As she spoke, she handed over the items she was carrying to Susan. 
Susan didn't intend to take them, but Jenkins didn't give her the chance to refuse. Jenkins grabbed Susan's hand and transferred all the bags to her. 
Susan frowned. "Let Peter help you with that, you..." 
Before she could finish, Jenkins interrupted. "How could Young Master Peter of such high status carry bags? You should do it! And... they're not heavy at all! Here you go!" 
And with that, Jenkins immediately let go. 
The moment she let go, the total weight of the bags struck Susan's hands. 
Susan cried out in surprise, her arms visibly sinking, nearly pulling her down to the ground! 
"Thud!" 
The bags fell heavily to the ground. 
Jenkins pretended to be shocked. "Miss Simpson, what happened? These bags aren't heavy at all. Why did you drop them? You're so careless!" 
Susan shouted angrily, "How can they not be heavy? These two bags combined weigh nearly a hundred pounds!" 
Hearing this, Peter was taken aback. He stepped forward, picked up the bags, and almost couldn't lift them! 
Only then did Peter realize just how heavy the items that Jenkins had been carrying were! 
He looked at Jenkins in astonishment before turning to Susan, puzzled. "Didn't you say they weren't heavy?" 
Susan said, "I didn't know. I thought they were light. Jenkins, if these items were so heavy, why didn't you say something earlier? If you had told me, I wouldn't have bought so much..." 
Jenkins's lips twitched slightly. "For a maid like me, they really aren't that heavy! Miss Simpson, don't you even have the strength to carry a few bags?" 
Susan was speechless. 
She felt like she was going to be driven crazy by Jenkins!! 
That annoying woman! 
Taking a deep breath, Susan looked down at the items on the ground. "Whatever the case, you've damaged these items by dropping them, Jenkins. You must compensate me!" 
Jenkins wore an innocent expression. "Miss Simpson, what are you talking about? These items were dropped while in your hands. How could you blame me? I handed the bags over to you just now. If you don't believe me, we can ask Young Master Peter!" 
Immediately, Susan turned to Peter. "Peter, say something!" 
Peter didn't know what to say. 
He felt like his head was about to explode. 
Susan and Jenkins had started to confront each other. Susan had already had a conflict with Keera at home, and now she was starting trouble here as well. 
Unable to help himself, Peter said, "Susan, these items probably aren't damaged. Only the bags touched the ground. If it bothers you, we can sanitize them when we return home!" 
Susan felt incredibly frustrated. 
Why did Peter always side with Jenkins?! 
Jenkins immediately said, "That's right, Miss Simpson. Well, I need to go to the restroom, so please give me a minute!" 
After saying that, she slipped away. 
She stopped after turning a corner, shaking her sore arms. 
That Susan was simply too malicious. 
No wonder Miss Olsen didn't like her… 
Such petty scheming! 
Jenkins cursed inwardly as she timed her return. 
At this point, Peter spoke to Susan. "Servants are also human. The Olsen family never mistreats their servants. Susan, be nicer to Jenkins from now on. She's someone's daughter, too..." 
Susan lowered her head. "Peter, I understand. I thought maids were just meant to work... I didn't realize these items were so heavy." 
She bent down, attempting to lift the items, but couldn't muster the strength. 
Peter sighed and picked up the items with some maneuver. He passed half of them to Jenkins, who had walked over. 
"Can you carry these?" 
Peter asked. 
Jenkins nodded. "Yes, I can." 
Peter asked repeatedly, "Are you sure you can carry them?" 
"Yes." Jenkins was almost rolling her eyes; he was being so long-winded! 
She couldn't help but murmur, "Carrying these is much easier than dragging a person!" 
Peter looked puzzled. "You've dragged a person before? Who? I've heard that when a person faints, their body goes limp, and they become very heavy…" 
"Yes, incredibly heavy..." 
Jenkins casually replied. 
Peter then suddenly looked at Susan. "Susan, if that's the case, and you barely have any strength, how did you manage to drag me out of the car back then?"
###Chapter 551
551 Chapter 550 
Jenkins was completely baffled by these words. 
"What car?" 
As she pondered, she heard Susan say, "At that moment, you were all that was on his mind. People can summon greater strength under extreme conditions." 
Those words deeply touched Peter. 
He wanted to reach out and hold Susan's hand, to express his sentiment, but as he stretched out his hand, he realized he was holding all those bags. 
Peter could only sheepishly withdraw his hand and entered the bridal shop with his hands full. 
... 
Meanwhile, Keira had also arrived at Scott's temporary residence in Clance. 
Although it was said to be temporary, the place turned out to be a manor, fully furnished and clearly well-maintained all year round. 
And by the looks of the butler at the entrance, it could be discerned that this was indeed the Martin family's property. 
While Keira and the butler were heading inside, Scott and Erin came out to greet her. 
As the two of them came out the door, Scott smiled. "If she's willing to come here, she must fancy me a little." 
Erin rolled her eyes. "You're overthinking it. I think she's even more interested in me than you." 
Scott said, "How could that be? She's not into women!" 
Erin said, "But I feel like she came for Vera. Didn't she ask if Vera was here before she came?" 
Scott said, "That's just her being polite, knowing that I chose Vera to avoid this arranged marriage..." 
Erin was speechless. 
The two were talking as they greeted the guests, and they immediately spotted "Keera" and Lewis by her side. 
The joyous expression on Scott's face suddenly stiffened. 
He twitched the corners of his mouth and then stepped forward, extending his hand to Keira. "Miss Olsen, welcome to my house!" 
Keira was going to take his hand out of politeness when Lewis abruptly stepped forward, blocking her path, and firmly shook Scott's hand. "Mr. Martin, I hope you don't mind my uninvited visit. Today, I am merely Miss Olsen's driver." 
After saying that, he deliberately glanced at Keira. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
This guy couldn't wait to stake his claim. 
She then looked toward Erin. 
Erin immediately linked arms with her. "Keera, you're here! Come on in! By the way…" 
Erin asked, "Didn't Charles come with you?" 
Keira replied, "He's still at school. He had classes today." 
Erin just said, "I see," and asked, "Which university does he attend?" 
"Tsipin University." 
Erin's eyes lit up. "How impressive! Did he get on his own, or did your family have to pull some strings?" 
Keira said, "He got in on his own." 
The Olsen family's children were trained differently than those of other families. At least Uncle Olsen didn't spoil them. 
Whether they wanted to go abroad or apply for domestic colleges, they abide by the local rules strictly without exception. 
Despite his naive appearance and tendency to be deceived, Charles was into science. He devoted all his brainpower to chemistry and wasn't adept at interpersonal relationships. 
Erin's eyes shone even brighter. "So, he must be very smart." 
"Quite." 
Erin smiled. "That's good. My children will be smart, too..." 
Keira was perplexed. 
She thought, "Hold on, you guys just had dinner that night, right? Nothing else happened. Why are you talking about children already?" 
She hesitantly glanced at Erin. Seeing Erin's look of utter contentment, Keira suddenly felt a heavier burden. 
Should she talk to Charles? 
Young men should protect themselves when they were away from home! 
This thought struck Keira, and even she was taken aback. 
She had never been one to meddle, but today, her subconscious concern for Charles meant she truly saw him as a younger brother... 
Her gaze dropped, and she followed the two into the living room. 
Just as they entered, they saw an elderly man in his sixties or seventies sitting on the sofa. His head was full of white hair, his back was straight, and his face had a few wrinkles. One could vaguely see the handsome features of his youth. 
Beside him sat a young woman. 
Keira's gaze fell on her. The young woman had a well-defined bone structure and was incredibly gorgeous and poised. Her big, deep-set eyes were filled with scrutiny upon seeing Keira. 
Her gaze was firmly fixed on Keira, filled with hostility and caution. 
Without any introduction, Keira knew this had to be Scott and Erin's cousin, Vera. 
Her surname was South. 
In other words, she might be Fox! 
Keira withdrew her gaze and looked toward old Mr. Martin, only to see the old man with a stern face also sizing her up. Keira approached and was about to greet him when she heard the elder speak, "Keera Olsen?" 
Keira was slightly startled, but she nodded. 
The elder immediately lowered his eyes. "Do you want to marry my grandson?" 
Scott's face turned red instantly, and he immediately said, "Grandfather, what are you talking about? Miss Olsen is just here for a visit today." 
But the old man didn't pay him any heed and was still staring at Keira. "Do you want to marry my grandson?" 
His expression was resolute, with an inexplicable sense of righteousness that surprisingly made Keira feel a bit gratified. 
He didn't seem to beat around the bush. 
He said what he had on his mind. 
Keira then turned to look at Lewis, having thought he would certainly assert his dominance again, but he was suddenly very quiet at this moment. 
Keira was puzzled. 
But Lewis glanced at her, telling her with his eyes that she should decide for herself. 
Keira immediately understood. 
Lewis had also realized that this old man didn't like beating around the bush, so he no longer wanted to make decisions for her. 
Jodie South was still with the South family, and if Keira didn't complete the task quickly and return to the South family, she couldn't guarantee that her mother would remain safe. 
The fastest way to complete the task was through an alliance by marriage. 
Keira lowered her eyes and said, "No." 
The old man immediately asked, "Then what are you doing here?" 
Keira glanced at Vera, who was sitting next to the old man, and saw Vera sneer. "Keera, Mr. Martin knows the South family. You don't have to beat around the bush. Just speak frankly." 
The South family! 
Keira's pupils shrank immediately. She didn't expect Vera to admit her identity so openly! 
She looked at Vera coldly, thinking of the accidents that had happened to the people around her multiple times, and a fierce look sparked in her eyes. 
She sneered, and before she could speak, Erin said, "Vera, why are you in such a hurry? I know our families want an alliance, but that has nothing to do with Miss Olsen. Besides, I don't think you even like my brother, and an arranged marriage seems pointless. Wouldn't it be better to find someone we actually like?" 
"No." 
Vera immediately answered, "The purpose of my coming to Crera is to marry your brother." 
Erin said, "But my brother doesn't like you!" 
"That doesn't matter. We can develop feelings after marriage." 
"What if my brother never likes you?" 
"Then we'll work on it for a lifetime." 
"..." 
Erin was speechless. "Why are you so stubborn? My brother really doesn't like you. He likes someone else..." 
Vera looked at Keira. "That's Keera's problem then. Will you marry Scott or Lewis?" 
After that, Vera's gaze landed on Lewis. "Mr. Horton, right? Are you willing to let her go and let her marry Scott?" 
Lewis pursed his lips and didn't say a word. 
But old Mr. Martin turned his gaze toward Lewis upon hearing this, his eyebrows slightly furrowed, but he also didn't say anything and shifted his gaze away. 
Scott was the one who spoke up immediately. "Vera, Miss Olsen is just visiting today. Don't talk about these nonsensical things here!" 
No sooner had he said that than old Mr. Martin said, "Scott, you said you have someone you adored, and I'm willing to accept that. That's why we have this meeting today." 
Old Mr. Martin looked directly at Keira. "Since my grandson likes you, I'll just ask you one question. Will you marry my grandson or not?" 
Keira said in resignation, "Mr. Martin, I came here today to discuss with you and see if there is any possibility of cooperation between our two families." 
"There's no possibility. The Martin family has always been independent and won't cooperate with any enterprise." 
Old Mr. Martin rejected her proposition and then slowly said, "I'll just ask you one simple question. Will you marry my grandson or not? I have to choose a daughter from the South family to be my daughter-in-law, and for me, it doesn't matter who it is. If you won't marry Scott, then I'll arrange Scott and Vera's engagement party tomorrow! Just make sure you won't regret it." 
Keira was dumbfounded.
###Chapter 552
552 Chapter 551 
Keira made a special visit today to complete her third task. 
Her Guardian wanted her to enter into a matrimonial alliance with Scott, essentially to win over the support of the Martin family. 
So, her reason for coming today was to see if there were any opportunities to cooperate with the Martin family. 
To her surprise, old Mr. Martin rejected her outright with just a sentence. 
Keira's expression grew tense. 
Erin then said, "Grandpa, things don't have to be so absolute! Engaged by tomorrow? That's too soon! And my brother really doesn't like Vera!" 
Even when Erin had said so much, Vera still remained composed and casually leaned back as if she were watching someone else's joke unfold. 
It was as if not being liked by Scott didn't affect her at all. 
Keira truly admired how tough she was. 
Old Mr. Martin looked directly at Erin. "This has nothing to do with you. Shut your mouth!" 
"I won't!" 
Erin huffed. "How does this have nothing to do with me? Keera is Charles' cousin, which makes her my cousin too!" 
Old Mr. Martin didn't know what to say. 
He was confused for a moment. "What are you talking about?" 
Erin replied, "I meant that I've taken a liking to that guy Charles. Grandpa, can you take me to make a betrothal offer for him?" 
As Erin spoke, she leaned in close to old Mr. Martin, batting her big eyes, leaving the old man speechless. "You've only known him for a few days!" 
Erin said, "Isn't it our family tradition to arrange marriages? Otherwise, you wouldn't treat my brother this way, right? So, just arrange mine too! Charles is handsome, smart, and most importantly, he's adorably clueless and very obedient!" 
Stars seemed to sparkle in Erin's eyes. "So, will you go make the betrothal offer, please?" 
Old Mr. Martin twitched the corner of his mouth. "In Crera, only men make betrothal offers to women, not the other way around!" 
Erin then said, "Then have him come and propose to me." 
Old Mr. Martin was speechless. 
Fed up with Erin's persistence, he pushed her aside. "Today, we're talking about your brother's situation! If he doesn't get married, you can't either!" 
Erin couldn't believe it! 
Erin was momentarily stupefied, then pouted. "Grandpa, that's just unreasonable! My brother can't make up his mind about his feelings, but I can. Why should there be such a rule?" 
Old Mr. Martin didn't know what to say. 
Too weary to even glance at his granddaughter again, he turned his attention to Keira. "Miss Olsen, make your choice! Don't say later that I didn't give you a choice." 
Keira was baffled. 
What kind of choice was that? 
She said, "Mr. Martin, I think there can be a win-win solution." 
"I don't need it." 
Old Mr. Martin stared at her intently. "In my view, the most reliable arrangement is a marriage alliance, and you should bear a child as soon as possible after that. As for the rest, no matter what kind of profits you can bring me, I'm not interested." 
His demeanor grew somewhat mysterious. "The Martin family doesn't lack money." 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
She had researched the Martin family's international status and knew that they were akin to the nobility of some small country; indeed, they weren't short of money. 
Keira frowned. 
Old Mr. Martin asked once more, "So, what will you choose, love or career?" 
Keira gripped her fists tightly, remaining silent for a moment. 
Lewis's jaw tensed at this moment, too; he was filled with uncertainty, and he felt extremely insecure. 
He had witnessed how much Keira cared for Jodie South. 
After being reunited with her mother, Keira became a doting daughter, content with having her mother by her side. But even before that, every time she faced Jodie South, she was incredibly forbearing. 
The Olsen family had bullied Keira, especially Isla, who had repeatedly tested her limits. Yet Keira, with all her capability, never retaliated harshly against them. It was all because of Jodie South. 
Lewis didn't dare gamble. 
He didn't know who was more important to Keira, he or Jodie South. He even knew that there was no comparison between himself and Jodie... 
Jodie was Keira's salvation, the mother she had longed for since childhood... 
Therefore, if Keira chose to give up on him to save Jodie, he wouldn't complain or get angry and would maybe give her his best wishes… 
He was unsure. 
The mere thought of losing Keira again made Lewis feel like he was going mad. 
He clenched his fists tightly. 
Keira also glanced his way, her eyes filled with resolution. She had never once thought of giving up Lewis. 
Just as she was about to speak, her phone suddenly vibrated. 
Keira immediately picked it up, only to see that the unfamiliar number had sent another message. "If you don't want your mother to die, choose Scott." 
As the message was delivered, the sender also sent a video. 
In the video, Jodie was tied up with a cloth stuffed in her mouth, rendering her unable to speak, and beside her, someone held a knife to her chest. 
Keira's pupils shrank.
###Chapter 553
553 Chapter 552 
Lewis noticed something was off and immediately stepped forward, whispering, "What's wrong?" 
He took the mobile phone from Keira's hand. 
Keira tensed her jaw and didn't dodge. 
After seeing the video, Lewis frowned, pursed his lips tightly, and clenched his fists. He then looked at Keira. "Choose Scott." 
He didn't want Keira to regret her decision. 
Besides, choosing Scott today didn't mean she would immediately enter the bridal chamber. The first step was to stabilize the situation. 
Upon hearing this, Keira glanced at Lewis. 
She asked, "Then what?" 
Lewis said, "I will do everything in my power to rescue your mother before your wedding ceremony. If I can't save her, marry Scott. But if I can save your mother, you'll come back to me." 
Keira felt a warmth in her chest upon hearing those moving words. 
She took a deep breath and saw the desperate determination on Lewis's face. 
She had always known Lewis had some hidden power but didn't know the specifics. With how he behaved now, it seemed like he was willing to reveal those forces to rescue her mother... 
However, revealing those forces might have some undesirable consequences for him. 
Keira suddenly said, "You don't have to do that." 
Lewis was taken aback. 
Keira had already turned her head toward old Mr. Martin. "I choose Lewis." 
Lewis was stunned. 
Old Mr. Martin was confused. "What did you say?" 
Keira said, "I said I chose Lewis." 
Old Mr. Martin and Scott looked at her incredulously. Even Vera seemed slightly shocked, not expecting her to be so decisive. 
Old Mr. Martin frowned and exhaled deeply. "Alright then." 
Keira nodded at him, wanting to say more, but old Mr. Martin was already pointing to the door. "Tomorrow, I'll arrange the engagement for Scott and Vera. Miss Keera, there's no need for our cooperation. Please leave." 
Seeing his uncompromising attitude, Keira knew further talk was useless. She grabbed Lewis's hand and turned to leave. 
Lewis hesitated. 
He wanted to say something but still followed Keira out. 
They quickly reached the parking lot and got into the car. Afterward, Lewis asked, "Aren't you afraid?" 
Keira slowly said, "Yes." 
"Then you..." 
"I know what to do." 
Lewis paused for a moment and glanced at her again, but Keira had already gone to the driver's seat and looked at him. "Get in." 
Keira opened the door. 
Seeing this, Lewis approached the passenger seat, opened the door, and got in. "Where do you want to go? Do you need me to drive? I might be faster." 
"That's alright." 
Keira fastened her seatbelt. "Are you ready?" 
"Yes" 
The next moment, the car roared to life and shot forward, then sped away. 
Lewis was taken aback. 
It was so fast, like street racing! 
He turned to look at Keira. 
He knew she used to drive slowly because her blood was precious. She feared car accidents because blood loss could lead to iron-deficiency anemia, so she was overly cautious and had never shown him that she could drive this fast. 
Lewis took a closer look at her complexion, noticing that her face was cold and full of anger. She was obviously infuriated. 
He wanted to say something. "Your mother..." 
"If anything happens to my mom, I will make the South family pay with their lives!" 
Keira said through gritted teeth. 
Lewis was startled. At that moment, he saw a determination on Keira's face that threatened to destroy the world. 
He said no more, just watched as Keira drove, taking him straight to Clance Hospital. 
The car screeched to a halt in the parking lot, and immediately, Keira opened the door and got out, striding toward the building. 
Lewis didn't dare to ask more and only followed her closely. 
He saw her marching up the stairs, heading straight for a certain room, and then... 
Keira kicked open the door and stormed in, furiously shouting, "How dare you use my mother to threaten me?!"
###Chapter 554
554 Chapter 553 
Lewis immediately followed her in and saw a familiar face. 
The person wearing a white lab coat and gold-rimmed glasses was looking at Keira in astonishment. 
Lewis had seen that man during his time in Oceanion. 
Once, Keira had been brought to the police station due to some misunderstandings and was taken to the hospital in a state of anemia. 
In the hospital, it was this man, Matthew, who treated her. 
Matthew said she suffered from iron-deficiency anemia, which could lead to dangerous shocks if she fainted from it. 
But wasn't he a doctor in Oceanion? Why was he here? 
And moreover, why had Keira come to this place? 
At the moment, there was a patient in the room, and he was frowning and staring at Keira. "Who are you? What are you doing? You need to wait in line to see a doctor!" 
Keira didn't even bother to explain, and Matthew said, "Sorry, I need to discuss some private matters with this young lady..." 
The patient immediately became upset. "Why? Doctor, I've been patiently waiting here for you, and this is how you treat me? I'm going to report you to the hospital. I..." 
Before he could finish his sentence, a stack of money appeared in front of him. 
The patient was slightly taken aback. 
Lewis had already stepped forward, stuffing the money into the man's hand. "Could you please step out and wait for a bit?" 
His tone was very polite, yet it carried an undeniable air of authority. 
The patient clenched his mouth shut and exited the room with the money. 
The room finally quieted down. 
Lewis looked at Keira, then at Matthew, and went to close the door, only to discover that the door lock had been broken by Keira's kick. 
Well... 
That showed how irate Keira had been just now; she looked ready to kill someone. 
Thinking this, Lewis leaned against the door, blocking the entrance. 
Only then did he look at the other two people in the room. 
Keira was staring at Matthew, who sighed and asked, "Keira, what brings you here?" 
"Stop pretending; I know it was you; you're the one who's been sending me those messages." 
Keira cut to the chase. 
Matthew paused, his eyes downcast, and a flicker of darkness flashed in his eyes before he looked at her. "Why are you so sure?" 
Lewis was also curious. 
He wasn't familiar with Matthew and had only met the man during his time in Oceanion when Matthew gave a blood transfusion to Keira. Judging from their interactions, Keira seemed somewhat cold toward him. 
Matthew had always maintained a polite distance from Keira, so Lewis hadn't investigated him. 
As he was thinking, he heard Keira say, "You want a reason? Fine, I'll give you one. 
"I've always been curious why you would show up whenever I'm in danger. 
"After I left home, there were several times when I fell ill without realizing it and fainted. It was you who lived across the corridor who saved me. 
"The very first time I got my period, I had no experience and fainted from iron-deficiency anemia. You administered iron to me, and I survived. 
"You seem to have always known my condition better than I do, so, Matthew, who exactly are you?" 
Matthew paused briefly and laughed. "Couldn't I just be a neighborly brother who admires you? Didn't you discover my secret? That's why you kept your distance from me ever since." 
His tone carried a tinge of melancholy. 
Those words made Lewis suddenly stand upright, looking alarmed. 
Keira just laughed. "Yes, I always thought you were a kind-hearted big brother next door. You always lived across from me and took care of me until one day, when I went to your house and discovered the photos of me you had hidden." 
Keira lowered her gaze. 
She was truly terrified at that time. 
Having just moved out from the Olsen family, she was extremely insecure. She was a teenage girl living independently, and Matthew always looked after her for those five years. 
She truly regarded Matthew as family, an older brother she cherished; at that time, she and Matthew got along very well. 
When she earned money and bought fruit, she always brought some for him. 
When she was seventeen, she happened to enter Matthew's room and saw the photos of her that he had hidden... 
She was a vibrant young girl, but because of her experiences, she had always pushed people away. 
The neighbor next door, whom she had finally accepted, was a doctor. He was gentle and patient, giving her someone to rely on, but she hadn't expected that he would harbor such feelings for her. 
At that time, Keira was stunned. 
Later, when she realized she didn't have feelings for Matthew and feared causing him trouble, she chose to distance herself, yet each month, she still went to him for her iron treatments. 
She had always been his patient. 
So, the relationship between Keira and Matthew was very complicated. 
Keira couldn't help but laugh. "Sorry, I was too presumptuous. I thought the person in that photo was me, never imagining it could be my sister." 
With those words, Matthew's expression suddenly froze. 
He tensed his jaw, seemingly still wanting to deny it. 
But in the end, he just sighed. "How did you figure it out?" 
Keira said, "Because that photo was very strange. The background was a place I didn't recognize at all. At the time, I didn't think much of it, assuming I had inadvertently visited some attic, but after my sister appeared, I developed this suspicion." 
She looked at Matthew. "Although I have never been to that place in the background, it should be the Winter Palace, right? My sister has always been in Clance, so it's very normal for her to have visited there. I found her photo album at her house, containing a set taken in the Winter Palace that matches the photo you had. So..." 
Keira paused and stared straight at him. "You're my sister's Guardian, aren't you?" 
Matthew looked at Keira. He wanted to say something but didn't admit his identity. 
Keira continued. "Did my sister know about my mother and me and ask you to protect us?" 
Matthew frowned, but when he saw how serious Keira looked, he could only sigh. "Yes. She never had much power. She was low-key and didn't want to compete for anything, so the South family had already given up on her, leaving me to protect you and the lady." 
Keira fell silent for a moment, then slowly said, "So, that time out at sea when my sister and I were taken away, was it you who rescued us?" 
Matthew clenched his fist. "Yes." 
"Why didn't you save my sister?!" 
Keira demanded. 
Matthew closed his eyes. "By the time I got there, she had already sunk to the bottom of the sea. I had no idea where to look for her. I could only save you." 
Keira pressed on, "Then why did you bring me to Clance? You told others I drowned in a swimming pool, and after you gave me an iron injection, you sent me back to the South residence. Why?" 
As soon as she said that, Matthew immediately looked at her. "Because I wanted you to avenge your sister!" 
Keira was taken aback. 
Matthew's had tears in his eyes. "Your sister was so low-profile; she just wanted to live quietly in that little place in the South residence, but those people from the South family never left her alone! It was the people from the South family who killed your sister!" 
Looking at the emotionally charged Matthew, Keira slowly walked up to him and patted his shoulder. "Matthew, tell me, what exactly is going on with the South family?"
###Chapter 555
555 Chapter 554 
Matthew turned his head away and wiped the wet corners of his eyes. 
Keira didn't rush him and waited patiently for him to calm down. 
In fact, Keira suspected that Matthew had a connection with her sister, and it wasn't solely based on a photo she hadn't seen in years... 
It was because, after she woke up as Keera, she not only didn't go into shock, but she also didn't show any symptoms of anemia. This indicated that while she was unconscious, someone had been administering iron to her. 
And that person could only be Matthew. 
Strangers wouldn't understand her condition well enough to execute such a flawless intervention. 
It had only been a suspicion until the last time when she thought she saw Matthew at the Clance Hospital. She had someone look into it and discovered that Matthew was, in fact, a doctor there and had been on assignment in Oceanion for the past few years. 
Connecting all these dots, Keira came to her conjecture. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Matthew finally regained his composure. 
He took a deep breath and said, "I don't really know what the deal is with the South family. I grew up in an orphanage. The head of the orphanage told me that I had to work hard and become outstanding if I wanted a family, so I was diligent and became the smartest child in the orphanage. Finally, one day, a luxury car came, and I was taken away. 
"I thought I was going to join a happy family, but to my surprise, I was sent overseas to study. They arranged for me to learn many things until I was sent back to the country when I was fourteen, to your sister's side. They told me that my life's mission was to ensure your sister's safety, to be her Guardian, and your sister was my master." 
"At that time, Keera was about seven years old, extremely adorable and obedient... She always treated me like an older brother and never like an underling..." 
Matthew spoke of Keera with an especially tender tone. 
His eyes revealed a sense of nostalgia and affection, clearly showing his deep love for her. 
Keira spaced out for a moment. 
Keera was indeed a gentle and kind woman, and most men around her seemed to like her. 
Like Matias... 
With Keera's personality, there wouldn't be many who disliked her. 
Keira looked at Matthew and asked, "Then what happened?" 
Matthew slowly continued. "Your sister only wanted to keep a low profile and to be abandoned by the South family, so she outright rejected the second mission they assigned. Mary and Ellis never got together, and that's why she chose such a husband." 
Keira was confused. "The second mission?" 
"Yes, the first mission was to become good friends with Mary. Keera was sent to the same kindergarten by her foster parents when she was little. She was very young, and her parents told her to play with Mary, so she did without making a big deal out of it. But as she grew older, she realized she didn't want to exploit her relationship with Mary, so she took the opportunity to fall out with Mary and gradually faded from Mary's life..." 
Matthew smiled bitterly. "She was such a kind girl, not wanting to burden anyone, so she took on everything herself. Including that time on the sea, she chose to save you and gave up on herself." 
Keira's eyes gradually moistened. 
Her relationship with Keera, whom she had met for the first time only to face life and death separation, wasn't close. She had impersonated Keera partly out of responsibility and partly to save her mother, Jodie South. 
But at this moment, listening to Matthew's words, the image of Keera seemed to come alive before her. 
Keera was timid and cowardly, yet she could give up the mission issued by the South family for her friend… 
She was fearful and panicked, yet for Keira's sake and Jodie South, she could let her Guardian, who would never betray her, protect Keira… 
How could she be so foolish? 
Keira clenched her fists. 
Matthew then continued. "Speaking of which, after your sister found out about her identity, she chose to become a dispensable pawn to protect you, fearing that the South family would discover you… After she was abandoned, it was as if I had been exiled, destined to be just an ordinary doctor, guarding her by her side for the rest of my life. But to protect you and your mother, she sent me to Oceanion…" He lowered his gaze. "Since I was little, I was taught to obey my master's commands, so even if I knew the request was unreasonable and that the one who would get hurt by this request would only be Keera herself, I still had to comply. 
"I went to Oceanion, and I met you. I thought you would be as gentle and lovely as your sister, but while your sister was like a rabbit, docile and calm, you were like a cat, always showing sharp claws. You and your sister are completely different people." 
His description was quite apt. 
But Keira didn't want to hear all this. 
She asked, "So, what exactly is the deal with the South family? What do they do? Why are they like this? What exactly is my sister to the South family? And what's with this 'rabbit' code name?" 
Seeing her so anxious, Matthew sighed. "Actually, I don't know the answer." 
Keira was stunned. "What?" 
Matthew gave a wry smile. "I'm just an orphan, so what right do I have to be in touch with the higher-ups of the South family? I don't know what this is all about. All I know is that I receive orders from above, and my mission is to protect the identity of your sister from being discovered and to work together with your sister to complete missions until, finally, we get acknowledged by the South family and can return home." 
Keira heard the keywords. " Return home?" 
"Yes, return home," Matthew looked at her. Whether it's me, your sister, or even you, don't you feel we're all like orphans stranded outside? We have a home but cannot return. The South family is our home. Only by completing the mission can we return home." 
Keira frowned. "Who is your superior?" 
"I don't know," Matthew said, "I just receive missions regularly." 
Keira scoffed. "So you've never been back to the South family? You don't know where it actually is." 
"Correct." 
Matthew's response was crisp. "Your sister also has never returned. She has always been yearning to go home, so can you help her complete the mission? Marry Scott Martin, even if it's a sham marriage. Just get past this immediate hurdle first. I believe, if the marriage is fake, Mr. Horton will understand!" 
"Marriage is sacred and shouldn't be used as a bargaining chip." 
Keira said flatly and then looked at him. "However, Matthew, I'm very curious. Since you don't know the South family's location, how come you had a video of the South family threatening my mother?" 
At those words, Matthew's pupils constricted. 
Keira took a step forward, staring at him. "Can you give me an explanation? Where did you get the video? And what about the photos?" 
Matthew looked at her. 
Keira then took a step back. "So, I only believe half of what you just said. You must know what the South family is doing and where they are! Work with me, and we can rescue my mother. I will join you in avenging my sister! I believe if my sister were here, she wouldn't just watch my mother fall into their hands. So, tell me, where exactly is the South family?!"
###Chapter 556
556 Chapter 555 
Matthew never expected that all his clumsy lies would be seen through. 
He tensed his jaw and finally looked at Keira. "I can't tell you." 
Keira was startled. 
Matthew said, "There are some things that I can't reveal until you have completed the task. Only then will your mother truly be safe." 
Keira frowned. "What about that video just now?" 
"It was sent to me by my contact." 
Matthew sighed. "Keira, your sister thought she could avoid the South family by hiding her strength and living a quiet life, but she was too naive. The moment you and Lady South were discovered by the South family, your sister was exposed. Surely, you must have noticed that. Your sister isn't really foolish; she's very smart. Do you think the South family would allow such an intelligent person to evade the tasks they impose?" 
Keira frowned. "What do you mean?" 
Matthew stepped forward, coming face to face with her. "Let me tell you, the South family has set their sights on you. From the moment you completed the second task, you had no way out. Either complete the tasks and go to the South family to see your mother, or fail, and they will erase her existence. That video wasn't sent by me; it was sent by the South family! If you don't make an effort and continue to slack off, they'll eliminate Lady South." 
Keira clenched her fists tightly and then chuckled. "Well, let me tell you something. If anything happens to my mom, I assure you, I'll stop completing tasks and slack off completely." 
Matthew had never expected her to threaten him back and was momentarily taken aback. "You... " 
Keira snorted. "If the South family values me, or rather my sister, so highly, then they should agree to my terms. Relay my condition to your contact!" 
Matthew rubbed his temples, apparently at a loss. "I don't know if they'll agree." 
Keira lowered her gaze. "If they care about me, they will agree. If they don't, they wouldn't use my mom to blackmail and entice me!" 
Matthew didn't know what to say. 
The logic was surprisingly sound. 
He took a deep breath. "Alright, I'll talk to them." 
Keira added. "Also, I need to know that my mom is indeed alive and well. I want them to send a video every day." 
Matthew hesitated, "They could record many videos at once and then deceive you about the dates." 
Keira said, "Then let them figure out a way to prove the videos aren't recorded in advance." 
Matthew said, "Keira, their patience is limited. Don't challenge their bottom line." 
Keira smiled confidently. "Relay my terms to your contact. They'll agree." 
Matthew was baffled. "How do you know?" 
"Because..." 
Keira took a step back. "If your contact really wants me to complete the task, they will certainly satisfy my demand." 
Matthew was speechless. 
He took a deep breath and nodded. "I'll convey that." 
Keira looked straight at him. "So, what's the fourth task? Go ahead and tell me. Maybe I can finish the third and fourth tasks together." 
Matthew said, "The Martin family has always been detached from the world's economic system. If not for a marriage alliance, they wouldn't need to cooperate with anyone, so your third task is basically impossible to complete." 
"That's not for you to worry about." 
Keira said indifferently, "Tell me the fourth task." 
Matthew sighed. "Defeat Fox." 
"Alright." 
Keira nodded, turned around, and walked away. 
As she reached the door, Lewis opened it, and they walked out side by side. 
When they got to the parking lot, Lewis looked at her. "Did you already know that the Guardian was that doctor?" 
Keira said, "It was just a guess. Didn't I go back to Oceanion once as my sister? I didn't see him at that time and thought he was on a business trip." 
Matthew often went on business trips. Looking back now, it seemed the work in Oceanion was the real business trip. 
Keira gave a wry smile, paused, and looked back at the building. 
Indeed, she saw Matthew standing by the window, quietly gazing at her. When she looked up, he waved at her. 
Keira raised an eyebrow and waved back. 
Lewis asked, "Is he reliable?" 
"Don't know." 
Keira's answer was realistic. "I don't even know whether what he just said was true. I only know one thing." 
"What's that?" 
"He genuinely likes my sister and wants to avenge her." 
Keira looked at Lewis. "I've always been puzzled by the way he looks at me. It was only when I saw the photo that I thought he was in love with me, so I distanced myself from him. But just now, when he spoke, he was very emotional. At least for now, we share the same goal, which is to avenge my sister." 
Lewis nodded and then asked, "So you're really giving up on Scott Martin? If he and Vera get engaged tomorrow, you'll have no chance." 
Keira tensed her jaw. "Let's go home first, then think about how to solve this problem." 
"Sure." 
Lewis subconsciously sat in the passenger seat, and then the car started slowly, driving down the road at thirty miles per hour. 
Lewis didn't know what to say. 
He glanced at Keira. 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "What are you looking at? There are a million roads to travel, but I only have one life. One must always drive safely, right? My blood is precious. If I get injured and lose too much iron, it could be fatal!" 
Lewis was speechless. 
He couldn't help but look out the car window. He saw a bicycle overtake their car, and the cyclist curiously looked inside. Upon seeing Keira in the driver's seat, the cyclist revealed a knowing look. "Newbie female driver, heh!" 
"..." 
Lewis looked away, feeling slightly... embarrassed. 
He coughed and looked at Keira again. 
Keira said, "Do you have something to say?" 
"No." 
Keira was satisfied. They continued at a speed of thirty miles per hour, and it took more than an hour to reach the Olsen residence. 
After parking the car perfectly in the parking area, Keira got out and walked a circle around the car. 
Then she headed upstairs but saw Jenkins cleaning the house with another cleaner. Jenkins had rolled up her sleeves, revealing a scar. 
The other cleaner asked, "How did you get that scar on your arm?" 
Jenkins pursed her lips. "It's from years ago when I tried to save Mr. Peter and burnt my arm on his car!"
###Chapter 557
557 Chapter 556 
When Jenkins rescued Peter, the car was already smoking, indicating that a fire or explosion was imminent at any moment. 
Inside the vehicle, it was scorching hot. 
Only after she had exerted all her strength to pull him out did she realize she had burnt her arm, but she didn't think much of it at the time and just went straight home. 
The scar was there to this day. 
The cleaner was stunned upon hearing this. "You saved Young Master Peter? No wonder he's so nice to you!" 
Jenkins blinked. "He's nice to me?" 
"Yes, I saw you coming back with Young Master Peter today, and he was even carrying bags for you..." 
Jenkins pursed her lips. "That's because all those things were bought for Susan. Of course, he had to help me carry some!" 
The cleaner disagreed. "You have no idea. The young masters of the Olsen family are well-mannered. In other families, you'd have to make several trips on your own to carry those things!" 
As they talked, they picked up their cleaning things and walked over to another area. 
Keira and Lewis strode in without hearing what Jenkins and the other cleaner were discussing. The two went upstairs just as two brothers from the Olsen family came downstairs. 
They were Charles and Andy. 
Andy was ranked fourth and often kept to himself. Keira wasn't very clear about what he did for a living, but it seemed to involve cars. 
Andy remained silent, but Charles was laughing. "Keera, just now I saw you parking the car from upstairs. Why were you so slow? It was hilarious!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She looked at Charles, who immediately shut his mouth. "Alright, I won't say anymore. I won't tease you! It's okay. All rookie drivers are like that... When I first started driving, I was slow too." 
Then he turned to Lewis. "Mr. Horton, really, you should take my cousin out for more driving practice when you have time!" 
Lewis was speechless. 
When they left Scott's house, Keira drove to the hospital at breakneck speed. Lewis wasn't even sure how many speed limits she had broken... 
Surely, her license would have been suspended by now, right? 
With the speed she had reached and how smoothly she parked the car—he even heard the screech of the tires against the pavement—could she really be called a newbie? 
He smirked and was about to say something when Charles nudged Andy. "Keera, since Andy is a racer. If Mr. Horton is too busy to help you practice, you can ask Andy!" 
Upon hearing this, Andy nodded toward Keira and then pulled out his phone to send her a message. "I just sent you the address of my racetrack. You can come by and practice whenever you're free." 
Keira nodded and stated the fact. "I can drive. I'm just slow at it." 
Andy glanced at her and said, "Yeah, I know you can drive. I just thought you might enjoy the racetrack. Come by if you like." 
After saying that, he shot Charles a glare. 
They shouldn't hurt their little sister's pride! 
Getting the hint from Andy, Charles quickly added. "Exactly, exactly, we know you can drive. You're a newbie, and naturally, you'd be slow. It's understandable! Keera, you definitely should visit Andy's racetrack and, uh... have some fun there!" 
He decided he absolutely couldn't dent Keera's confidence! 
The two brothers chatted and went downstairs together. 
Keira was baffled. 
Watching them from behind, she couldn't help but turn to Lewis. "Do they not believe me?" 
Lewis tried to suppress a laugh. "Seems that way." 
Keira was speechless. 
Every time she said something, nobody believed her; it was so frustrating! 
They went upstairs and back to their room. 
Keira once again saw the photos on the coffee table featuring her grandmother and mother. She stared at the photo and suddenly asked, "Who do you think my grandfather is?" 
Lewis said, "I have no idea." 
Keira shook her head. "What am I thinking? Right now, the most important thing is to figure out how to prevent Scott and Vera's engagement. What does the Martin family care about the most?" 
She rubbed her chin. 
Lewis said, "I've had Tom keeping an eye on the Martins, and actually, something seems off." 
Keira asked, "What is it?" 
Lewis said, "The Martin family's business isn't in Crera, so it would've been fine to send Scott alone to expand the business. Why did old Mr. Martin personally come here?" 
... 
"I came here looking for someone." 
At the Martin family, when Scott asked, "Grandpa, why did you come in person?" Old Mr. Martin gave him that. 
He sighed before pulling out a photo from his pocket and handing it to Scott, "This is my old flame. She left me with her child a long time ago and came to Crera. Now that I'm getting older, I've always wanted to find her and my daughter..." 
Scott took the photo and immediately saw the elegant woman in the picture. 
As he looked at that middle-aged woman, he found her very graceful. No wonder his grandfather had missed her his whole life. 
Then, his gaze landed on the girl beside the lady. 
The girl seemed to be around fifteen, very innocent-looking, with features that somehow looked familiar... 
Scott was stunned upon seeing the photo. 
Those features made him suddenly think of the time back in Oceanion when he had personally visited the Olsen family when he was mistaken for Keira's husband. That time, he met Mrs. Olsen... 
Wait... How could this girl look so much like Mrs. Olsen?!
###Chapter 558
558 Chapter 557 
Scott stared at the photo, and old Mr. Martin slowly began speaking, looking lost in recollection. "She's my first love, but after she became pregnant, she suddenly left me without a trace." 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "At that time, she used to send me a photo now and then. Through this photo, I learned she was in Clance, but when I wanted to go there that year, I was prevented by various matters. I could only send someone to find her. Unfortunately, they told me the place where she was staying was burnt to the ground by a big fire, and she was dead while my daughter was missing." 
Old Mr. Martin tensed his jaw. "Later, although I got married and had other children, first love is the hardest to forget. And this daughter of mine is missing. It has become my only concern in this life." 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "Scott, you're my most beloved grandson, so can you help me find her?" 
Scott looked at the photo. "Grandpa, if your daughter is still alive, how old would she be today?" 
Old Mr. Martin frowned. "She should be in her forties now. At that age, she must have gotten married..." 
Scott asked, "And your first love, what's her name?" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "I don't know." 
Scott was dumbfounded. "How can you not know?" 
Old Mr. Martin said nostalgically, "Back then, we met at a masquerade ball. At that time, we both used pseudonyms. I spent a very romantic night with her in Country F. Afterward, for half a month, we were together all the time, traveling through the great rivers and mountains of Country F. I fell deeply in love. She was someone incredibly captivating with a very special aura. I wanted to marry her, but then she suddenly disappeared." 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "She was like a sprite who mistakenly wandered into the human world and then evaporated from this earth. I looked everywhere for her, but there was no trace. Later, I followed my family's arrangements and got married. But three years after she disappeared, I suddenly received a photo of her with our daughter." 
At this, the old man showed a hint of tenderness. 
Scott looked on, unable to help but sigh. 
He had grown up with old Mr. Martin, knowing that although his grandparents respected each other, they weren't deeply in love. 
It turns out it was because someone else was in his grandfather's heart. 
He silently sighed again. 
Luckily, his grandmother had passed away. If she were still alive, she would surely be heartbroken. 
However... 
Scott still looked at old Mr. Martin. "Grandpa, what's her surname? Do you know that, at least?" 
Old Mr. Martin shook his head again. 
Scott let out a sigh. "If we don't even know her surname, then all we can do is carry the photo and search for her..." 
He stared at the photo of the teenage girl. 
Having grown up abroad, Scott found it easy to differentiate the faces of foreigners, but he was somewhat face-blind regarding Crera people. 
Keira was exceptionally stunning and distinctive, and that was why he remembered her. 
The girl in the photo and Mrs. Olsen he saw in Oceanion before had some slight similarities, but to him, all those people looked somewhat alike. 
He looked toward old Mr. Martin. "Grandpa, I can help you find this person, but in return, can you promise me that if I find her, I won't have to marry my cousin?" 
Old Mr. Martin didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "That won't do." 
Scott didn't understand. "Why not? Back in the day, you accepted an arranged marriage and were unhappy in your marital life. You know, being with the person you love makes for a happier life, so..." 
"Actually, my life has been quite happy." 
Scott was perplexed. 
Old Mr. Martin chuckled. "Do you think your grandmother and I weren't in love? But we understood each other." 
Scott was startled. "What?" 
Old Mr. Martin chuckled. "We both had someone else in our hearts, so we made a perfect match. Do you think her unhappiness is because of me? No, it was because she was in love with someone else. But you know, our lives together have been very harmonious for many years. Don't marry the woman you love the most... 
"Marriage is the grave of love; marrying the person you love the most is torture. Love fades with the passage of time, and the person you passionately love will eventually become as bland as water. 
"That's an insult to love. My first love and I are both proud individuals. If we had married, life's mundane matters wouldn't necessarily have led to happiness. 
"On the contrary, our families arranged my marriage with your grandmother. Compared to others, our marriage was more stable. We didn't love each other, so we could tolerate each other's flaws more readily and were even more open about our darkest sides... That's why I've had a happy marital life over the years." 
After saying that, Old Mr. Martin turned to Scott, speaking earnestly. "Emotionally, Miss Vera is a very stable person. By marrying her, you'll live well." 
Scott couldn't help but retort, "But Miss Keera is also very stable emotionally." 
"But she gave up on you!" Old Mr. Martin replied, then laughed. "Besides, we and the South family are bound to collaborate and to form a marital alliance." 
He looked at Scott. " Miss Olsen won't marry you, but Vera will, and that's her biggest advantage." 
Scott was puzzled. "Isn't our family not reliant on external alliances? What's so special about the South family?" 
Old Mr. Martin's gaze lowered, his face inscrutable. "The South family is a mysterious entity. For so many years, I've been trying to connect with them. Now that they're willing to join forces with our family, it's an opportunity for us. As a member of the Martin family, you must seize that opportunity. You must marry one of these two!" 
Scott asked, "What does the South family have that compels us to form an alliance through marriage?" 
"They possess something beyond your imagination," said Old Mr. Martin, his tone mild. "Scott, stop resisting. Tomorrow is your engagement party with Vera. Do as you're told. It's the greatest contribution you can make to our family." 
Old Mr. Martin stood up. "You've enjoyed the favorable conditions provided by the Martin family since you were young, so you must take on the responsibilities you owe to the family. Good boy, go now. Vera is your cousin and will become your excellent wife. Don't resist. Try to accept her." 
After saying this, Old Mr. Martin walked away. 
Scott sighed and looked down at the photo in his hand. 
Just then, his phone buzzed once. Picking it up, he saw a message from Keira. "Are you really getting engaged tomorrow?" 
Scott replied, "It seems so. The arrangements are being prepared as we speak." 
Keira said, "Is there any way to stop it?" 
Scott said, "It doesn't seem like it. I don't want to marry Vera, but it seems I have no choice. It's my grandfather's wish." 
Keira said, "Can't you find another way? Doesn't your grandfather have any unfulfilled wishes right now? Maybe I can help fulfill them, then try to persuade him afterward." 
Reading this, Scott was stunned. 
His grandfather's wish... He looked at the photo in his hand... 
He glanced at it and sent a message to Keira. "My grandfather's only wish is to find his lost daughter." 
Keira's message came back quickly. "What daughter? Are there any clues? If I find his daughter, can the wedding be postponed?" 
Scott said, "No." 
After he said that, he felt downhearted. Did Miss Olsen really not have any feelings for him at all? 
As he was contemplating, he saw that Keira had sent another message. "I want to help him find his daughter. Do you have any clues?" 
Scott said, "There's a photo." 
Keira said, "Send it over."
30999b81aa2ed2d22fc02de149b32c8c05d14e7b97f87c65692cd1ed614c94d2e09ad37da4d12b4d884650763e91dbe9
###Chapter 559
559 Chapter 558 
Scott looked at the message and sighed. 
He replied, "I've asked Grandpa. He won't change his mind even if we find his daughter." 
He thought Keira would give up after he said this, but he didn't expect Keira to reply immediately. "It doesn't matter. If there's a slim chance, I want to try." 
Seeing that, Scott replied, "Then I'll ask Grandpa about it." 
After all, the photo was old Mr. Martin's private property. Scott had to inquire about it, and all the photos had been taken away by old Mr. Martin. 
After sending this message, he went upstairs. 
He saw old Mr. Martin standing at the bay window, looking out. 
They lived in the suburbs, with a chain of mountains stretching in the distance. At night, the moonlight sprinkled on the mountain tops, making it look serene and peaceful. 
Scott walked up behind him, and old Mr. Martin said, "Are you here to call off tomorrow's engagement party again?" 
Scott shook his head. "Not me. It's Keira. She wants to try again." 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "Scott, I advise you to keep your distance from Keira after getting engaged." 
Scott was puzzled. "Why?" 
Old Mr. Martin lowered his gaze. "Because Vera and she are mortal enemies. If you marry Vera, the Martin family will side with Vera. Afterward, we'll be in opposition to Keira. I don't want you caught in the middle." 
Scott tensed his jaw. "Grandpa, what's the matter with the South family? Aren't Vera and Keira both from the South family? Why would they be enemies?" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "For some things, the less you know, the better. Tell Keira not to waste her efforts. I'll find my daughter on my own." 
Scott asked again, "So there's really no room for negotiation?" 
Old Mr. Martin shook his head. "Unless Keira is willing to marry you and bear your child. Blood ties are the most solid relationship, which will never break. Otherwise, why would I insist you enter a marital alliance?" 
Scott clenched his fists tightly. 
Old Mr. Martin said, "This matter was sealed the moment Keira refused to marry you, with no room for maneuver. Of course, unless..." 
Old Mr. Martin smiled. "Unless Keira herself is related to us by blood, but how could that be possible?" 
Scott bowed his head and sighed. 
Old Mr. Martin patted his shoulder. "Good boy, go to bed and meet your fiancée with a spirited outlook tomorrow. Vera is, after all, your distant cousin. If you marry her, you have to be responsible for her." 
Scott spoke in a dull voice, "I know." 
Marriages within wealthy families were just like that. Everyone was but a pitiful person. 
Scott wouldn't distance himself from Vera due to her domineering personality. If they did enter marriage, he would be respectful and accommodating. 
He sighed and turned to leave but then looked toward old Mr. Martin. "Please give me the photo. How can I help you find someone without the photo?" 
Old Mr. Martin handed the photo to him and said, "Don't just give the photo to anyone. I don't want my daughter's information exposed, lest it bring trouble to her. You can only show the photo to people you trust." 
"Okay." 
Scott took the photo and left. 
… 
The Olsen family. 
Keira and Lewis stayed with Amy in the suite specifically prepared for her by Uncle Olsen. 
Amy and the nanny had already gone to sleep, while Keira and Lewis were sitting on the sofa, both feeling somewhat troubled. 
The two originally considered using interests as bait, but unexpectedly, old Mr. Martin was immune to both carrot and stick, leaving only the path of marriage alliance as an option. 
Keira had so many identities and disguises, and none had been revealed before she had already been rejected, which gave her a feeling of having strength but nowhere to apply it. 
She propped up her chin and looked toward Lewis. "What do you suggest we do? If enticement through benefits doesn't work, should we resort to threats of force?" 
Lewis said indifferently, "It's not out of the question." 
Keira rolled her eyes. "But the Martin family only has a handful of people here; their stronghold is overseas. Where am I supposed to get international power to threaten them with force?" 
Lewis said, "I could give it a try." 
When Keira heard this, she immediately turned to look at him. 
Lewis often attended international conferences, of which Keira was aware. Sometimes, she could catch bits of sensitive information when overhearing their conversations. 
However, she had never probed nor asked about what exactly Lewis's influence overseas entailed. 
Now, listening to him, why did it feel... somewhat formidable? 
Nevertheless, she didn't pry further and just said, "Even if we threaten them with force, they would be reluctant, so it's not very useful." 
As she spoke, she sighed. 
At that moment, her phone suddenly rang. She recognized the number. It was actually the one she had called Fox with when monitoring Susan's phone activities. 
Keira frowned and sneered before answering the call. 
As expected, an electronic voice said, "Rabbit, have you given up?" 
Keira immediately narrowed her eyes. 
The other side chuckled lightly. "I was really happy to see you today." 
It was indeed Vera! 
Keira frowned. "Vera, you think you're going to win?" 
"Of course, the engagement banquet is tomorrow. On the night of the engagement banquet, I will consummate the marriage with Scott, and as soon as I get pregnant, my alliance with the Martin family will be secured." 
No longer disguising her voice with the electronic tone, Vera said, "I have no lover, or rather, I've never put love before interests. That's why I can beat you. Rabbit, do you want to send Amy over right now?" 
Keira tightened her fists at these words and sneered coldly. "If you have the guts, come and snatch her yourself. I'll make sure it's a one-way trip for you!" 
"Well..." 
The voice on the other side laughed in a devilish way. "You say all these harsh words, but what use are they? In the end, the winner is me. As for you... Well, you could give up and support me. Be my little lackey, and maybe I will spare your life! After all, only one of us can win. Oh, actually, if you were to die, no one would look after Amy, and she would end up mine... Ha!" 
Fox said this much and then hung up the phone. 
Keira was so angry her face turned pale. She abruptly turned to look at Lewis. "About the forceful threats, can you really pull it off?" 
Lewis said, "Yes, I can, but if we do resort to force, we might destroy the Martin family. That way, they won't be able to serve as your support anymore. We need to determine how exactly the support of the Martin family is useful to your future." 
Keira was startled. 
Who would have thought Lewis's threats could be so potent? 
The Martin family was innocent, weren't they? They were just picking a side... Moreover, she considered Scott a friend... 
As she was struggling with this, Keira received a text from Scott. "Grandpa showed me the photo, but he won't allow me to take a picture of it. Shall we meet and talk?" 
Upon seeing this message, Keira immediately responded, "Okay, I'm coming to see you now." 
After sending the message, she got to her feet. 
In her gut, she had a feeling that she needed to see this picture...
###Chapter 560
560 Chapter 559 
Keira didn't know what had gotten into her, perhaps like a drowning person clutching at the last straw. 
The Martin family desired neither power nor wealth, which left her feeling at a loss for where to begin. 
Now that she finally knew old Mr. Martin's weak point, she was definitely going to give it a try. 
Lewis stood up with her. "I'll go with you." 
Keira nodded, and as they were getting ready to leave, she received a message from Scott. "I'm going to try on my clothes now. Tomorrow is my engagement party, and I invite you to come. We can chat then." 
Reading this message, Keira paused slightly, not knowing why, but she felt that Scott had become somewhat colder toward her, seemingly keeping his distance on purpose. 
Upon reflection, she understood why. 
The engagement party between Scott and Vera was definitely going to happen the following day, and considering that Vera and Keira were rivals, Scott at least had to show respect to Vera, his fiancée. 
Keira pursed her lips, knowing that if she didn't devise a plan, the Martin family would side with Vera. 
Keira replied to the message. "Okay, I'll definitely be there tomorrow." 
After putting down her phone, she was somewhat anxious. 
Seeing her like this, Lewis said, "Meet force with force, and flood with dike. Don't worry about it." 
Keira nodded. "I'm going to take a shower." 
After she went to the bathroom, Lewis fell silent for a moment before heading out to the balcony, where he made a call to Tom. 
Tom must have just fallen asleep, as his voice was a bit muffled. "Boss, what's up? It's so late." 
"Get the forces in Country F ready; if necessary, transfer some people from the southeast region over there." 
Tom quickly perked up upon hearing this. "What do we need to do? Is there a mission?" 
Lewis then said, "Find out all of the Martin family's assets and be ready to take over at any moment to replace them!" 
Tom was shocked. "Boss, have you lost your mind? Didn't we check on the Martin family before? They are the nobility of Country F. Do you want to replace them? How is that possible?! Unless we move all our overseas forces there!" 
At these words, Lewis lowered his gaze. 
Indeed. 
To the outside world, the Martin family appeared as a prominent Creran family, yet a thorough investigation would reveal that they were the nobility of Country F and the current king was Scott's own uncle. 
That was why the Martin family didn't lack money or power. 
This was exactly why Keira had always wanted to cooperate with old Mr. Martin yet had never managed to do so. They didn't regard ordinary families with interest. 
Even the entire Olsen family would fall short in status when dealing with them, let alone Keira. 
But... 
Lewis lifted his head, his gaze resolute. "Keira chose me, so I must pave the way for her. I can't let her face difficulty." 
Keira had never hesitated to choose him, so he must solve the problem with the Martin family for her! 
Since the Martin family intended to form an alliance with the Souths, then why not go all out and replace the Martin family? Even if Vera married into the Martin family, what of it? All of the Martin family's influence would be his, and thus, Keira's! 
Tom said, "Boss, we've been building up our forces overseas for so long, a whole ten years, all for that one thing. If we target the Martin family now, we may ruin everything we've worked for. You..." 
Before he could finish, Lewis cut him off. "If I can set up the board once, I can do it a second time! I can wait another ten years, but Keira can't wait that long." 
He could tell that Keira might lose her mind if Jodie South wasn't saved soon. 
She appeared calm, but every time Jodie was mentioned, Keira grew more frantic than the last. 
Tom paused slightly, then asked in resignation, "Have you made up your mind?" 
"I have." 
"Alright." 
Tom answered, "We'll follow your orders in everything. Moreover, for the sake of Miss Keira, all of this is indeed worth it!" 
After hanging up, Lewis looked toward the shower. He could vaguely see the graceful figure inside, and his eyes seemed to grow darker. 
From the moment Keira made her choice without hesitation when old Mr. Martin asked her to choose, Lewis knew he had loved the right person. 
He absolutely wouldn't let Keira fall into a predicament and would definitely help her complete the task given by the South family and rescue Jodie South with Keira. 
When Keira came out of the room, she saw Lewis looking at her seriously. 
She looked down at herself. 
She was dripping from the shower. Wrapped in a towel, she was drying her hair, exposing her shoulders and a bit of her lower legs. There wasn't anything else. 
What was Lewis looking at? 
Did she have foam on her head that she hadn't rinsed off? 
As Keira was doubting herself, Lewis suddenly stepped forward and hugged her tightly. 
Keira was slightly startled, then asked, "What's wrong?" 
"Keira, remember, no matter what happens, I'm there for you." 
The restless feeling in Keira's chest seemed to calm down a bit with those words. 
Having sensed Scott's attitude and knowing there was no room for negotiation on old Mr. Martin's part, she was indeed anxious. 
Fearing for Jodie's safety, even when Keira was taking a shower just now, she had been thinking about ensuring her mother's safety and sabotaging tomorrow's engagement party. 
But as soon as Lewis uttered those words, she suddenly felt a sense of tranquility. 
No matter what kind of storm tomorrow might bring, she would deal with those problems! 
Thinking this, the heavy feeling in Keira's chest seemed to lighten a bit. She hugged Lewis tightly and kissed him. 
Lewis wrapped his arms firmly around her waist and lowered his head to deepen the kiss. 
The two of them rolled onto the bed. 
After a bout of passion, Lewis suddenly realized something. "I haven't taken a shower." 
Keira pushed him slightly. "Then you better go..." 
However, Lewis suddenly picked her up. "It's so hot; you must have sweated too. Let's take a shower together..." 
He carried Keira and strode toward the bathroom. 
There was a double massage bathtub in the bathroom, and he smiled faintly. "My future father-in-law has arranged everything perfectly." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Keira had thought it would be a sleepless night, but she didn't expect that after so much exertion with Lewis, she would eventually fall into a deep sleep. 
It wasn't until she woke up the next day and saw that it was already eleven in the morning that she sat up. 
Lewis sat on the sofa in the room with a satisfied look as he dealt with matters. 
With his casual demeanor, one couldn't tell at all that he had just issued decisive orders online. He said gently, "Keira, get up and get ready. We're going to attend their engagement party."
###Chapter 561
561 Chapter 560 
Keira nodded. "Okay." 
After she got out of bed and opened the bedroom door, she saw Amy pacing back and forth outside. The nanny asked, "Miss Amy, shall we go out and play? Your mom is sleeping, and Mr. Horton said not to disturb her." 
Amy, with her hands behind her back, looked obedient. She spoke in a sweet voice, "Shh, be quiet, don't wake Mummy." 
Keira's heart melted at the sight. 
She immediately squatted down to pick Amy up. 
Feeling the embrace, Amy immediately stretched out her little hands and wrapped them around Keira's neck. "Mummy, you're awake! I missed you so much!" 
Keira couldn't help but laugh. "Didn't we see each other last night?" 
When she returned to the Olsen family last night, she found out the nanny and Amy hadn't gone to bed. The nanny said, "Miss Amy insisted on waiting for you to come home before she would go to bed." 
Keira kissed Amy, who then grabbed her hand and asked, "Mummy, you won't abandon Amy, will you?" 
Keira's heart ached when she heard that. 
Looking at the frail Amy, she wanted to tell the little girl that her mother was already gone. 
But she dared not say it, nor could she. 
Holding Amy tightly, she said firmly, "No, I'll never leave you." 
This morning, Amy was at the door again… 
The nanny then said, "Madam, I don't know what's going on with Miss Amy, but she's been extra clingy these past few days. As soon as she woke up this morning, she wanted to find you. I told her you were sleeping, and she has been waiting here for you for three hours." 
Children who slept early woke up early. 
Amy woke up at seven in the morning and had been staying there since breakfast. 
Keira asked, "What's the matter?" 
"I don't know," the nanny said in a low voice as she approached. "Miss Amy was calling for her mother in her sleep last night. Has something happened recently? She seems to feel very insecure." 
Is something going to happen? 
There was only one thing. Fox said he would snatch Amy away. It seemed that children were indeed very sensitive. Amy's instinct had already made her sense the danger, which was why she was clinging to Keira. 
Keira patted Amy's back to comfort her. "Amy, don't worry. As long as Mummy is here, no one can take you away." 
Only then did Amy relax and nod. 
Keira turned to the bathroom. "I'm going to freshen up, Amy. Can you play with the nanny for a while?" 
"Okay." 
Keira entered the bathroom, brushed her teeth, washed her face, and was just about to grab a towel from the side to dry her face when a little hand passed her a towel. 
Keira was startled and looked down to see Amy, who had been beside her the whole time. 
The little one was holding a towel, which wasn't too big for Keira but very large in Amy's hands. Amy looked up adorably, with big, round eyes that had a pitiful look. 
Keira felt as if her chest was heavily struck. 
She took the towel, wiped her face, and then crouched down to pick up Amy. "Why didn't you go play?" 
"I wanted to stay with Mommy," Amy said in a delicate voice. "Is that okay?" 
Keira paused for a moment and replied, "That's fine." 
Lewis said, "Today, we're going to attend Scott's engagement dinner." 
Amy immediately looked up at Keira with wide eyes. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Facing such lovely eyes, who would dare to say no? 
She sighed and nodded. "Okay, I'll take you with me." 
Amy immediately cheered up. 
As they were getting ready to go downstairs and have lunch, a voice came from the doorway. "How can you still have the appetite?!" 
Keira turned her head and saw Erin enter the door. She said anxiously, "Tonight, my brother is getting engaged to Vera. How can you still be so calm? I heard from Grandpa. that I don't know what you're up to, but whoever my brother marries, our family will support them. The one who isn't supported seems to be in danger. With things like this, how can you still have an appetite?" 
Erin spoke in a crisp voice, which was particularly pleasant to the ear, and she was lively and restless. 
Keira asked, "How come you're here?" 
Erin sighed. "I couldn't stand watching my brother doing nothing, so I came here. I'm hoping you can think of a way to save him. My family doesn't usually arrange marriages, so why is it that when it comes to my brother, he has to enter into one? The key is that he, the good-for-nothing, actually agreed to it! Just yesterday, he was still arguing with Grandpa, but today, he acts as if he is accepting his fate, even telling me that marrying a woman he doesn't love might lead to greater happiness. I think he's lost his mind, and he's been brainwashed by my grandpa!" 
Erin said all this in a huff and then turned to look at Amy, pinching her cheek. "Little Amy, did you miss me?" 
Her demeanor showed no sign of awkwardness. 
Amy shrank back to avoid her hand and said in a babyish voice, "I missed you, Auntie Erin." 
This made Erin blush, and then she asked, "Why are you calling me that?" 
"Uncle Charles told me to call you that." 
Amy immediately betrayed Charles. 
Keira then looked around and said, "Charles doesn't seem to be at home." 
"I know. I have an appointment with him at twelve o'clock," Erin said. 
Erin sat on the couch, looked at Keira, and said, "My grandpa has some issues with his views on love, but that's the old generation's way of thinking. Back then, they adhered strictly to parental arrangements and matchmakers' introductions. Things have changed now... His first love dumped him, and now he preaches that the one you can't have is always the best, and he's brainwashing my brother... Hmm, I really can't stand seeing Grandpa like that!" 
Keira asked curiously, "Your grandpa's first love?" 
At the mention of this, Erin's eyes lit up. "Don't be fooled by how formidable my grandpa seems. Although he was the previous king... bah, I mean, just pretend you didn't hear that. Actually, my grandpa has always held onto someone in his heart, and that's his first love! I heard that his first love didn't fancy him and ran off when she was pregnant. Afterward, she would just send him a picture every now and then. While my grandma was still alive, she kept a tight leash, and my grandpa didn't dare to say anything. Now that my grandma has been gone for half a year, he's started to look for his first love again. I figured he must still have his reasons!" 
After that, Erin whispered, "He sneaks into the study every day to look at a picture with two women on it; one is his first love, and the other is their daughter. He thinks no one knows about it. One day, I sneaked in and saw the picture..." 
As she said this, Erin suddenly turned to size up Keira. "You know, that girl in the picture kinda looks like you."
###Chapter 562
562 Chapter 561 
Keira was slightly stunned when she heard this. 
Before she could speak, Erin added. "But you don't really resemble her because your facial features aren't the same..." 
Erin casually picked up a grape and said, "My grandfather is an unhappy man, so he's always trying to make others unhappy. My brother is the most direct victim. Anyway, I don't listen to him; I have my eyes set on Charles, and I will marry no one else but him!" 
"Ahem..." 
A cough came from the doorway, and as everyone turned their heads, they saw Charles enter the room; his face was flushed red. Seeing everyone was looking at him, he immediately corrected himself, "I should have been the one who said that!" 
"Oh, I know you'll marry no one but me!" 
"No, I mean, a girl isn't supposed to make that statement! You are marrying me!" 
Charles explained helplessly. 
Nevertheless, Erin stared with innocent, wide eyes. "In our country, marriage is just a man and a woman becoming husband and wife. No matter who says that sentence, isn't it the same thing?" 
Charles didn't know what to say. 
He gave up and simply said, "I've booked a private restaurant. Shall we go?" 
Erin immediately stood up. "Yes, of course! I came at noon today just to have lunch with you! By the way, little Amy, are you going?" 
Amy immediately looked toward Keira with longing eyes. 
The engagement banquet for Scott Martin and Vera South was in the evening, so she still needed lunch. 
The family had already had breakfast, and it wasn't yet lunchtime, so no preparations had been made. If the maids started cooking now, it would disrupt the schedule... 
Going out to eat was indeed a nice choice. 
As Keira thought this, Erin grabbed her arm and said, "Come on! Stop being so cold all the time. You should come out with us!" 
After saying that, she dragged Keira toward the door. 
Keira looked helplessly at Lewis, who followed by her side. "Let's go. We'll eat out. Then we can go shopping for a dress in the afternoon, do our makeup, and then attend the banquet." 
Keira nodded. 
The group headed out and got into a car. 
Erin was very clingy, sitting with Charles, but kept talking to Keira. "Keira, you should spruce yourself up this afternoon and outshine that Vera South! You have no idea how arrogant she is at home. She thinks she's the most beautiful in the world! I can't stand her attitude!" 
Keira didn't know whether to laugh or cry when she heard this. 
Erin then gave her another look. "And also, I want my grandfather and brother to regret not choosing you! Once Vera marries my brother, she's definitely going to be a troublemaker! Just like that Susan Simpson from your family..." 
She said this and stuck out her tongue. 
Charles immediately tugged at her arm. "Be careful with what you're talking about." 
Erin coughed. "There's no outsider here. I just can't help it. I think that Susan is so pretentious. What was Peter thinking? How could he fall for her?!" 
At this point, she suddenly asked, "Will that Susan be there tonight?" 
Charles paused for a moment. "She should be. I remember the Martin family sent invitations to our family, and everyone was invited. If Peter goes, he will surely bring her as his date." 
"What a bummer. I have to see her again." 
Erin pouted. 
Keira couldn't help but raise an eyebrow as well. 
Susan worked for Fox, and she would surely attend tonight. Would she recognize Vera? It remained to be seen what Vera and Scott would do after their engagement tonight. 
And Amy... 
Keira agreed to take Amy with her because she knew Fox's ultimate target was Amy, and she was worried about leaving Amy at home in case something happened. In any case, it was safest to keep Amy by her side. 
If she, the eldest senior sister of the Freeman Sect, couldn't protect Amy, then probably no one in Clance could. 
The group of people arrived at the private dining restaurant. 
They got out of the car and headed toward the restaurant. 
Erin was a little foodie who had no resistance to Crera cuisine. Looking at the menu, she wanted all the dishes on the menu and eventually ordered a full table's worth of food, which was far more than they could eat. 
Erin stuck out her tongue. "Crera cuisine is too delicious! I couldn't help myself! Charles, you must marry me! I'm going to stay in Crera! I'm going to eat my way through all the Crera cuisine!" 
Charles said, "I should be the one saying that... Never mind, you can say it however you want; my family is very open-minded; my eldest brother will even marry into the Freeman Sect. If you insist, then so be it!" 
"Teehee!" 
Erin laughed heartily and ate joyfully. 
Unable to bear watching her like this, Amy said, "My mom cooks really well! It's even better than all these dishes combined!" 
Erin's eyes immediately lit up, and she turned to Keira. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Erin immediately moved closer to Keira. "Keira, when will you cook? Remember to invite me!" 
Keira said, "Sure…" 
Erin was as lively as a little sun. 
There was no one like her among the people Keira knew. 
Rebecca was quite delicate and a typical lady. 
Mary was a powerful woman. 
Back in Oceanion, Holly was a bit old-fashioned. 
It was difficult to turn down a friend like Erin. Keira simply couldn't say no. 
A friend... 
Keira suddenly realized that without knowing it, she had been swept up in Erin's enthusiasm and had subconsciously considered her a friend. 
She heard a loud slap from a nearby dining table as she pondered this. 
Everyone turned their heads, only to see a man slap his wife and stare at her. "Say that again? Believe it or not, I'll beat you to death!" 
The wife bent her head, covering her face and crying. 
"How dare you cry?! What excuse do you have to cry?!" 
The man seemed even more agitated and slapped her again. 
Keira frowned slightly, but before she could act, Erin had already leaped up. "That's too much!" 
Keira immediately grabbed her wrist. "Don't meddle." 
Erin showed an incredulous expression. "Keira, what are you saying?" 
Keira said, "We don't know what exactly has transpired between that husband and wife, and since the wife hasn't sought help, let's observe a bit longer and not get involved so soon." 
As they spoke, the man slapped his wife again! 
"How can we not get involved?" 
Erin became agitated. "Keira, I know you're cool-tempered and generally indifferent to others, but I always thought you were cold on the outside and warm on the inside. I really liked you and considered you a friend. I can't believe you could be so heartless! Was I wrong about you?" 
She frowned, looking hurt. "I won't blame you if you don't get involved, and I don't have any right to impose my morals on you, to expect you to step up, but I definitely can't stand by and watch something like this. No matter what, a man should never hit a woman! Even if you don't intervene, I hope you won't stop me! Don't make me lose respect for you!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She frowned slightly, yet she sighed and let go of Erin's wrist. 
Erin rushed over just as the man was about to slap the woman for the fourth time. She shouted, "Stop!"
###Chapter 563
563 Chapter 562 
Charles also rushed over. The young couple looked indignant, their appearance brimming with naive righteousness. 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a glance and, with a helpless sigh, stood up and walked over. 
Seeing them approach, the man immediately became arrogant and warned Erin, "I'm hitting my own wife. What's it to you? I'm warning you, don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong!" 
The woman he was hitting then lifted her head, looking pitifully at Erin, and said, "Honey, please don't hit me. Let's talk this out." 
"Haven't I been talking to you nicely?" 
After saying that, the man slapped the woman again. 
The woman's face was struck to the side, her cheek swelling as her tears began to fall. "Please don't hit me..." 
Erin immediately said, "Madam, do you need me to call the police for you?" 
Before the woman could respond, the man angrily pointed at Erin. "It's none of your business! Are you looking for trouble because you have nothing better to do? Get lost!" 
Erin promptly responded, "Hitting a woman in public is simply wrong. Even if you are husband and wife, hitting her is domestic violence! It's illegal, believe me or not. I'm going to call the police right now." 
As Erin said this, she took out her phone. 
Just as she was about to call the police, the man swung his hand forcefully, knocking Erin's phone away, then shoved her. "You dare call the police? I'll kill you!" 
Erin stumbled backward, struggling to maintain her balance. 
Charles immediately steadied her, then angrily turned to the man, "You could have just spoken nicely. Why did you have to get physical?" 
"So what if I got physical? Young man, I suggest you keep out of this!" 
The man glared menacingly at Erin and asked Charles, "Is this your girlfriend? Is she so meddlesome because you're not good enough for her? A woman should be taught a lesson so she knows the power of a man! You look like a gigolo, unable even to keep a woman in line. What a waste!" 
Erin got angry and stepped forward, "What did you just say?" 
The man pushed Erin again. "What's it to you about how I discipline my own woman? Do you want to act like a couple standing up for justice? You should weigh your own capabilities!" 
After that, he looked Erin up and down. "But you do look quite appealing, eh? How about it? If you talk to me nicely, I might even let you off..." 
Upon hearing this, Charles could no longer restrain himself and charged forward, landing a fierce punch on the man's face. 
The man immediately became furious, hopping on his feet to hit Charles. 
In the next moment, Keira grabbed his wrist. 
With a little shove, Keira pushed the man several steps back, and Charles immediately pounced up and started to hit him! 
The restaurant staff quickly came over, intervening. "Gentlemen, please stop fighting!" 
The manager also hurriedly called the police. 
Half an hour later, the group of people were sitting in the police station holding cell. 
Erin looked at the bruises on Charles's face and couldn't help but say, "That man was way out of line! Does it hurt?" 
After that, she turned to Keira and said, "Sorry for dragging you into this." 
Keira shook her head in resignation. 
Erin then said, "But I don't think I did anything wrong! At least we saved that woman today; otherwise, she would have been beaten by her husband! I hope she gets a divorce!" 
Keira replied, "She won't get a divorce. That's why I stopped you from meddling." 
Erin immediately looked at her in shock. "She won't leave him? That's impossible! Are you sure?" 
Keira explained in resignation, "An ordinary woman would instinctively fight back when being hit, but she didn't show any resistance at all. That indicates that it wasn't her first time being beaten." 
Erin immediately frowned. "Even if it wasn't the first time, she should still fight back. If she doesn't resist, it'll only make the abusers more arrogant!" 
Seeing that she still didn't understand, Keira simply stopped talking. 
Charles then said, "Do you think it's because the woman wants a divorce but is being threatened by the abuser into staying silent?" 
Keira glanced at him, "Indeed, in this world, many women want to fight back but are powerless, but that woman isn't one of them." 
Erin stared at her with those innocent, wide eyes. "Why do you say that? Perhaps this time, we might even leave a domestic violence record for that man, and then the woman could get divorced!" 
Keira looked at her naively unblemished face and then at Charles, who was just another simple college student, feeling a headache coming on. 
She had been toughing it out since she was young and had grown accustomed to these people. Therefore, she could tell which women wanted to save themselves and which had resigned themselves to their fate. If someone helped the latter type, she might even turn around and bite back... 
Keira had suffered from that kind of woman numerous times already. 
However, Keira couldn't bring herself to preach to Erin; her family had protected the girl too well. She was beautiful and kind-hearted, and it would be good for her to learn about the evil in society. 
Charles said, "No matter what, we did a good deed today. Erin, you were really brave!" 
Erin smiled and remained silent, lifting her chin proudly. Then, she glanced at Keira. "We can't lose the most important thing in humanity." 
At this point, someone came looking for them. Tom came with a lawyer to bail them out, and they all left. Then, the police handed over a document. "Sign here, and you can go." 
Keira and Lewis signed promptly. 
Erin then asked, "What about that couple? Do you have a record of that man's domestic violence? And the wife, did she mention wanting a divorce?" 
The police officer heard this and was taken aback, giving no answer. 
Erin continued. "Did the wife say she wanted to thank us? Officer, you don't need to give her our contact details. What we enjoy the most is doing good deeds without leaving a trace. It's just a small effort, after all." 
The police officer didn't know what to say. 
He coughed, looking rather awkward. 
Noticing this, Erin grew curious. "What's wrong? Don't tell me that man abused his wife again!" 
Hearing that, the police officer couldn't hold back any longer and finally said, "No, here's the thing. The wife testified that you were the ones who initiated the fight, so we judged that you were at fault first. Therefore, you need to cover the husband's medical expenses." 
Erin was dumbfounded.
###Chapter 564
564 Chapter 563 
Erin couldn't believe her ears. 
In disbelief, she looked at the police officer. "What did you say? That wife said it was us who started the fight? But that man pushed me first; he..." 
The officer said in resignation, "The place where you were eating just so happened to have no surveillance cameras, so there's no way to prove your innocence. Right now, they are insisting that it was you who started the fight, and the man's injuries do look more serious. So..." 
Erin's eyes widened in shock. 
Keira just glanced at Tom, and he immediately said, "Alright, officer, we'll compensate him. It's a minor issue, so let me handle it..." 
Tom went aside with the officer. 
Only then did Erin slowly turn her head and look at Keira with a wronged expression. "Why did it turn out like this?" 
Keira sighed. "Erin, you need to understand that the world isn't as wonderful as we imagine, but I don't want you to lose your love for it. Just maintain your innocence." 
Like an eggplant beaten by frost, Erin followed Keira out the door. 
Even after getting into the car, she still looked deeply affected, as if society had given her a harsh beating, which Keira found amusing. 
Charles was doing a bit better than Erin, so he comforted her a little. 
Seeing that Erin still didn't cheer up, Keira was just about to look for some comforting words online when Erin suddenly lifted her head, her eyes fixed firmly ahead. "I think my sister is right!" 
Charles was startled, "What?" 
Erin said, "Even though the world isn't that wonderful, it doesn't matter to me. My family is influential enough, and I can afford to make mistakes! Like today's incident, it won't have any impact on my life, so the next time something like this happens, I'll still intervene!" 
Keira was slightly taken aback when she heard this. 
She looked at Erin and saw a vibrant vitality in her. 
She was like a little sun, born into a good family, always positive and never backing down. 
It was different from Keira's childhood... 
Back then, Keira didn't have the luxury of making mistakes. Helping the wrong person meant her future few months of living expenses would be used to pay for medical bills. 
No one was there to cover for her, so she had to learn to protect herself wisely. 
Suddenly, she felt a pang of envy for Erin, as it was a smooth sailing life that shaped Erin's cheerful personality. Keira also realized that she shouldn't have stopped Erin just then. She should have become part of Erin's confidence. 
Having realized that, Keira let out a relieved smile. 
Erin had fully bounced back. The incident didn't seem to have any lasting effect on her. The four adults and Amy found another place to eat and then went to a makeup studio for a session. 
They had prepared their evening gowns in advance, and after getting dressed, they tidied up and headed to the hotel lobby for Scott and Vera's engagement party. 
As they reached the entrance, they saw the Martin family's butler collecting invitations. Those invited were all notable figures from Clance, and security was extremely strict. 
The group stood at the entrance, waiting for the Olsen family to arrive. 
In the parking area, Rebecca and Frankie stepped out of the car together. 
The Martin family held considerable influence abroad, so the five major families of Clance were willing to show their respect by attending; most families sent an elder along with their younger generations. 
As Frankie had taken over the family business, his parents didn't come. 
Rebecca got out of the car and started looking around. "I don't even know if Keira has arrived yet. Ever since she moved back to the Olsen family, I haven't seen her, and I don't know how she's doing or if she misses me!" 
As she said this, she sounded a bit resentful. "And then there's Mary, who went back with Keira to the Olsen residence, saying she had forgiven Ellis. I think she just wanted to stay with Miss Keira! Back at the South residence, she always competed with me for Miss Keira..." 
Frankie listened to her childish complaints and couldn't help but rub his forehead, speechless. 
Just then, the Olsen family's car arrived. 
Rebecca's eyes immediately lit up. 
She stationed herself there, staring intently at the cars. 
The Olsen family's vehicles arrived in a convoy of three, and once they were all parked, Rebecca anxiously looked toward the first car, from which two Olsen brothers alighted. 
From the second car, three more brothers got out. 
Rebecca's gaze then fixed on the third car. She walked over and thought Miss Keira had to be in that car. 
But unexpectedly, when the door opened, the person who stepped out was Ellis. 
Rebecca peered inside the car again and asked, "Ellis, where's Keira?" 
Ellis coughed, "She came earlier with Mr. Horton." 
"They came earlier? If I'd known, I would've messaged her first. I've wasted so much time here!" Rebecca deflated upon hearing this and hurried toward the banquet hall. 
Frankie nodded respectfully at Ellis. 
Ellis nodded back and continued to explain to Rebecca, "She just texted me. Since we're invited together, they are waiting for us at the entrance of the banquet hall." 
Rebecca immediately quickened her pace. "Then let's hurry up. We shouldn't keep Miss Keira waiting too long!" 
Reluctantly, Ellis hastened his steps. 
Rebecca glanced back at his car, saw no one else coming out, and asked with a tinge of jealousy, "What about Miss Mary? Is she with Miss Keira? What did they do this afternoon? Why aren't they here? Did they go out to eat? Why didn't they invite me?!" 
Ellis said, "Mary is feeling a bit under the weather. She's resting at home today." 
At these words, Rebecca's eyes sparkled, "Really?" 
Great! Tonight, no one would compete with her for the position of Keira's little follower! She could stick with Keira all night... 
But when she saw Ellis's stern face, Rebecca realized she had made it too obvious. Being happy about someone else's wife being sick was indeed a bit inappropriate... 
She gave a sheepish smile and then sped up her pace, moving as swiftly and lightly as a butterfly, quickly heading toward the grand foyer of the banquet hall. 
"Miss Keira, I'm coming!" 
Tonight, with Mary gone, there would finally be no one to compete with her for the role of Keira's little follower. She could stick with Keira all night long! 
Rebecca indulged in her pleasant thoughts until she rushed to the banquet hall entrance, where she spotted Keira from afar. Her eyes gleamed even brighter. "Miss Keira!" 
But the next moment, she saw a lively and bright girl, like a little sun, appear beside Keira. 
Rebecca was dumbfounded. 
A sense of crisis immediately struck her!
###Chapter 565
565 Chapter 564 
Was that a new rival? 
Was there someone else to compete with her over Miss Keira's friendship? 
Rebecca stepped forward as if facing a formidable enemy, directly taking Keira's left arm. "Miss Olsen, I've missed you so much after not seeing you for several days!" 
The next moment, Erin cut in, elbowing her way between Rebecca and Keira. "You are Miss Allen, right? I am Erin. Where is your invitation? You need to have it checked here. Keera, I told you that you don't need to wait for an invitation. I can take you inside! Let's go this way." 
She tugged at Keira, intending to enter the banquet hall. 
Rebecca immediately became jealous. "Miss Olsen, wait for me!" 
After saying this, she swiftly pulled out the invitation from her handbag and handed it to the butler, then rushed forward to take Keira's right arm. 
"Miss Olsen, who is this? Someone you recently met?" 
Rebecca tried to affirm her authority. 
Erin just laughed. "Some people know each other for ten years and are just fair-weather friends, while others meet for two days and feel as though they've known each other forever. Keera and I are the latter!" 
She held onto Keira's arm. 
Rebecca instantly became like a cat with its fur standing on end. "Miss Olsen and I are friends who have been through life and death. She has saved my life, not just once but twice. Is your friendship with her as solid as ours?" 
Erin said, "Oh, she saved you, did she? I'd have thought it was the other way around." 
Rebecca was shocked. 
Feeling a headache coming on, Keira looked at the two of them. 
Rebecca was already twenty-four, while Erin was also over twenty. Why did they act like children who had never grown up? 
She couldn't help but glance at Lewis, who was following behind, holding Amy. His face had darkened. He looked at Erin and Rebecca as if he could kill. 
...And there was it, another jealous type. 
Keira rubbed her forehead, wondering if something was wrong. 
She coughed lightly. "Well, I'm going to give Amy something to eat. She's hungry." 
Having said that, she broke free from the tug of war between the two women and took the little girl from Lewis, retreating to the side. She got a small cake for Amy, and they quietly found a corner to sit in. 
The world finally became peaceful. 
Keira let out a long sigh of relief. 
Then she couldn't help but chuckle to herself. 
When she had no friends before, she felt lonely. In Oceanion, she seemed not to be fond of making friends either. Now that she had many friends, it turned out to be quite troubling. 
But it was a sweet trouble. 
She held Amy, only to see Erin and Rebecca craning their necks in the distance, seemingly waiting for the moment she finished feeding Amy so they could rush over to her. 
Realizing their intention, Keira quickly got another piece of cake for Amy. 
Amy, who usually was controlled not to eat sweets, faced a sudden windfall of happiness. 
Her eyes instantly lit up, and she began to eat in small bites. 
She was adorable. Watching her eat, Keira couldn't help but smile. 
Just then, a voice suddenly rang out. "Is this Amy?" 
Keira looked up and saw Vera, who had approached them and was standing behind Amy, staring at her. 
Keira immediately narrowed her eyes and held Amy close. She was on guard. 
Amy glanced at her, confused, then resumed eating her food quietly. 
Keira said, "Who she is has nothing to do with you!" 
Vera, however, crossed her arms and laughed. "She's your daughter, so she has everything to do with me. Besides, do you think you can protect Amy?" 
She bent down slightly and chuckled. "After I get engaged to Scott today, I'll consummate our marriage tonight. It's my ovulation period, and in a month, I'll be pregnant with his child. Then, you'll lose this battle for good. Keera, if you lose, Amy will be mine..." 
These words made Keira's pupils contract; she frowned and laughed coldly. "The wedding isn't set yet, and you're already thinking about the future. Vera, are you so sure today's engagement party will go smoothly?" 
Vera sneered. "Why wouldn't it go smoothly? All the factors that could impede us have been cleared away. You gave up the Martin family for Lewis Horton, and old Mr. Martin made it very clear that no matter how much money you offer, he won't care. No matter what cooperation you propose, he won't want it. He only wants a marriage alliance. Keera, do you know why?" 
Keira didn't speak. 
Vera bent down slightly. "Because only a marriage alliance can be the most reliable connection, and only blood relations are inseparable! I just need a child to tie myself to the Martin family, which is a very lucrative deal." 
She patted Keira's shoulder. "When I first came to Crera, I saw Scott had affection for you. I thought I had no chance. But who could have thought that you would give up this opportunity for a man? I should thank you for giving in!" 
She finished these words with a smile, squinted, and then looked at Amy. "She's so adorable..." 
Leaving these words behind, she turned and left. 
Keira watched her from behind, her eyes flashing with a fierce determination. 
Why was Vera so adamant about having Amy? 
Was there something special about Amy? 
She couldn't understand what use a three-year-old child could be! 
Or was it possible that Amy's father wasn't Howard? 
Keira was lost in wild thoughts when she saw Vera, who had walked away, suddenly wave to a security guard. The guard approached, and whatever Vera whispered, he looked over and then walked toward Keira. 
The security guard came directly to Keira. "Miss Olsen, I'm sorry, but Miss Vera said that you're not welcome at tonight's engagement party. She asked you to leave." 
Keira frowned. 
The security guard then said in a low voice, "She also told me to pass on a message. She believes you wouldn't want the Olsen family and the Martin family to become enemies, so please don't make a scene. It's better for everyone if you just leave quietly with the child." 
Keira took a deep breath and pressed her lips tightly together. 
She was a guest, and Vera, as the leading lady of the night, certainly had the right to ask her to leave. Vera must have feared that "Keera" might cause some incident if she stayed, so she made this move. 
Keira scoffed. She looked around and then took out her phone to message Scott. "I'm at the party. Where are you?" 
Scott soon replied quickly. "Coming downstairs in a moment." 
As the message was sent, Keira saw Scott slowly descend the stairs from the second floor. 
Keira stood up and said to the security guard, "I'll go and offer my congratulations to the host before I leave." 
The security guard didn't . 
Holding Amy, Keira approached Scott. Not wanting to trouble him with Vera's matters, she simply said, "Show me the photo of your grandfather's first love."
###Chapter 566
566 Chapter 565 
Scott nodded immediately upon hearing this. "Okay." 
He reached into his pocket, intending to take out the photo, but before he could do that, a voice rang out. "What are you doing?" 
Scott and Keira turned around and saw Vera walking toward them. 
She looked guarded, staring at Keira and Scott. 
Scott then said, "Miss Olsen and I need to discuss something." 
Vera sneered. "What do you want to say? Why can't your fiancée hear it?" 
Scott frowned. 
Keira also pursed her lips tight. 
She felt rather awkward. Vera and Scott were engaged, yet what she was about to do would break their engagement. 
It made her feel as though she had become the big villain. 
But then she thought about the tasks that the South family had assigned her and the things Vera had done... Any guilt Keira had immediately vanished. 
Mercy to an enemy was cruelty to oneself. 
She always remembered this saying. 
She addressed the matter. "Miss South, this is our private matter." 
"Private matter?" Vera walked directly over to Scott's side and took his arm. "He's my fiancé now. There are no private matters between you two. Miss Olsen, you are engaged too, please have some self-respect!" 
Keira frowned. "But hasn't your engagement ceremony not yet taken place?" 
Vera sneered. "But today, I'm the hostess. I had security ask you to leave just now. It seems you're not willing to obey, are you? If you have no shame, then don't blame me for being ruthless in my actions!" 
Keira's expression darkened. "What are you going to do?" 
Vera said, "Of course, to make you leave! I know Miss Olsen can defend yourself, but if you start a conflict with the Martin family's security, I will take advantage. I'm sure you wouldn't want that, right?" 
Her attitude was aggressive, and the words she said made Scott's face turn dark. "Vera, that's enough. Our guests are to be treated with hospitality. How can you behave like this?" 
Vera wasn't angry; she just looked calmly at him. "How can I behave like this? She and I are rivals since I chose to form an alliance with you through our engagement, and she didn't have a choice today as I've won the battle!" 
She stepped forward. "Scott, after today, you'll be my fiancé, and no matter what standpoint you are from, you should stand with me. I hope you won't disappoint me!" 
Having heard this, Scott frowned. "Vera, that's enough! No matter what Grandpa promised the South family, today is our engagement party. Miss Olsen is my guest, and you can't just send her away!" 
Vera scoffed. "Are you sure I can't?" 
Scott stood his ground. "I'm sure!" 
Vera immediately raised her voice. "Scott, what do you mean? You're engaged to me, yet you still want to fool around with her?" 
The other guests immediately looked over. 
Scott was taken aback. "Why are you yelling?" 
Vera then started speaking in a grievance-filled tone. "Keera, you already have a fiancé, and you know Scott has feelings for you. Can't you keep your distance from him?" 
She said this with extreme grievance, making those unaware of the situation suspect Keira interfered in their relationship. 
Indeed, people around started whispering and pointing fingers at Keira. 
A few brothers from the Olsen family walked over. Among them was Peter with Susan. 
Upon hearing these words, Susan immediately stepped forward. "Keera, today is a great day for Mr. Martin and Miss South, so please don't cause trouble here. Let me walk you out!" 
Keira turned her gaze to Susan, her eyes piercing. 
Susan was the lackey of Fox. Was she openly taking Vera's side now? 
Keira let out a cold laugh, "I don't need you to worry about my affairs. Peter, you better control her, lest she, like last time, says something inappropriate!" 
Peter showed a moment of embarrassment, and he immediately looked at Susan. "Susan, come here. There must be a reason for our Keera acting like this." 
Susan then lowered her head in aggrievement. "Peter, I just feel that Keera has indeed gone too far. I also don't want the Olsen family's reputation to be tarnished... After all, Mr. Martin and Miss South will be engaged soon. If Keera doesn't want Mr. Martin to get engaged, it's too late to say anything now, right?" 
Peter immediately frowned. "Shut your mouth!" 
However, Susan bit her lip. "Peter, there are some things I've wanted to say for a long time. The Olsen family spoils Keera too much; everything at home is given to her. Now that she's behaving improperly outside, not knowing how to keep a distance from someone else's fiancé, she's certainly at fault. 
"Mary is her best friend, and Uncle Olsen hasn't married. There's no hostess to teach her manners... As her sister-in-law, I have to be more concerned and educate her more, so that Keera doesn't take the wrong path. Moreover, Mr. Horton and Vera are both here. What's Keera doing?" 
She looked toward Lewis. "Mr. Horton, your fiancée is flirting with another man right in front of you. Aren't you going to do something about it?" 
Lewis's face turned livid, and he let out a cold laugh. "Miss Simpson, let me tell you something. You only see what you want to see. We're in a public setting, and I've only seen Keera and Mr. Martin exchange a few words." 
Susan was taken aback. 
Lewis was implying she was making things up, which was why she suggested that "Keera" was seducing Scott! 
She retorted with a cold laugh."Mr. Horton, you're so magnanimous, but Miss Vera doesn't share your generosity. Since Miss Vera minds it so much, Keera might as well leave. Don't make a scene here. Everyone is watching, and if this gets out, the Olsen family needs to look after its reputation." 
Keira scoffed. "You keep mentioning the Olsen family. Who are you to the Olsen family?" 
Susan snapped. "I am your sister-in-law!" 
"Really? When did Peter get married? Why don't I know about it?" 
Keira asked indifferently. 
Susan choked up. "We are engaged and will be getting married in half a month!" 
"Oh, so it's just an engagement, and you're so eager to meddle in my business already. Miss Simpson, the Simpson family teaches their children so well. Have they not taught you to keep your opinions to yourself?" 
Keira's indifferent retort left Susan with a livid face. 
Susan said bluntly, "Keera, I'm saying all this for your own good. Since you're this ungrateful, then I won't say more! However, Miss South definitely won't let you off easily!" 
After leaving these words behind, she stepped back and turned to look at Vera. 
The crowd also turned their gaze to Vera, only to see her eyes filled with tears as she addressed the security by the door. "What are you all standing around for? Get this woman out of here!" 
With these words, the faces of the Olsen family members all went pale!
###Chapter 567
567 Chapter 566
Ellis took a step forward and shielded Keira while staring at Vera. "Is this how the Martin family treats its guests? You sent us the invitation, and now that we've arrived, you're driving us away? Are you disregarding the Olsen family openly?"
As soon as Ellis said this, the other brothers immediately took a step forward, defending Keira.
James crossed his arms and said bluntly, "If you want to kick my little sister out, you'll have to get past me first!"
Vera's face turned cold. "Today is my engagement party with Scott, but the Olsen family is causing trouble. Have you decided you want to make things difficult with the Martin family?"
Scott interjected urgently, "Vera, that's enough! Why make such a big fuss over a small matter? They're all our guests, and I haven't said anything to Miss Olsen. That's enough!"
Vera sneered, staring at him. "Scott, it seems your grandfather still hasn't made things clear to you. Maybe you don't yet understand what responsibilities you'll have once you marry me?"
She snickered, then turned to someone by her side. "Go get Grandpa!"
Immediately, a servant hurried off.
Scott frowned. "It's a trivial matter; there's no need to involve the elders, is there?" LaTest novls on (n)velbi/(.)co
Vera sneered. "If you won't stand up for your fiancée, then I'll just have to ask Grandpa to make decisions for me!"
After saying this, she turned to Keira. "You all should just leave peacefully. Otherwise, once Grandpa comes out and we all fall out with each other, it won't look good!"
Ellis frowned.
Although the Olsen family was powerful in Clance, the Martin family was a formidable clan abroad, and it was indeed not good to offend them so blatantly.
During the commotion with the Gill family, the Olsen family had the upper hand. Even so, there were rumors in Clance lately about the Olsens being overly domineering.
This time, they were without a just cause...
As he pondered, Susan said. "Ellis, things have already gotten to this point. Why stay and get humiliated? Let's just leave!"
Ellis frowned as he looked at Keira.
Keira clenched her jaw and held her fists tight.
If Vera and Scott got engaged just like that, she feared she would indeed be unable to complete the third task, and then she wouldn't be able to save her mother...
Taking a deep breath, Keira said, "I just want to speak a few words with Scott. Won't Miss South allow that even when we're in front of everyone? Isn't that a bit too overbearing? Are you saying that Scott isn't allowed to speak to women in the future?"
Vera's eyes narrowed.
Rebecca then said, "Exactly, we're all watching. What could possibly happen between Miss Olsen and Mr. Martin? Miss South, do you have so little confidence in yourself?"
Erin also chimed in. "Yeah, can Keera steal my brother away with just a few words? Vera, don't be too overbearing in your actions! Besides, my brother is a person, not your accessory. Are you planning to keep my brother at home after getting married, not allowing him to see anyone? You can't control my brother's life!"
Vera scoffed. "The two of you are colluding with Keira. Don't think I'll fall for your provocation. Scott, I order you to keep your distance from Keira. Did you hear me?"
Scott said, "Vera, enough is enough! I'm entering this marriage with you as an equal partner; I'm not your subordinate! You don't have the right to order me around!"
Vera scoffed. "Then why don't you ask Grandpa, after we're married, who will call the shots at home?!"
Scott's face turned rigid.
Vera looked at the Olsens again. "All members of the Olsen family must get out! The Olsen family isn't welcome during my engagement party. Moreover, from now on, the Martin family will no longer welcome the Olsen family!"
Her voice was strong and authoritative, causing everyone around to frown at her domineering attitude.
Scott's face turned livid with her overbearing manner.
Erin immediately moved closer to Keira, holding her arm, and said, "Miss Olsen, what do you have to say to my brother? I'll pass the message for you! So, nobody needs to worry, thinking every conversation might lead to something scandalous. Where has the basic trust between people gone?"
Erin stuck her tongue out at Keira.
Seeing this, Keira turned her gaze to Scott once more. "Let me see the photo to see if there's anything I can do."
She was still holding out hope to find the last possible solution.
Erin craned her neck and said, "Brother, what photo? Hand it over to me, and I'll show it to Keera."
Scott nodded, opened his wallet, pulled out the photo inside, and handed it to Erin.
Vera took a step forward, but Erin stuck out her tongue again. "Vera, I won't say anything if you want to control my brother, but I am an independent individual, and one day I'll be married off. You can't control me!"
###Chapter 568
568 Chapter 567 
Keira immediately reached out her hand. 
That photograph didn't look very large. It must be a very old item, and it was a black-and-white one. 
But before her hand could touch the photo, a hand suddenly reached over and snatched the photo away. 
Keira turned her head sharply and saw Vera holding the photo in her hand. She glanced at it and sneered. "She's not allowed to see it!" 
Scott's face darkened even more. "Vera, don't go too far!!" 
Erin also got angry and rested her hands on her hips. "Vera, this is the photo my brother gave me. I'm going to show it to Keera. What does it have to do with you? Give the photo back to me!!" 
Vera glanced at the photo and then looked at Keira. "I said no, and that means no!" 
"You...!" 
Just as Scott was about to rush over to snatch it from Vera's hands, old Mr. Martin strode over. "What's going on?!" 
His appearance immediately quieted everyone. 
Vera immediately said, "Sir, your precious grandson here wants to break our engagement and is getting all cozy with Keira here. Are you just going to let it happen?" 
Old Mr. Martin frowned upon hearing this, turning to look at Scott and Keira. 
Scott immediately explained, "Grandpa, there's nothing going on between Miss Olsen and me. We were just talking, and Vera didn't even allow it. She's being way too domineering!" 
He expected his grandfather would support him, but he was taken aback when old Mr. Martin merely frowned and grumbled, "You're about to be engaged. How can you still be involved with her? That's not proper at all!" 
Scott's face stiffened. 
Vera laughed. "Sir, since Scott and I are getting engaged, shouldn't you also take a stance regarding the Olsen family?" 
Old Mr. Martin's brows knitted together. 
Ellis immediately stepped forward. "Sir, that's not necessary, is it? Our two families have no feud. Why raise the issue of the younger generation to the level of a family conflict?" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed softly after hearing this. 
Vera sneered. "Grandpa, are you unable to make a choice? Or do you want to have a foot in each camp? If that's the case, then I might have to report this back to my family..." 
At her words, old Mr. Martin's face slightly changed. 
After a long moment, he sighed heavily and addressed the members of the Olsen family. "The Martin family won't welcome you from now on. The engagement ceremony hasn't started yet, so you should leave!" 
All those present were stunned. 
Erin was particularly puzzled as she exclaimed, "Grandfather, have you gone mad? For the sake of one woman, you want to make an enemy of the entire Olsen family? I'm going to marry Charles!" 
Old Mr. Martin simply gave her a look. "The Martin and Olsen families will never be united in marriage, so get that out of your head!" 
Erin panicked. "Grandfather! That's too much! You might control my brother, but you can't control me! I'm telling you, I'm going to marry Charles. I won't marry anyone else but him!" 
Old Mr. Martin's eyes widened as he rebuked, "Then leave the Martin family and never be a part of it again!" 
Erin apparently didn't expect her grandfather to utter these words, and she looked at him with heartbroken despair. "Grandfather?" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "You have no part to play in the event today. Go upstairs and stop making a scene here. Keep your distance from that Olsen boy from now on!" 
Erin's eyes turned red. "I won't!" 
Pointing at Vera, she shouted angrily, "What drug did this woman give you to make you so partial to her? Grandfather, I think you've gone senile!" 
"Slap!" 
Suddenly, a hand flashed before her, and Vera smacked Erin's face, then shouted sternly, "How dare you speak like that? I'm teaching you a lesson on behalf of Grandpa!" 
Erin was stunned by the slap, and when she regained her senses, she lunged forward. "You dare hit me?" 
It looked as if she was about to hit back, but in the next moment, old Mr. Martin grabbed her wrist. "Enough! I said the Martin family would choose between Keira and Vera. It was Keira who gave up your brother! How long will you keep creating trouble here?!" 
Erin looked at old Mr. Martin in disbelief, covering her face. "She hit me! Grandpa, she hit me, and you're not going to do anything about it? You have never laid a hand on me in all my life!" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "Can't you tell whose fault it is? After Vera and your brother get engaged, she'll be your sister-in-law, and the Martin family will be handed over to her to manage!" 
Erin clenched her fists. 
Charles rushed to her side. "Erin!" 
Old Mr. Martin bellowed. "Break up with that brat immediately!" 
Erin's eyes were red, and tears streamed down her face as she whimpered, "I won't!" 
"If you don't break up, then never come back to the Martin family!" 
Old Mr. Martin roared. 
Instantly, Erin shouted. "I won't come back then! Do you think I want to come back to such a home?" 
After she said that, she threw herself into Charles's arms, crying pitifully. 
Old Mr. Martin looked at her, let out a deep sigh, and no longer paid her any attention but turned to Keira. "Miss Olsen, I've made myself clear. I ask you to take your brothers and leave immediately. From now on, you won't come through the doors of the Martin family again." 
After old Mr. Martin said this, he waved his hand, and the security guards outside immediately rushed in, surrounding the Olsen family members. 
Vera sneered. "Keera, you better hurry up and take these people away! I know the Olsen family can fight, but even if you win, what's the point? Today's engagement party will go on no matter what!" 
She was arrogant and haughty. 
Keira looked at her and knew that she was going to lose. 
She lowered her gaze, slowly saying, "Fine, we'll leave." 
As soon as she said that, everyone lowered their guard. 
The Olsen family members immediately turned to leave. 
Keira walked up to Erin, patting her shoulder as if to comfort her. 
Vera sneered. "Keera, what do you have to compete with me?" 
She turned and took Scott's arm as if declaring her territory. 
But the next moment, everything blurred. 
Keira appeared before her, reaching out and grabbing the photo in Vera's hand! 
Keira knew that what she was doing was a bit too much. 
But her intuition told her that this photo was extremely important. 
She felt like as long as she had this photo, she might find a clue to solve the puzzle! She could get out of the current predicament! 
Her movements were lightning-fast, and she soon had the photo in her grasp.
###Chapter 569
569 Chapter 568 
Keira seized the photograph and tried to yank it back. 
But to her surprise, Vera held it down, refusing to let go. 
Keira frowned. "Scott said he would show it to me." 
Vera glared at her fiercely. "I won't allow him to show it to you, and you can't see it!" 
Keira frowned. "Vera, don't go too far!" 
Vera sneered. "Do you think I don't know what you're up to? You just want to find old Mr. Martin's illegitimate daughter to negotiate with him, right? But I'm telling you, it won't work. Even if you found her, old Mr. Martin wouldn't care about it!" 
Keira sneered back. "If that's the case, then why won't you give me the photograph?" 
Vera clenched her jaw, looked at the photograph, and then scoffed. "You want me to give you the photograph? Would old Mr. Martin agree? That's his privacy!" 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately turned to old Mr. Martin. 
Scott then said, "Grandpa, Miss Olsen and Mr. Horton have been in Clance for so many years. It's quite possible they know your daughter! Are you sure you don't want their help?" 
Old Mr. Martin frowned. "That won't be necessary." 
Keira said, "Mr. Martin, what if I do this for you as a favor? I won't stop you from arranging an engagement between Vera and Scott!" 
Old Mr. Martin hesitated. 
Scott said, "Grandpa! Think about it carefully!" 
Old Mr. Martin said, "Then let her have a look. But let's be clear: even if she provides a clue and finds my daughter, I won't help her. Once you and Vera are engaged, there's nothing left to discuss!" 
Keira nodded. "Okay." 
She was never the type to expect something in return for helping someone anyway. 
Yet intuition told her this photograph could be key to breaking the stalemate. 
Scott turned to Vera. "Grandpa has agreed, now let go!" 
Vera's eyes suddenly turned cold, and she sneered. "Fine then!" 
Everyone thought that after saying this, she would surely let go, but to everyone's surprise, she abruptly tore the photograph apart!! 
All those present were shocked. 
Even old Mr. Martin looked at her incredulously and stepped forward. "Vera, you..." 
Vera raised an eyebrow. "Oops, my apologies! This photograph is just too old. I barely touched it, and who would have known it would shatter?" 
After saying that, Vera flicked her hand and sneered coldly. 
Old Mr. Martin's face turned an iron shade of fury. 
Scott then rebuked, "You did that on purpose!" 
Vera looked at him and said coldly, "So what if I did it on purpose? I'm your fiancée, yet you're letting someone from the Olsen family handle your affairs. I can't stand it! Let me tell you, once a choice is made, it should be executed decisively!" 
On hearing these words, old Mr. Martin paused, merely frowning. 
Scott said, "Grandpa, can you tolerate this? That was your only piece of evidence!" 
Old Mr. Martin tightened his jaw, his fists clenched, and then relaxed. After a long moment, he could only say, "Let it be." 
After that, he turned away, and there were reluctant tears in his eyes. 
Keira didn't understand the situation at all. 
The status and power of the Martin family abroad were no less significant than the Olsen family's influence at home. Moreover, the Martin family was a noble house and royalty. Why would they tolerate Vera to such an extent?! 
She looked at Vera again. 
Vera was tearing up the damaged photo into even smaller pieces before tossing them onto the ground. 
Old Mr. Martin was trembling, his gaze fixed on the fragments of the photograph. He hesitated for a long while, but in the end, he said nothing. 
Vera dusted off her hands, getting rid of the last bits of debris, then said, "Scott, do you hate me so much? The person you should hate is Keera! After all, if she weren't here, I wouldn't have destroyed the photo to ruin your relationship!" 
After making this statement, she cast a provocative glance at Keira. 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
But then, Vera suddenly laughed. "However, if you want Miss Olsen to stay and watch our engagement party, it's not impossible. Since you insist so much, then let her stay!" 
After that, she hooked her arm through Scott's. "All right, we need to go backstage to get changed now!" 
Scott took a deep breath and looked once more at old Mr. Martin, who nodded. Having no choice, Scott could only leave with Vera. 
Before leaving, he glanced at Keira, his eyes full of helplessness. 
After the two disappeared from the scene, Erin turned to old Mr. Martin. "Grandpa, I don't understand. She has humiliated you. How can you take it?" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "You don't need to understand these things." 
Leaving that remark behind, he gave Keira a meaningful look once more before walking away to the side. 
But Keira noticed that the old man's back was more stooped. Although he didn't turn to look at the torn photo on the floor, his entire demeanor exuded a sense of defeat, as if the act of tearing the photo had cost him half his life. 
Keira clenched her jaw and suddenly turned to look at Lewis. 
Lewis took the hint. While no one was paying them much attention, they squatted down and gently picked up the pieces Vera had torn up. 
Lewis said, "Something's not right." 
Keira said, "I originally had an intuition that this photo was the key to solving the puzzle. I didn't expect Vera's reaction to be so intense! It seems like she has been preventing me from seeing this photo from the very beginning, which has only confirmed my suspicion. There's something fishy about this photo!" 
Lewis nodded. "I agree." 
After the two of them had picked up every piece on the ground, Lewis extended his hand to her. "Give them to me. I'll find a place to piece them back together!" 
Keira was taken aback. "Can you restore the photo? It's been torn into so many pieces." 
"I can. Give me half an hour. Try to stall them!" 
Hearing that, Keira took a deep breath and nodded. 
Lewis pocketed all the fragments and quickly left the room, heading straight to the parking lot, where he found his car. He turned on all the lights in the back seat, flipped open a table, and placed the photo fragments on it. Then he pulled out a toolkit from under the seat! 
Inside the case was an entire set of tools. Lewis selected a pair of tweezers and began to restore the photo. 
He worked swiftly, and in less than ten minutes, he had restored half of the photo.
###Chapter 570
Chapter 570 Hold on! 
On the other side, at the banquet. 
Charles was consoling Erin. 
Erin sobbed. "I don't understand. Has Grandpa just given up on me? Where do I go from here?" 
Charles said, "Come to my place! Aren't you supposed to marry me? Just move into my house!" 
But Erin shook her head. "That doesn't seem right." 
Rebecca immediately nodded, "Right, it doesn't seem right. I have a house in Clance. Why don't you stay at my place?" 
If Erin stayed with the Olsen family, she would be able to see Keira every day, and Rebecca couldn't let that happen. 
Erin hesitated, then looked at Charles again. 
Charles immediately said, "Why doesn't it seem right? That settles it, then. You'll stay at my place! My parents will definitely welcome you with open arms! Do you have any luggage? I'll help you pack." 
Erin lowered her head. "I don't want anything from this house! Since I agreed not to take anything from the Martin family, I'll keep my word! I'm an adult. I can find a job on my own!" 
Charles nodded. "Right, and you have me too! You can depend on me!" 
Erin looked ahead again and said, "Why have our families become like this?" 
Then, with gritted teeth, she said, "It's all Vera's fault! If only I could ruin today's engagement banquet!" 
She looked at Charles and said, "What if I knock my brother unconscious and take him away? Without my brother, the engagement banquet can't possibly go on, right?" 
Charles's eyes lit up, and he was about to speak when an elderly voice rang out. "Without Scott, there are still your other brothers. The Martin family has plenty of sons!" 
Erin turned her head and saw old Mr. Martin standing behind her. 
Erin snorted. "My other brothers aren't as obedient as Scott!" 
Old Mr. Martin lowered his gaze. "Whoever marries a daughter from the South family will inherit the family business. Do you think they'll say no to that?" 
Erin was stunned. "Is that even a thing?!" 
Old Mr. Martin nodded. "Indeed. So, you won't be able to cause any trouble today!" 
Erin said, "If I can't steal away Scott, can I at least mess with Vera?" 
Old Mr. Martin scoffed. "Do you think Vera is someone you can mess with?" 
Erin was taken aback. "What do you mean?" 
James said, "That Vera has impressive physical skills. Even without her bodyguards, she alone would probably take ten people to subdue her!" 
Erin was dumbfounded. "What?" 
James said indifferently, "Just now, when my little sister tried to snatch the photo, her movements were quick and strong, and that was without Vera even knowing it. Why do you think it wasn't successful?" 
An ordinary person couldn't have stopped the Freeman Sect's senior sister! 
Erin's eyes widened. "She, she, she knows martial arts?" 
James looked at her face. "You should be grateful that she still wants to cooperate with the Martin family. She didn't put much strength into the slap she gave you just now." 
Erin was speechless. 
She was completely silent. 
Holding Amy, Keira was also in deep thought. She occasionally looked down at her phone, watching time pass by. 
Another twenty minutes had gone by. 
She wondered if Lewis had finished restoring the photo... 
While she was contemplating, there was a stir from the rest area. Two doors opened simultaneously. Scott and Vera came out wearing formal attires. 
All eyes in the room fell on them. 
Vera walked to Scott's side and hooked her arm into his, then glanced at Keira with a showy smile before moving forward. 
Scott followed her like a marionette, his face expressionless. 
Anyone could see Scott's reluctance. 
Yet no one said anything, much less stood up for him… 
Together, they slowly made their way to the stage… 
Old Mr. Martin stood by Keira's side and said, "Keera, are you sure you don't want to fight for it?" 
Keira clenched her jaw and remained silent. 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "Actually, between the two of you, I prefer you. After all, you're reasonable, but Vera isn't at all… If you stand up now, I'll definitely take Scott and stand by your side." 
Keira looked at him. "Sir, I have a husband." 
Old Mr. Martin replied. "Isn't he just your fiancé? The engagement can be canceled, and even if you're married, you can divorce. It's not a big deal. Keera, isn't Scott your good friend? Actually, all I need is for you two to have a child. Do you understand I need a child with the South family's bloodline?" 
Keira shook her head. "I don't understand what you're thinking, but I don't agree with this kind of alliance through marriage. Women aren't tools for bearing children!" 
"I have never dared to treat you as tools for bearing children…" 
Old Mr. Martin said helplessly, "Never mind, I won't force it. Perhaps this is the Martin family's fate." 
Keira asked, "Why must you insist on an alliance with the South family? What kind of family are they?" 
"I can't say." 
Old Mr. Martin said, "It's the rule." 
Keira frowned. "What is it about the South family that makes the Martin family so devoted?" 
The answer from Old Mr. Martin was still the same. "I can't say." 
Keira was at a loss for words. 
They could only stand there, watching as Vera led Scott to the stage. Keira's jaw tightened, and her fingers clenched tightly. 
Keira glanced at her phone once more. 
It had been half an hour since Lewis left. Had the photos been pieced together? 
She couldn't help but look back toward the entrance. 
At this time, Vera, with Scott in tow, arrived at the stage. Vera took the microphone straightaway and said, "Today is the auspicious day of my engagement to Scott, and I thank everyone present for coming. Without further ado, our engagement ceremony will be complete as we exchange rings! From this day forward, I shall be Mrs. Martin!" 
After saying this, she placed the microphone to the side and took a box from the master of ceremonies. She opened it to reveal two rings inside. 
Vera picked up one of them, smiling coyly at Scott. 
Scott didn't move. He looked toward Keira as if seeking rescue. 
But then he saw that Keira's gaze was fixed on the door, and he let out a wry smile before slowly stretching his hand toward Vera. 
Keira was frantic! 
She checked the time again and looked toward the stage; if Lewis didn't arrive soon, it would be too late! 
Once they exchanged rings, the deal would be settled. 
Scott's hand was grabbed by Vera, and just as Vera was about to slip the ring on, a voice suddenly rang out. "Wait!" 
Everyone turned their heads and saw Lewis striding in through the entrance!
###Chapter 571
571 Chapter 570 
Upon seeing Lewis, Keira had a spark of joy in her eyes. 
She immediately walked over with Amy in her arms and asked quietly, "Is the photo restored?" 
Lewis didn't answer her question but looked out into the hall instead. 
Vera was frowning. When she saw Lewis striding over, she grabbed Scott's hand, wanting to slip the ring onto his finger. 
But Scott immediately withdrew his hand. He stared at Vera and said, "Let's hear what he has to say first. There may be some unexpected developments!" 
Vera retorted angrily, "What kind of unexpected developments could there be?" 
Scott retorted, "Exactly. What unexpected developments could there be? So, what's wrong with delaying the engagement a bit?" 
Vera was taken aback. 
She immediately looked at old Mr. Martin, "Mr. Martin, do you think the same? Are you just letting the Olsen family come and go as they please?" 
Upon hearing this, old Mr. Martin frowned. He looked at Keira and slowly said, "Miss Olsen, if you were to marry my grandson, I would still have a chance to change my mind. If not, I'd kindly ask you all to leave and stop causing trouble here!" 
Keira was silent for a moment. 
But Lewis said indifferently, "The Olsen family can leave, but are you sure you want the Horton family to leave as well?" 
Old Mr. Martin was slightly stunned. 
The major households of Clance were growing increasingly powerful, and some, such as the Horton family, had begun to expand their influence overseas. 
...Better not to offend them if possible. 
Old Mr. Martin had to sever ties with the Olsen family out of necessity and was forced to choose under the pressure of two powerful factions. 
But the Horton family... They were the fifth greatest household of Clance, and to offend them would be a loss beyond recovery! 
Old Mr. Martin then turned to look at Vera. "Miss South, the Horton family must also be a force you want to secure, right? Are you sure you want to drive Mr. Horton away as well?" 
Vera immediately responded with a cold glare. "Mr. Martin, I'm sure of it! Get rid of them now!" 
Old Mr. Martin clenched his jaw tightly. "You are, but I'm not. I'd still like to hear what Mr. Horton wants to say." 
Vera just bellowed, "You...! Stubborn old man!" 
But old Mr. Martin merely shook his head slightly and sighed. 
Scott then looked toward Lewis, his eyes shining. "Are you here to save me?" 
That look was simply unbearable to witness! 
Lewis's lips twitched, and he approached old Mr. Martin. "If I'm not mistaken, you ally with the South family in hopes of having a child with their bloodline, correct?" 
There was no point in hiding this fact. 
At first, Keira and Scott even considered a fake engagement until they learned that old Mr. Martin insisted on having a child to truly bind the two families together. Only then did Keira decide to give up. 
Hearing Lewis's words, old Mr. Martin nodded, "Indeed, that's the case. Whether they get married or not doesn't matter; it's mainly about the child. Has Mr. Horton come to an understanding? Are you willing to let Miss Olsen have a child with Scott?" 
Lewis was perplexed. 
Scott's eyes lit up instantly. "Is that possible? If it is, I actually don't need to do anything with Miss Olsen. We could opt for artificial insemination, just with my sperm... I promise I won't disturb your lives afterward, Mr. Horton. If you could come around, it would really be great!" 
Lewis was speechless. 
He twitched the corner of his mouth, wanting to give this guy a few slaps! 
How dare he think about such things? 
Even Lewis himself hadn't had a chance to have a baby with Keira, so how could he possibly agree to let Scott have children with her?! 
He furrowed his brow and said coldly, "Mr. Martin, please be serious!" 
Old Mr. Martin looked at Scott with pity. "It seems you guys are really stubborn. Actually, having a child isn't such a big deal. Why are you so dead set against it?" 
Vera scoffed. "That's the blindness and narrow-mindedness of love! Keera is lost in love. Of course, she can't see the future. Mr. Martin, with a person like that, what's there to hesitate about?!" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed softly. 
Scott then said, "Shut up! The one without love is the most terrifying! What distinguishes humans from animals is that humans have emotions!" 
Vera scoffed. "Emotions are just fetters! If she had no emotions, wouldn't she be marrying you right now?" 
Vera stood on the high platform, looking at Keira. "But Miss Olsen, you've repeatedly disrupted my engagement party; do you not take the Martin family seriously at all?!" 
Keira frowned and spread her hands. "I'm not the one speaking right now, so why are you getting angry at me? Could it be, Miss South, that you only bully the weak and fear the strong?" 
Vera was immediately choked up. 
She looked at Keira with fury. "Everyone knows Mr. Horton is on your side. He's stalling us to help you!" 
After saying that, she angrily confronted old Mr. Martin. " Mr. Martin, if you're not going to choose me, just say it. There's no need to humiliate me like this over and over! I'm asking you one last time: do you want them to stay and continue the engagement ceremony, or should I go?" 
Old Mr. Martin frowned, revealing a hint of hesitation. 
But after only a moment's hesitation, he finally sighed and still turned to Keira and Lewis. "Miss Olsen, Mr. Horton, if you can't provide a valid reason, I'll have to call security to escort you out!" 
Upon hearing this, Lewis tensed his jaw. "Of course, we have a reason. Mr. Martin, I've just restored your photograph and came to deliver it. I also want to inform you that I know where your daughter is!" 
At these words, Vera immediately scoffed. "Impossible! That photo was torn into such small pieces. How could it possibly be restored?! Mr. Horton, what kind of joke are you making here?" 
Lewis laughed. "You might not know, but Crera has a civilization that spans over five thousand years. In fact, there's a specific craftsman known as a 'restorer'. These people can even restore old paintings that have been corroded by time, let alone a photograph." 
Vera immediately retorted. "But you couldn't possibly have restored it!" 
"Why not?" Lewis looked at her. "Miss South, on what basis are you making such a definitive statement?" 
Vera sneered. "I say it's impossible because it is! First, there's not enough time. Second, the photo itself is already of an old era with poor paper quality. When I tore it up, I even deliberately damaged one piece, making it irreparable!" 
Lewis shook his head. "Miss South, I suggest you not look down on others." 
After saying that, Lewis pulled out a clipboard from his pocket. The clipboard was transparent, and inside was a photograph that had been torn up and then pieced back together. 
Lewis handed the photo to old Mr. Martin with a slight smile. "Take a look. Is this your daughter? If it is, then the wedding between Vera and Scott can be called off."
###Chapter 572
572 Chapter 571 
Lewis's statement shocked everyone, and they looked at him in disbelief. 
Old Mr. Martin also wanted to look at the photo, but because of the distance, he couldn't see it clearly yet… 
Scott asked hesitantly, "Why did you say that?" 
Lewis looked at Vera. "Because I helped old Mr. Martin not only find his daughter but also his granddaughter!" 
These words made Vera's pupils shrink, and she shouted angrily, "That's impossible! This photo could never be restored! You couldn't possibly have found them!" 
Lewis asked, "Why are you so sure of that?" 
Vera sneered, "Because when I was tearing up the photo just now, I tore up the face! I flushed the face down the drain, so you can't possibly have restored it successfully!" 
Upon hearing this, old Mr. Martin was enraged, "You... how could you do that?!" 
Vera sneered. "Because the Martin family isn't decisive enough! The girls from the South family aren't at your beck and call, and since you chose me, you have to stick with that choice!" 
Scott was enraged by her words. "What do you mean by sticking to that choice? Do you think we are at your beck and call?" 
"Isn't it so?" Vera held her chin high, her gaze sweeping over old Mr. Martin. " Mr. Martin, haven't you told your grandson the truth?" 
Scott immediately looked at old Mr. Martin. "Grandfather, didn't you say it was about cooperation? What's happening here?" 
Old Mr. Martin's jaw tightened. 
Vera scoffed, "The Martin family wants to enter the game, and they have to beg us. Otherwise, why do you think he would choose me?" 
After saying this, she looked at Lewis. "So, there's no way that photo could have been restored. If you don't believe me, you can take it out and let Mr. Martin see for himself!" 
Old Mr. Martin then looked at Lewis, and Keira also looked over, indeed seeing that the restored photo was missing the faces of two people. 
She frowned, staring at Lewis. 
Old Mr. Martin's face turned livid with anger. "Mr. Horton, what do you mean by this? Do you find it amusing to toy with us?!" 
Vera scoffed, "He's just trying to stall. What else could he do? Mr. Martin, can't you see their intentions yet? Why don't you drive them out?!" 
Old Mr. Martin took a deep breath and looked at Lewis. "Mr. Horton, Miss Olsen, you both… should leave now!" 
Vera smiled mockingly. "Just now, you were boasting, and now, you can't produce the photo! Keera, your fiancée, is nothing special after all! I advise you to just leave obediently, lest I have someone drive you out!" 
At that, Keira suddenly let out a cold laugh, "Vera, you always underestimate other people." 
She and Lewis exchanged glances as if understanding each other's thoughts, and then she lowered her gaze and slowly said, "Even though the photo isn't restored, I find the demeanor of those women very familiar…" 
Lewis nodded. "Yes, this photo is only missing the faces, but we can still see the dress and demeanor of the mother and daughter. Therefore, Mr. Martin, we can help you find your daughter!" 
Old Mr. Martin's eyes lit up slightly, "Really?" 
"Really." 
Lewis said calmly. 
Vera immediately scoffed. "Based on this faceless photo? Mr. Horton, stop bluffing!" 
After saying that, she glared fiercely at old Mr. Martin. "And Mr. Martin, I told you, it's best not to be a fence-sitter! My patience is limited! Even if they help you find your daughter, will Keera marry your grandson?!" 
Hearing this, old Mr. Martin once again seemed dejected. 
He gave a bitter smile. "That's true. Mr. Horton, I appreciate your kindness, but regarding finding my daughter, I don't want to owe you any favors, so I won't have to face you later..." 
The Martin family was clearly on Vera's side; there would be a battle to the death with Keera. 
So, old Mr. Martin wisely chose not to owe Lewis any favors in order to avoid complications later. 
Vera scoffed. "Did you hear that? It doesn't matter that the photo isn't restored; even if it was and you helped him find his daughter, you wouldn't be able to team up with the Martins!" 
Lewis laughed. "Who says we can't?" 
Vera's eyes immediately narrowed. "What do you mean?" 
Lewis said, "Actually, I wasn't certain of my speculations at first, but seeing you so agitated, I've become even more sure of my thinking." 
Vera frowned upon hearing this. "What do you mean? Don't talk nonsense here!" 
"Every time I wanted to see the photo, Miss Vera, you became so agitated. Does that mean you know who Mr. Martin's daughter is? You won't tell us why, but you've been preventing us from seeing the photo. Is it because..." 
Lewis looked at old Mr. Martin. "It's because your daughter is Keera's mother! Keera is your granddaughter! Once this matter is cleared up, the Martin family won't need to form a marriage alliance with the South family through Vera! Because... you've already allied with the South family and have made your choice!" 
Upon these words, the entire room fell silent! 
Old Mr. Martin looked incredulously at Keira!
###Chapter 573
573 Chapter 572
Vera immediately shouted, "Are you crazy? How can you say such things? Lewis, you're stooping to any level just to stop me from marrying into the Martin family!"
Lewis looked at her. "Miss South, the more you act this way, the more you look guilty. You should have known about Keera's origins, right? You knew all along that the daughter of old Mr. Martin was her mother, didn't you?"
Vera roared, "No, I don't know who her mother is!"
Lewis asked, "Then why did you destroy the photo to stop us from seeing it?"
Vera said coldly, "I did it so I wouldn't give you another excuse to pester the Martin family!"
Lewis narrowed his eyes. "Old Mr. Martin has already made it clear that even if we know the whereabouts of his daughter, he wouldn't make a choice based on that. Your reason doesn't hold up. Right, Mr. Martin?"
The gaze of several people immediately fell on old Mr. Martin.
Vera looked panicked. "Mr. Martin, don't be fooled by him! He's so cunning! He's been leading the conversation from the beginning! That's not what I meant at all!"
Old Mr. Martin stared at Keira for a long time, walked up to her, and sized her up.
She indeed looked very familiar.
It wasn't about her facial features. Her very temperament reminded him so much of his first love from years ago.
They were both so proud and haughty, with an air that was like the Creran bamboo, seemingly invincible against anything!
No wonder he felt a sense of familiarity the first time he saw this young woman. So, that was why!
Old Mr. Martin suddenly grabbed Keira's hand. "Are you my granddaughter?"
Keira's eyes flickered.
She glanced at Lewis.
In the look they had just exchanged, she had understood his intentions. Lewis was usually a man of few words, but he had deliberately said so much just now to drive a wedge between Vera and old Mr. Martin.
He wanted Vera to say more unpleasant things and become increasingly domineering, showing utter disrespect to old Mr. Martin.
Though old Mr. Martin seemed to have become very submissive to Vera, no one would follow orders without feeling some discomfort, even with a leader like Vera.
The Martin family was now planning to form a marriage alliance with the South family for reasons unknown to Keira.
However, if they hadn't been pushed into desperation, the Martin family wouldn't have made such a choice; otherwise, why hadn't they arranged a marriage in the previous generation or the one before that?
Thus, although old Mr. Martin seemed to give in, he was actually reluctant to this arrangement.
In such a situation, just giving old Mr. Martin a reasonable excuse could make him hesitate further.
Like now...
Lewis was making things up. Keira had seen that photo—how could one tell the mother and daughter's temperament from that photo when they were only standing there?
Taking a picture was all about posing, and one couldn't tell anything from that photo.
What Vera said was true. She had intentionally destroyed the faces to take away any opportunity Keira might have, but Lewis had managed to exploit this loophole.
He was indeed a master at manipulating public opinion.
Keira looked at old Mr. Martin, "I'm not sure, but your daughter indeed resembles my mother a bit."
Lewis immediately said, "Keera, do you have a photo of your mother?"
Keira almost rolled her eyes!
Even if she had one, she couldn't show it, could she?
Old Mr. Martin would immediately find out that she was lying!
Lewis wasn't trying to expose her but to make the ruse more believable...
Complying with his plan, Keira said, "I grew up in Clance, and I've only seen my mother once in secret. Unfortunately, I have no photo of her. As for her family..."
Keira sighed. "There should be photos in her house, right? Should I go look for them?"
Old Mr. Martin nodded immediately. "Good. Find them and show me!"
His eyes became teary as he held Keira's hand. "But even if you don't find them, it's okay. I know you're my granddaughter! You look so much like her!"
Hearing that, Keira felt even more certain that he was mistaken.
She resembled her father's mother, not her maternal grandmother...
That had already been proven back at the Olsen family.
She smiled awkwardly and glared at Lewis again.
His method of stalling wasn't all that clever... 
Vera was already beside herself with anger. "Mr. Martin, you've been deceived! She's not your granddaughter at all! If you don't believe it, why not just do a DNA test and find out?"
As soon as she said that, Scott said, "Right, we can't find the photo, but DNA will definitely give us an answer!"
Erin had been silent since her grandfather's hurtful remark, but she also leaned forward now. She couldn't help but exclaim, "Yeah, a DNA test will prove everything! It would also make Vera give up!"
Vera glared at Erin furiously. "You...!"
Erin stuck out her tongue and then sat back next to Charles.
Vera took a deep breath and then yelled, "Mr. Martin, it looks like you won't let us continue with the engagement until this DNA result comes out, so let's not wait any longer. Let's do it now!"
Hearing that, Old Mr. Martin nodded immediately. "Right, let's go and do the DNA test now!"
At that, Keira immediately frowned.
If they did the DNA test, wouldn't the truth come out?!
As she hesitated, Vera said, "What is it? Keera, are you afraid? Are you backing out?"
As soon as she said this, old Mr. Martin looked at Keira with suspicion.
Keira knew she couldn't let old Mr. Martin become doubtful, or else the engagement party would continue. No matter what, she had to stall.
She said confidently, "Afraid of what? I'm certain Mr. Martin's daughter is my mother. Why would I worry about a DNA test? Let's do it!"
Scott immediately ran to her side. "Let's go! In no more than two hours, we'll have the DNA test results!"
###Chapter 574
574 Chapter 573 
Keira was wavering, but she couldn't show weakness at this moment. 
With feigned confidence, she turned to old Mr. Martin, "Shall we go?" 
Her demeanor didn't betray any fear at all. 
Old Mr. Martin nodded. "We need to get to the bottom of this." 
No sooner had he spoken than Lewis chimed in. "My family owns a testing agency – how about we go there?" 
Upon hearing this, Keira raised an eyebrow at him. 
The statement was easily misunderstood, but she trusted Lewis, the scheming man, was certainly setting a trap. 
As expected, Vera became agitated. "Go to a testing agency under the Horton Group? Are you serious? You'll tamper with the test results!" 
This made old Mr. Martin frown as well. 
Scott then suggested, "What about the testing agency of the Gill family?" 
Vera immediately retorted, "That won't do either. Everyone knows their newly found daughter is as close as sisters with Keera – they would help her fake it too!" 
Scott was dumbfounded. "We can't go to the Gill family's hospital, and I know you'll definitely say we can't go to the Olsen's, so how about a public institution? That should be acceptable, right?" 
Vera scoffed. "I don't think that's trustworthy either! After all, the power of the five major families in Clance is too overwhelming. It would be easy for them to falsify records at a public institution!" 
Scott frowned. "Then what do you propose we do?" 
Vera looked toward old Mr. Martin. 
Old Mr. Martin sighed, "Tonight, I'll collect the samples myself and send them to the Martin family's testing agency. That should suffice, right?" 
Vera was taken aback. 
Before she could speak, Lewis interjected, "That's acceptable. Do you need us to arrange a private jet for you?" 
Vera was perplexed. 
She immediately became vigilant. "Offering to arrange a private jet is a farce. You're just trying to tamper with the sample on the plane, aren't you? Mr. Horton, you are devious!" 
Lewis frowned, "The Martin family has a special status and doesn't have a private jet in the country. If you don't use ours, then take a commercial flight. Shall we help you with the arrangements?" 
Vera immediately said, "You'll make the arrangements? I think you just want to meddle!" 
Scott got angry, "Nothing is working for you, so what do we do?!" 
Vera looked toward old Mr. Martin, narrowing her eyes. 
Old Mr. Martin sighed, "In that case, I'll have the testing personnel from the Martin family abroad bring the necessary equipment over. After all, this matter is of great importance, and we don't mind the hassle." 
Vera nodded immediately, "Right, to prevent them from causing any interference in the middle!" 
Old Mr. Martin turned to Keira, "That settles it. Their transport of the equipment will take an estimated two days, so let's set the test for two days from now at the Martin family's place." 
Keira nodded, "Alright." 
She then hesitatingly looked at Scott and Vera. "What about the two of you and the engagement banquet?" 
Vera huffed. 
Old Mr. Martin said, "Miss South, I have know your lineage. Let's clarify matters before we proceed." 
Vera's face darkened as she glared at Keira. "You Crerans are indeed cunning as foxes. I underestimated you! But do you think delaying for two days will make a difference? Let me tell you, it's useless! In two days when the results come out, I will still be engaged to Scott!" 
She stepped forward, staring at Keira, "And you... will have to pay a corresponding price for deceiving old Mr. Martin!" 
She left these words behind and angrily strode out! 
It wasn't until Vera left the banquet hall that she suddenly realized something and turned back abruptly. "I've been tricked again! DNA testing only takes two hours in Crera, and the Martins are making such a fuss that it will now take two days! They've just bought themselves two days for nothing!" 
Vera stomped her foot in frustration, but then a fierce look flashed in her eyes. "However, Keera, do you really think you can win?!" 
She sneered and then took out her phone, making a call. "You can move against the Olsen family now!" 
The person on the other end immediately said, "Yes!" 
Back in the banquet hall. 
Old Mr. Martin once again looked at Keira before leaving. 
Scott quickly approached Keira. " I never imagined we would be relatives! If you're my cousin, doesn't that make us even closer?" 
Erin also said, "Right, if you're my cousin, it would be great to have you replace Vera! This is just fantastic!" 
Keira looked at the two of them and twitched the corners of her mouth. 
After a moment, she rubbed her forehead. 
This lie seemed to be getting bigger and bigger. How was she going to smooth it over?! 
She looked at Lewis. 
Lewis gave her a reassuring look. 
Just then, Keira's phone rang. She answered, and the butler from the Olsen family shouted, "Miss, something happened to your father!!"
###Chapter 575
575 Chapter 574 
Keira's pupils suddenly constricted upon hearing this. "What happened?" 
"Mr. Olsen has been poisoned!" 
The butler's voice made Keira's heart leap into her throat. 
She looked urgently at Lewis, who asked, "What's wrong?" 
Keira took a deep breath. "Something's happened to my dad." 
At these words, all of the Olsen brothers gathered around, and Ellis spoke first. "Let's go home immediately!" 
They hurried back home. 
On the way, Keira frowned, pondering over something... 
Lewis tried to comfort her. "Uncle Olsen will be alright!" 
Keira tensed her jaw, "I know, but after all, he's getting on in years..." 
Keira had complex feelings toward Uncle Olsen. 
She had always craved Taylor Olsen's paternal love but never received a shred of it, which led Keira to despair. Eventually, she closed the door on her longing for a father's love. 
So, after acknowledging Uncle Olsen, she kept a respectful distance from him, as if they were father and daughter but more like the closest strangers. 
She even seldom called Uncle Olsen "Dad". 
However, when she heard he was in trouble, a wave of panic surged within her. 
Was the word "father" always this important to her? 
Keira tensed her jaw. 
She looked out of the window. 
The group made their way home in a hurried procession. 
Upon entering, they saw the Olsen family doctor already waiting in the living room. 
Ellis immediately approached him, asking, "What happened? Why are you sitting here, not attending to him?" 
The family doctor appeared dejected and said bluntly, "It's not that I don't want to treat him, but that I can't..." 
"What do you mean you can't!" 
Ellis grabbed hold of the doctor's collar. 
Keira, who was about to head toward Uncle Olsen's bedroom, paused and turned to look at the family doctor as well. 
She asked, "Is it because you don't know what poison it is? We can do a blood test!" 
The doctor said despondently, "It's not that. The poison Mr. Olsen has been given is called Seven Days, meaning he can only survive seven days." 
Ellis said angrily, "Since you know what poison it is, why are you still standing around? Hurry up and save him!" 
The doctor replied, "Mr. Ellis, besides that implication, the name also has another meaning." 
"What meaning?" 
The doctor sighed. "This poison is concocted from seven of the deadliest poisons in the world, each with a different proportion, resulting in varying concoctions. The only way to create an antidote is to have similar proportions of the seven poisons, creating a delicate balance." 
Ellis was stunned. 
James said, "Speak English! I don't understand! What's this Seven Days you talk about? If you know the poison, then help my uncle!" 
Keira muttered, "What the doctor means is that he knows what the seven poisons in Seven Days are, and we probably have them at home, but now, we have no knowledge of the exact proportions of the poison that my dad took. We can't even identify them from his blood..." 
The doctor nodded. "I'm surprised Miss Olsen has heard of this poison. There's another side effect: after one ingests the first dose if the second dose doesn't provide the precise proportion that balances the seven poisons, then even the slightest discrepancy in the dosage of the second dose will bring immediate death!" 
Keira clenched her jaw tightly. 
In other words, they didn't even have a chance to try and err. 
If the dosage of the antidote were even slightly incorrect, her father would die! 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Ellis immediately asked, "So, we must find the exact formula of the poison? Or rather, we need to find the poisoner and get the formula of the poison to ensure Uncle Olsen's safety?" 
The family doctor nodded. "That's right." 
Ellis looked at Keira and slowly released the doctor. 
That was beyond the scope of a doctor's duties; from now on, it was their battlefield. 
Whoever came up with using Seven Days must be an expert in medical science… an expert in medical science… Keira suddenly remembered that Ellis had once been diagnosed with azoospermia, and everyone in the medical field had helped conceal it, not daring to tell him the truth. 
In the world of traditional Creran medicine, medicine, and poison were intrinsically linked! 
Therefore, the poisoner was the same person who caused trouble at the hospital back then, that was… Fox!! 
Vera seemed so frantic at the engagement banquet in the Martin family, and Keira didn't expect she would deliver a heavy blow! 
The purpose of using Seven Days was to control them and make them obediently comply! 
Keira took a deep breath and turned to Ellis. "I'm going to check on Dad first." 
She turned and went upstairs. 
Upon entering the room, she saw Jenkins and the butler. The butler's tears streamed down his face as he looked at Uncle Olsen, who lay there with his eyes closed. 
Keira immediately went in. After examining Uncle Olsen, she found that his condition was very stable, and he looked as if he were asleep. 
A group of people also followed after her. 
Ellis's voice was somewhat choked up as he looked to the family doctor. "How is Uncle doing now?" 
The family doctor sighed. "These seven poisons counteract each other's toxicity; if seven doses of the same strength are taken at the same time, it would be equivalent to a Premium Tonic Pill. Now, the toxins are dispersed throughout Mr. Olsen's body, and if no antidote is administered within seven days, he will pass away in his sleep. At least it won't be too painful." 
The family doctor couldn't help but say, "Who exactly are these people? It feels like the poison they used on Mr. Olsen is quite gentle." 
At this comment, James immediately cursed angrily, "What nonsense are you talking about? My uncle is about to be poisoned to death, and you call that gentle?" 
The doctor continued. "This poison is indeed very gentle. Generally, enemies wouldn't be willing to use this poison because it's incredibly expensive. Each of these rare ingredients is a treasure in the world; gathering all seven to create this poison would cost at least several million… I sense some goodwill from the other side." 
This made Keira frown. 
Vera seemed very cruel and extreme. She treated old Mr. Martin with complete disrespect. She didn't seem to care about anyone else at all. 
What was she planning to do now? 
As Keira thought this over, her phone rang. 
Keira immediately picked it up, and an electronic voice came through from the other side – it was Fox. "Rabbit, you surely wouldn't want your father to just die like this, right?" 
Keira immediately said, "Vera, tell me, what exactly do you want?" 
"I want you to suffer the consequences! Do you know where the antidote for this poison is?" 
Keira was stunned. 
The other side continued, "That's right, at the Martin family! I took the poison from the Martin family, so naturally, the antidote is there too! You and Lewis teamed up today to deceive old Mr. Martin, so tell me, when the DNA test results come out, and old Mr. Martin finds out you're not his granddaughter, what do you think he'll do?" 
Keira's face darkened, "Vera!" 
Vera let out a cold laugh, "Regretting it now, are you? Did you think that ruining my banquet today would just be the end of it?"
###Chapter 576
576 Chapter 575 
Vera suddenly burst out. "I just want you to regret it! I want you to taste what it's like to be played with!" 
Keira immediately said, "I'll go to the Martin family for the antidote right now!" 
Vera scoffed. "I've already given old Mr. Martin orders, and he won't give it to you before the DNA test results come out... as for after the results are released, you and I both know that you're deceiving him! 
"Keera, had you simply conceded defeat and handed Amy over to me, I could have spared your life, but you insisted on courting death! Don't blame me for being ruthless! I want you to watch with your own eyes as your father leaves you!" 
With those words, Vera ended the call. 
Keira stared blankly at her phone, clenching her jaw tightly. 
She suddenly looked toward Lewis with a hint of panic. 
Lewis had been standing by her side all along and naturally heard the voice from the phone as well. He immediately said, "It's my fault..." 
He shouldn't have tricked Vera, which pushed her over the edge. 
It had only bought them a mere two days' time. 
If he had known the consequences of those two days would be so severe, he would definitely not have done it. 
Keira shook her head. "No one could have anticipated this." 
Both frowned and looked at each other. "The Martin family..." 
They both knew that being tough with the Martin family wouldn't work, and giving in also wasn't an option. 
The Martin family would rather die than surrender, which was why Lewis said before that even if he used his overseas power to sanction the Martin family internationally, it would only result in mutual destruction. 
They couldn't be coerced by force. 
But if that was the case, what about Uncle Olsen? 
As Keira grew anxious, someone suddenly asked, "Why are you here?" 
Keira turned around and saw Susan standing beside Jenkins. 
Only then did she realize that upon entering the room, besides the butler, there was Jenkins, who now stood in a corner, quivering all over. 
Upon hearing this, Jenkins immediately waved her hands. "It wasn't me. I didn't know there was poison in that coffee. I didn't know..." 
Her reaction made everyone instantly realize something, and they all turned their gazes toward her. 
James roared, "Did you poison my uncle?" 
Jenkins waved her hands. "It wasn't me! I didn't... I just followed usual practice and brought Mr. Olsen his coffee." 
The butler then said, "Mr. Olsen fainted after drinking the coffee, so I didn't let anyone leave the room." 
Hearing this, Keira immediately rushed over to the coffee cup on the table to check if any coffee residue was left. She might be able to determine the dose of poison through it. 
But unfortunately, when she glanced over, she saw that the coffee cup had already been cleaned... 
Keira turned back in shock, looking at the butler. 
The butler gave a bitter smile. "After Mr. Olsen finished the coffee, Jenkins casually rinsed it here at the sink." 
Susan immediately retorted angrily, "So, she's the one who poisoned Uncle Olsen! Otherwise, why would she wash the coffee cup here at the sink?!" 
Jenkins was close to tears. "Mr. Olsen spilled a bit of coffee and asked me to clean it up. That's why I did it..." 
Susan snapped. "What a coincidence! You served Uncle Olsen coffee, and then, right after he drank it, he spilled some, and he asked you to clean it up... Do you think we are all fools? Jenkins, you are the one who poisoned my uncle!" 
After saying that, Susan grabbed Peter. "Peter, I think she's an accomplice of our enemy. Call the police and have them take her away now!" 
Dazed, Peter looked at Jenkins in disbelief. 
For some reason, lately, she had been the one he'd been in most contact with at home, and he had quite liked this young woman... 
But he had never imagined she would poison his uncle! 
Jenkins hastily waved her hands. "It wasn't me... I didn't... That's not true..." 
She cried until her eyes turned red. 
However, Susan pointed at her. "Jenkins, any excuse is useless now. We all know what you did! The evidence is conclusive! You even cleaned up the crime scene to destroy evidence! Don't treat us like fools! Let me tell you, what you did was too obvious!" 
She charged right up to Jenkins, pushing her forcefully, "How dare you? Do you know who that is? He is the person in charge of the Olsen family! Even if we killed your entire family, it wouldn't make up for our loss!" 
Tears rolled down Jenkins' face as she looked at Uncle Olsen. She was trembling. 
She remembered what she had done. She had brought Uncle Olsen his coffee at the usual time, and after he had drunk it, he said it tasted just like always. But then he accidentally spilled some on the table, so he asked her to clean it up. 
Uncle Olsen was in the middle of a meeting at the time, so he just stood up and stepped aside. 
Jenkins wiped the table. The coffee cup was stained with spills; if she took it downstairs, the coffee might drip onto the carpet and stain it. Since there was a sink in the room, she rinsed the cup off there. 
By the time she finished everything and was about to speak to Uncle Olsen, she saw him collapse. 
Jenkins was terrified and immediately called the butler over! 
Now, she was truly unable to clear her name because all these events were too coincidental! 
She was nearly screaming. "It wasn't me... Young Master Peter, please believe me!" 
Peter stared at Jenkins, then looked toward Keira, seemingly wanting to say some words in her defense. 
But Susan immediately clung to his arm. "Peter, Uncle is lying here with his life hanging by a thread. Surely, you won't speak up for a murderer?" 
Peter was taken aback. 
He looked at Jenkins as if he wanted to say something but ultimately turned his head away. 
Susan then said, "What are we waiting for? Even if this is a complicated matter and we can't call the police, we can still lock her up, right?" 
Jenkins' legs gave in, and she collapsed to the ground. 
Peter finally couldn't hold back and said, "We don't know that yet. After all, there's no evidence..." 
Susan said, "Because she cleaned everything up! How would there be evidence? But Peter, I just thought of a way to save Uncle..." 
Peter's eyes lit up. "What is it?" 
Susan walked right up to Jenkins and grabbed her hair, forcing Jenkins to lift her head and look at her. 
Susan sneered. "She put the poison there. Of course, she knows the formula!" 
Jenkins immediately shook her head, "I don't know..." 
"Liar!" 
Susan struck her face, and there was a flicker of satisfaction in Susan's eyes as she said, "You're so stubborn!" 
Susan swung her hand again, delivering another fierce slap to her face! 
Susan said, "Will you talk or not!" 
Jenkins was dazed from being struck. "I don't know..." 
"Well, since you won't talk, don't blame me for this!" 
Susan picked up the vase nearby, sneered, and said, "If you don't speak up, this vase is coming down on you!" 
Jenkins' pupils shrunk dramatically! 
Such a large vase would kill her. 
She wouldn't be able to clear herself of suspicion today. Would she die here? 
A glimmer of despair flashed in her eyes. 
Just then...
###Chapter 577
577 Chapter 576 
"Stop!" 
The voice sounded heavenly as a chorus to Jenkins. She turned around and saw Keira staring at Susan. 
Jenkins's eyes teared up. "Miss Olsen, I didn't do it. It wasn't me..." 
Susan looked toward Keira. "Keera, what's wrong? I'm doing this to force the formula out of her mouth to save Uncle Olsen's life. As his biological daughter, you're not going to stop me, are you?" 
Keira fixed her gaze on Susan. "Jenkins might be innocent." 
"You know it's just a 'might,' right? What if she's the one who poisoned him?" 
Susan spread her hands. "There's a saying, 'Better to kill by mistake than to miss an enemy!' Uncle Olsen is lying on the bed right now, his life hanging by a thread, and you, his daughter, seem so unconcerned." 
She turned to look at Peter. "This is what happens with daughters not raised by your side... they're not close..." 
Keira frowned even more. 
Peter took the vase from her hands. "Regardless, questioning Jenkins is fine, but if you smash her with this vase, wouldn't that kill her?" 
Susan said, "Without threatening her like this, how could a trained person like her possibly tell the truth so easily?" 
Peter said, "But still, you can't..." 
Susan cut him off. "Mercy to an enemy is cruelty to oneself." 
Peter was left speechless yet again. 
Keira didn't bother with Susan but instead turned to the butler. "Jenkins, indeed, is a suspect, so find a room and lock her up. We'll talk after I investigate the scene." 
The butler nodded; her request was quite reasonable. Susan wanted to say more, but Keira watched her warily. "The Olsen family is a respectable household. We do not allow private torture chambers, nor do we allow confessions under duress!" 
Intimidated by her, Susan pursed her lips and said no more. 
The butler hurriedly pulled Jenkins out the door, took her to an unoccupied guest room on the third floor, and then locked the door from the outside. 
Jenkins's eyes were red. "Sir, it really wasn't me." 
The butler sighed. "I know, you're a good kid. How could it be you? Plus, I've thoroughly investigated your background, and you don't have the slightest suspicion... Just wait here. Miss Olsen isn't the type to apply extrajudicial punishment; she will clear your name." 
Jenkins nodded. "Okay." 
Once the butler was gone, Jenkins paced back and forth in the room. 
... 
After Jenkins was taken away, Uncle Olsen's room was still crowded with people. 
His two brothers and sisters-in-law were all present, their faces etched with concern. Seeing this moved Keira deeply. 
The familial atmosphere of the Olsen family was truly commendable. 
So many families fought viciously over inheritance, yet the bonds within the Olsen family seemed unbreakable... 
Everyone stayed by Uncle Olsen's side until the doctor repeatedly assured them that Uncle Olsen would be alright until the seventh day and asked everyone to leave... 
Although a hundred square meters in size, Uncle Olsen's study was overrun with too many members of the Olsen family. Even though seating was available for those who stayed, the air was still stuffy. 
Eventually, Keira persuaded everyone to leave, leaving only Ellis there. 
Ellis asked, "Tell me, what exactly happened?" 
Keira sighed and had no choice but to explain the situation with the South family. She ended with a self-reproachful tone. "I didn't expect the South family to be so difficult to deal with. Their power is so great. Now, it has even implicated my father..." 
Ellis immediately retorted, "Don't say that! This is your home, and we are your family... But tell me, is it the same Fox who tampered with my medical examination report?" 
Keira nodded. "It should be the same person." 
Ellis frowned. "There's still time. Let's think it through. Uncle has always been very fond of your mother. If we can rescue her, all his hardships won't count for anything." 
Keira knew what he said was true. 
But she still felt guilty... 
The key issue was... what about the DNA test in two days? 
Delaying it by two days would have been fine if they could find a way to stop the arranged marriage between the Martin family and Vera. Even if they couldn't find one, there wouldn't have been any consequences. 
After all, once the Martin family and Vera were united in marriage, they would become opposing factions, so adding a bit more hatred didn't matter. 
But now, she had put herself on the griddle! 
She took a deep, frustrated breath and said, "Do you think we can find old Mr. Martin's daughter within two days? Could that calm his rage enough to give us the antidote?" 
Ellis immediately said, "That's a plan! If we really can find his daughter, this might blow over!" 
Then he looked toward Lewis, "Where's the photo?" 
Lewis handed him the photo. 
Ellis took one look and was flabbergasted. "What can we see from this? How can we find her? There's practically no clue at all!" 
Keira took a deep breath, "I know someone in the police force. Let's check the database!" 
At this point, that was indeed their only choice! 
... 
Susan and Peter went downstairs, with Peter's gaze repeatedly shifting toward the third floor. Then he turned to Susan and reprimanded, "You shouldn't have lashed out at Jenkins earlier." 
With a look of grievance, Susan said, "Peter, I was just anxious. Uncle Olsen is lying in bed, and I wanted to contribute to the family and make everyone acknowledge me..." 
Peter felt exhausted. Susan's behavior had been so obvious at the Martin family's banquet. He'd be a fool if he couldn't see Susan's hostility toward his younger sister! 
Suddenly, he said, "You better not come over tomorrow..." 
Before he could finish, Susan interrupted. "If only there were someone like me by Uncle Olsen's side at the critical moment to pull him back, just to stop him from drinking that coffee..." 
She sighed, "Then Uncle Olsen wouldn't have been poisoned, right?" 
The words of refusal that were on the tip of Peter's tongue suddenly got stuck in his throat. He couldn't say them. 
In the end, even though Susan's behavior wasn't proper and there seemed to be some grudges between her and Keera, Susan still saved his life... 
Susan seemed not to hear him for the first time, and her face had a puzzled look. "Peter, what did you just say?" 
Peter sighed softly, "Nothing. I'll have the chauffeur take you home." 
"Okay, I'll come back tomorrow." 
Susan waved and left with a smile on her face. 
She knew she had been too obvious, but that didn't matter. As long as she was Peter's lifesaver, the Olsen family couldn't do anything to her! 
Watching Susan exit the house, Peter finally snapped back to reality. 
He hung his head low, dejectedly heading upstairs to his bedroom. After taking a few steps, he suddenly stopped and looked up toward the third floor. 
He went to the kitchen, grabbed some food, and took it to the third floor. 
The room where Jenkins was confined had a small window leading to the corridor. He knocked on the window, which was immediately opened, revealing Jenkins's panicked face. 
In a flurry, Jenkins looked at him. "Young Master Peter, please help me! I don't want to die! I swear I didn't poison anyone!" 
Peter frowned. 
Jenkins burst into tears. "I'm begging you, I'm really scared. Will you please let me out? Just for the sake of that time when I saved you..."
###Chapter 578
?578 Chapter 577
Before Jenkins could finish, a plate of food suddenly appeared before her.
She was slightly taken aback, and the words she was about to say got stuck in her throat.
With a confused look, Peter asked her, "Are you hungry?"
Staring at the delicate and appetizing meal, Jenkins suddenly felt that her previous actions were a bit inappropriate, giving off the impression of charity with strings attached.
She nodded. "Yes, I'm hungry"
Peter handed her the food. "What were you saying just now?"
Jenkins pursed her lips and ultimately just smiled. "It's nothing"
She picked up the fork and began to eat.
There was also some soup, which showed how attentive Peter was. Jenkins looked at the meal, took a couple of bites, then raised her head again. "I didn't poison your uncle."
"I believe you," Peter said. "I know it's not your fault; it's just that there's no evidence right now to prove you're not involved with the incident. But don't worry, Keera and Ellis are smart, and they'll clear your name."
Jenkins nodded. "Yes, I believe in Miss Olsen."
But she was a bit afraid of Ellis.
As the Olsen family's next successor, Ellis was known as the defiant figure of Clance, known for his odd character. The butler repeatedly cautioned maids who came to work for the Olsen family to accord special respect to Uncle Olsen and Mr. Ellis.
Ilowever, Jenkins had a good impression of "Keera"; there were several instances where that young lady had spoken on Jenkins' behalf, helping her avoid conflicts with Susan.
But...
Jenkins couldn't help but cast another complaining glance at Peter.
It was all because of Peter. If it weren't for him, Susan wouldn't have given her trouble time and again!
Jenkins was
smart person; her years of working had long taught her to read people's faces. She had previously sensed Susan's inexplicable hostility toward her, and now she finally understood. Did Susan think Peter was fond of her?
Jenkins glanced at Peter...
Peter was handsome, a perfect example of the Olsen family's appearance, with one of the better temperaments among the young masters.
Ellis was capricious.
The second young master was rarely at home.
The third young master, James, had a fierce temper.
The fourth young master was also rarely at home.
Peter got along best with the servants. He was the most respectful and had the gentlest character.
The sixth young master was also rarely at home.
The seventh young master, Charles, was still in school, and it was clear that he had a strong personality and his own ideas...
Out of the entire Olsen family, Peter was the nicest.
As Jenkins was thinking this, she lowered her head, knowing she needed to keep her distance in the future.
However, even though she had never tried to get close to Peter, she still felt happy when she saw him.
Now that she thought about keeping her distance, Jenkins felt a little sad.
She couldn't help looking at Peter. "Mr. Peter, are you really going to marry Susan?"
Peter didn't hesitate. "Yes, she's my lifesaver. Of course, I have to marry her!"
Jenkins couldn't help but press her lips together. "Would you do the same for every lifesaver?"
Peter twitched the corners of his mouth.
He thought about it. Actually, in addition to Susan, who had pulled him out of the car during the accident, there were also the ambulance, nurses, and doctors who had saved his life.
Ile couldn't possibly marry all of those people.
So, Peter said, "Of course not, but Susan is different."
The car caught fire then, and no one knew when it might explode. Many people were gathered around, and blood had blurred his vision.
He could hear the crowd around him....
Among all those people, only one girl, despite the risk, charged in and pulled him out of the car.
And shortly after they had moved away from the car, it exploded.
Neither the nurses and the doctors nor those who later lent a hand risked their lives to save him.
Therefore, the one he was most grateful to was Susan.
Jenkins took it the wrong way.
If Susan was different from the other lifesavers, Peter must love her!
Jenkins had always been straightforward, and having sensed all of this, she decided to make a choice today.
She turned and looked directly at Peter. "Mr. Peter, from now on, please don't bring me food
anymore."
Peter was taken aback. "Why? Aren't you hungry?"
Jenkins said, "It's not appropriate."
"How is it not appropriate? You haven't been convicted, and if you were, you would have been sent to the police station by now. The Olsen family doesn't allow illegal punishment. There's no
evidence now, and you're being detained by our family. I can't just starve you, can I?"
Jenkins gave a wry smile.
So, that was what Peter was thinking...
He showed her kindness because she was the Olsen family's employee.
He didn't have even the slightest bit of affection for her...
Susan really was overthinking it.
Jenkins said, "After I prove my innocence, I'll leave the Olsen family"
Although the salary here was good, Jenkins had grown wary after the incident with Uncle Olsen.
Money was important, but it wasn't as precious as life itself!
Peter was suddenly taken aback, his eyes widening in shock. "No, Jenkins, are you mad? Anyone would find today's incident has too many coincidences. It's normal for people to be suspicious.
Could you please not be mad at us?"
Jenkins wanted to say something, but she only gave a low chuckle.
She might as well be seen as throwing a tantrum.
Casually pushing her food around the plate, she handed it back to Peter. "You Olsens are so strange. I'm just a maid who has been implicated in this matter for no reason. Isn't it normal for me to want to leave?"
Peter was dumbstruck for a moment. "Wait. We were talking normally a moment ago. Why are you suddenly angry? It's true. Women are so touchy!"
Upon saying this, he took the plate from her. "If you don't want me to deliver you food, so be it.
You can starve!"
Looking at the food that was barely touched, he huffed and turned to go downstairs.
"Everyone has such a huge temper. You can't even talk or express your doubt. Well then, starve!"
Peter grumbled as he walked away.
When he reached the bottom of the stairs, he angrily set down the plate and was about to leave
when his stomach growled.
Peter immediately looked down at his belly.
Then he let out a quiet sigh. "I've been busy tonight and haven't eaten anything. It's not pleasant
to be hungry."
With that, he called over the butler. "Send some food to Jenkins a little later,"
The butler nodded. "Alright, Mr. Peter."
After saying that, Peter seemed to feel a bit better. Ile found something to eat in the kitchen,
rubbed his belly, and walked out.
He went outside and looked at the people bustling about.
Suddenly, he looked up at the third floor.
He approached the butler and asked, "What was the last thing Uncle had before drinking his
coffee?"
If they could prove Jenkins's innocence, could they let her out then?
It was quite pitiful for a young girl to be locked up like that.
The butler was taken aback upon hearing this. "Ile had some afternoon tea before that."
Peter immediately asked, "What kind of afternoon tea? Who made it?"
The butler was confused for a moment. "Another maid, May, made it... She served it to Uncle Olsen and then went home..."
Peter's pupils shrank suddenly. "Is there any leftover?"
The butler frowned. "The leftover afternoon tea was packed up and taken away by May. But I don't think Mr. Olsen was poisoned in the afternoon because he had his tea at two and fell ill at eight. There's too much of a gap in time. I consulted the family doctor; the poison would have taken effect almost instantly upon ingestion, so we only considered the cup of coffee. Peter insisted, "I don't care. Check the food! Why did May take away the leftover?" The butler replied, "May said there are kids at home, and it seemed a waste to throw the food
away..."
As his voice trailed off, the butler also realized something. "I have been negligent!"
Peter quickly said, "Give me her home address. I need to investigate her!"
"Alright."
Peter immediately rushed out.
The next day.
When Susan returned to the Olsen residence, she didn't see Peter, so she went straight to the
door of the guest room on the third floor, where Jenkins was detained.
She looked at the maid who accompanied her and suddenly smiled. "Would you like to do a
great service for the Olsen family?"
The maid's eyes instantly lit up.
###Chapter 579
579 Chapter 578 
Jenkins couldn't sleep all night. 
The wind outside was very strong, and every time it hit the window, she would wake up with a start. 
She was very afraid, very panicked, and very fearful. 
Uncle Olsen had collapsed right before her eyes, stiff as a board, and she had never been so close to sickness and death in her life. 
If they couldn't find an antidote for Uncle Olsen and he died like that, could she clear herself of the suspicion of being a murderer? 
No wonder the Olsens were keeping her captive. Even she herself found the whole situation very mysterious. 
How come Uncle Olsen spilled the coffee yesterday? 
How come she rinsed the coffee cup? 
If she hadn't, they could have checked the coffee residue for any traces of poison and even analyzed the poison's composition. 
Of course, they thought she was the suspect. 
Jenkins was close to crying. 
It wasn't until the day broke that she finally fell asleep in a daze. 
But just as she was drifting off into a dream, the door was violently kicked open. 
Jenkins looked up and saw Susan entering with a maid. 
Jenkins immediately stood up. "What are you doing?" 
"What are we doing?" 
Susan chuckled and closed the door behind her. "Of course, we're here to interrogate you!" 
Jenkins shouted immediately, "I didn't do it, I..." 
"You can keep shouting all you want. You know better than anyone about the construction of the Olsen mansion. You could scream your lungs out, and nobody would hear you. Jenkins, no one will save you today!" 
After that, Susan turned to the maid and took a rope out of her pocket. "Tie her up!" 
The maid immediately approached, so Jenkins grabbed a vase from the nearby coffee table. "Don't come any closer!" 
The maid paused. 
Susan chuckled, then suddenly stepped forward, grabbed the vase with one hand, and tapped Jenkins's wrist with the other hand. Jenkins's hand went limp instantly, and she crumpled to the floor. 
She looked at Susan in shock, "You..." 
Susan clapped her hands, no longer the frail girl when Peter was around, and commanded the maid. "Hurry up and restrain her!" 
The maid rushed over and tied Jenkins's hands and feet. 
With her hands tied behind her back, Jenkins looked at Susan in shock. "What are you doing? I've told you, I don't know anything!" 
The maid hesitated for a moment, then looked toward Susan. 
Susan immediately said, "You don't know anything? How could you not know? I believe you're the one who poisoned Uncle Olsen. Otherwise, why hasn't the Olsen family cleared your name after one whole night?" 
Hearing this, the maid began to tie with more force. "Just hand over the antidote obediently, and Miss Simpson might spare your life!" 
"I don't have it, you..." 
As she spoke, Susan glanced at the maid and nodded toward the bathroom with her chin. 
The maid took the hint immediately. She rushed into the bathroom, turned on the faucet, and began filling the bathtub with water. 
Susan approached Jenkins. "You're such a pitiful little beauty. Too bad you'll have to suffer today." 
After that, she pushed Jenkins forward. 
Jenkins fell to the ground and said, "There's nothing between Young Master Peter and me. I'm telling the truth. I told him yesterday that I would leave the Olsen family after my name is cleared..." 
But Susan just laughed scornfully. "Leave? Do you think you can still get away unscathed? Jenkins, you really are quite shameless. Of all the people, you have to seduce Peter!" 
She bent down and grabbed Jenkins's chin tightly, and Jenkins was in pain. "I didn't seduce Peter! I didn't poison Uncle Olsen! I didn't..." 
"I know," Susan laughed. "The poison is quite valuable, and you couldn't possibly afford it." 
Jenkins's eyes lit up. "Then you can let me go? I'll leave the Olsen family immediately and never come back!" 
"That..." Susan laughed, "I'm afraid that's not going to happen!" 
As Susan spoke, Jenkins heard the maid come out from the bathroom. "Miss Simpson, the bath is ready." 
"Good." 
Susan grabbed Jenkins's hair and dragged her toward the bathroom. "Look at you. You haven't taken a bath after everything, right? You stink! Come on, let me help you wash up!" 
After entering the bathroom, she pushed Jenkins into the large bathtub. 
"Splash!" 
There was a lot of water in the bathtub, and when Jenkins was pushed in, she struggled fiercely. 
She felt as though she had fallen into a small lake and desperately tried to stand up, but her hands and feet were tied, and she couldn't break free. 
She struggled with all her might, trying to raise her head above water to breathe, but the next moment, a hand pressed down on her head, pushing her face back into the water. 
Jenkins tried to fight, but she couldn't shake Susan off. 
Suffocation… 
The pain in her lungs made Jenkins feel like she was going to explode. 
She choked on several mouthfuls of water… 
She thought she was about to die just like that… 
"Splash!" 
Susan suddenly pulled her head up. 
Jenkins immediately took deep breaths, feeling intense pain in her lungs… Her nose and her eyes also felt sour and uncomfortable… 
The agony and the feeling of being close to death made her shiver uncontrollably. 
Susan leaned in and asked, "Speak! Who ordered you to poison Uncle Olsen?" 
Jenkins shook all over, gasping for air. 
"You don't know? Did someone give you the poison? What did they offer you?" 
Jenkins still didn't speak. 
Susan continued. "It appears to be the case, so why did you do it? I checked your bank account, and someone has deposited one million in your account…Was it for the money?!" 
Jenkins's pupils shrank sharply. "That's impossible! How could I have a million in my account?" 
"You don't know? You're still pretending to be innocent…" 
Susan gave a low chuckle, then suddenly burst out. "Do you think we won't find out? Jenkins, just admit it! Where is the poison formula? Or, where is the rest of the poison?" 
Jenkins shook her head. "I don't know…" 
"Did you put all the poison in the coffee? You really don't give us any chance, do you?" 
Jenkins still wanted to speak, "It's not like that…" 
"Splash!" 
Before she could finish speaking, Susan pushed her head back into the water. 
Jenkins widened her eyes in terror, feeling the water invade her mouth and nostrils from all directions… 
At this moment, she finally understood! 
Susan was trying to force a confession!! 
Susan had thought of every reason and excuse and had even transferred that money into her account! 
Jenkins tried to push Susan away in horror, but she couldn't muster any strength. 
She heard Susan and the maid's menacing voices. 
The maid said, "Miss Simpson, if you hold her down any longer, she'll drown." 
Susan sneered. "She committed suicide out of guilt. We didn't do anything. But before she died, she revealed the truth…" 
Jenkins's pupils contracted. She tried desperately to struggle, but she couldn't break free. 
Gradually, she felt her strength slipping away… 
Outside the door. 
Peter strode in, and upon entering, he heard the butler ask, "Any clues?" 
Peter nodded, and before he could speak, the butler said, "Miss Simpson is here. She said she wanted to talk to Miss Jenkins." 
At that remark, Peter asked in confusion, "What could they possibly have to talk about?" 
As he said that, he walked upstairs and arrived at the guest room, only to see the door closed. It was utterly quiet inside… 
Peter was about to leave. 
But after thinking it over, he decided it would be better to let Jenkins know he had a lead. It would ease her mind. 
So, he knocked on the door. "Jenkins, come to the window." 
In the room. 
Hearing the voice outside, Jenkins struggled harder, but Susan made a silencing gesture to the maid.
###Chapter 580
580 Chapter 579 
The maid was stunned by the situation. 
She looked at Susan in shock, lowering her voice as she spoke. "Miss Simpson, if you don't let go soon, she's going to die!" 
A hint of murderous intent flashed in Susan's eyes. "So what if she dies? She has confessed already!" 
The maid was taken aback by these words. "When did she..." 
"Just now. Didn't you hear it?" Susan looked at the maid with a smile that was not quite a smile. "You and I both heard her confession. We were both so shocked that we couldn't keep an eye on her, and she committed suicide out of guilt!" 
The maid was completely bewildered upon hearing this. 
She had followed Susan simply because she was usually annoyed by Jenkins. Why were the butler and Peter so nice to her and not the other maids? 
So, she was jealous of Jenkins. 
That's why when Susan said they were going to interrogate Jenkins, she impulsively decided to follow along. 
But no matter how jealous she was of Jenkins, she couldn't bear to watch her die! 
The maid swallowed hard, wanting to intervene, but Susan was pressing down on Jenkins relentlessly, simply not letting go. 
Outside the window, the knocking continued, and Peter asked louder. "Jenkins? Jenkins? Why aren't you speaking? Have you gotten into some trouble? 
"Jenkins, say something! If you don't talk, I won't care about you anymore! If something happens to you in the future, I won't come to see you again! 
"...Alright, it was our fault yesterday. We shouldn't have locked you up here alone, but try to understand. It was indeed impossible for you to clear your suspicion... Everything was just too coincidental. How come you had to wash the coffee cup? 
"Jenkins? Hey, if you don't talk, I'm leaving!" 
Peter knocked on the window, "I'm serious, if you remain silent, I'm really going to leave!" 
Inside the bathroom, the maid covered her mouth, not daring to speak. 
She looked toward Jenkins in the bathtub once again... 
Jenkins's struggle was getting weak. The lack of oxygen made her feel she was going to pass out. 
She tried hard to open her eyes, but she could only see the bottom of the bathtub. 
She felt her strength and energy draining away slowly. Her entire body seemed to be getting lighter as if she were about to bid farewell to this world. 
In a daze, Jenkins thought about her life. 
Having no family, she grew up in a foster home, so she had been working from a young age to save for her tuition. It seemed like no one in her life truly cared about her, and no one would mind the death of a little orphan like her. 
No, there should be one. 
Peter. 
He was so pure and kind-hearted. 
He would help her with the ladder when she, a maid, couldn't move it... 
He would also follow behind her, saying what was there to be tired about with such a small ladder. "Let me help you," he said. 
If she died, would Peter shed a tear for her? 
Thinking of this, Jenkins stopped struggling. 
She slowly closed her eyes. 
... 
After knocking on the window for quite a while without a response from inside the room, Peter grew concerned. 
He couldn't help but frown. 
At that moment, Keira, who had heard some noise, came walking over. 
She had stayed with Uncle Olsen in his bedroom the previous night, and even though the family doctor said the poison would be fine for the time being and there would be no life-threatening issues within seven days, Keira still found it hard to trust that. 
It wasn't until this morning that she felt Uncle Olsen's pulse and found that his pulse was still strong even in a deep sleep, which finally eased her worries. 
She hadn't yet figured out how to deal with old Mr. Martin, nor did she know how to ask the Martin family for an antidote. 
Feeling restless, she prepared to step outside for some air. Then she thought of Jenkins, so she came here. 
That's when she saw Peter sneakily talking to a closed window. 
One could shut the curtain of the guest room window from the inside; once closed, those outside could no longer see inside. 
Peter looked like a person having an affair and was still cooing Jenkins. "Alright, I know you're innocent. I'll talk to my sister and see if she'll let you out today, alright? Why aren't you saying anything?" 
Keira walked over, stood behind him, and watched Peter squatting down, gently coaxing the person in the room. She couldn't help but whisper, "What are you doing?" 
"Ah!" 
Startled, Peter jumped up as if he had seen a ghost. When he turned around and saw Keira, he immediately breathed a sigh of relief. "Little sister, why do you move so quietly? You could scare someone to death!" 
Keira looked toward the guest room and asked, "What are you doing here?" 
Peter was startled again. Would his sister blame him if she knew he was visiting a suspect? 
Thinking it over, he realized it was also quite inappropriate. With Uncle Olsen's fate uncertain, here he was, helping a suspect. His sister must be angry, right? 
He scratched his head. "I, I wasn't really doing anything. I just came here to ask Jenkins a question, to see if she's the murderer or not. That's right, I was trying to use my charm to get her to tell the truth!" 
Keira was speechless. 
She couldn't help but give Peter a once-over, her gaze filled with disdain. 
Out of all the Olsen brothers, Peter had to be the least good-looking. 
Just as she thought of this, Peter became agitated. "What's with that look in your eyes?" 
Keira shook her head and was about to speak but suddenly heard something. She immediately looked toward the room and asked, "How long have you been talking to Jenkins here? Did she respond to you?" 
Peter thought she was mocking him for not being handsome enough, which was why Jenkins ignored him, so he stubbornly replied, "She did respond..." 
"Really?" 
Keira suddenly became tense, "When did she talk to you? What did she say?" 
Peter said, "Well, I admit she didn't talk to me, but it's not because I lack charm. It's just that we had an argument last night..." 
As soon as he said this, Keira rushed to the door and tried to push it open. 
But the door was locked from the inside and wouldn't budge. 
Keira checked and saw that the lock the butler used to close Jenkins in yesterday was undone, which indicated... 
Keira's pupils shrank. "Something's wrong!" 
Peter asked, "Did Jenkins escape?" 
"Step aside." 
Keira said and took two steps back. 
Peter also stepped back. Keira then kicked the door open and entered the room, only to hear the sound of running water from the bathroom!
###Chapter 581
581 Chapter 580 
Keira immediately rushed toward the bathroom. 
Peter hesitated for a moment and said, "Keera, Jenkins is taking a shower; she didn't run away, so I won't go inside." 
No sooner had he finished speaking than he heard Keira kick the bathroom door open, and a cry of surprise emanated from inside. 
Susan shouted, "Keera, what are you doing?!" 
Peter was stunned, "Susan?" 
He stepped into the bathroom and saw Susan and a maid standing inside. He was taken aback. "What are you doing here? Where's Jenkins?" 
Almost immediately after that, they saw Jenkins soaked in the bathtub. 
Peter and Keira both cried out in alarm and immediately moved forward, trying to pull Jenkins out, but the next moment, they heard a "gurgle" sound. 
Both were stunned, only to see the water in the pool draining away, revealing Jenkins's head... 
Time rewound to one minute earlier. 
Jenkins was being forcibly held down by Susan and just couldn't muster any strength; she even saw the Grim Reaper beckoning to her... 
She had given up, but just then, she caught sight of the bottom of the bathtub, which was a white blur, like heaven... 
How could there be a plug in heaven? 
No, it was the bathtub drain! 
Jenkins stopped struggling and instead, with all her might, raised her arm and slowly stretched her head toward the drain. 
Then, she finally grabbed the valve and pulled hard... 
"Gurgle…" 
After that sound, water was being drained away through the outlet... 
Then, Jenkins heard the cries of surprise from Susan and the maid. 
They tried to turn on the tap, but it was already too late. 
Filling the tub took time, but draining it was faster, and soon, Jenkins's head surfaced. She was drenched and slumped in the bathtub. 
Peter had rushed over and grabbed her arm. 
Jenkins was barely hanging on. Having swallowed so much water, she kept spitting water out. She remained limp in the bathtub, unable to move. 
Keira approached Jenkins, pressed on her abdomen to expel all the water from her stomach, and then turned to look at Susan and the maid. 
Keira asked sternly, "What happened? What did you do?!" 
The maid immediately looked guiltily at Susan, then averted her gaze. 
Susan said, "Keera, here's what happened. Jenkins confessed that she was the one who administered the poison, so I came to interrogate her about the formula ratio. If I could get that out of her, Uncle could be saved!" 
Keira frowned. "She confessed?" 
Now, weakly slumped in the bathtub, Jenkins heard this and immediately glared at Susan with eyes full of resentment. 
She shook her head, attempting to speak but simply couldn't. 
She could only listen as Susan twisted the truth. "Yes, I just thought of something. If the poison was administered by her, then she must have a motive, so I checked her bank account transactions. And you know what? There was a deposit of one million into her account at eight o'clock last night!" 
Keira scoffed. 
Susan kept lying. "How does one just receive so much money for no reason? That's why I came to interrogate her; indeed, she admitted it!" 
"You... are full of shit!" Jenkins finally recovered enough to speak. She grabbed Peter's hand, which was supporting her while looking at Susan with eyes brimming with hatred. "You're lying! I didn't..." 
"You what? Didn't you have a million deposited into your bank account? Do you want us to check your bank card?" 
Jenkins choked, "I..." 
Susan picked up her phone and threw it in front of her. "Go ahead and check!" 
Jenkins didn't move. 
Susan said, "What's the matter? Feeling guilty?" 
Jenkins bit her lip, trembling as she opened her mobile banking and clicked on the balance tab. The figure of one million appeared in front of her. 
Jenkins was extremely shocked, and she licked in, only to see that it was indeed a transfer from yesterday. 
She turned back incredulously to look at Susan. 
Susan sneered. "Peter, you see? This is the evidence!" 
"No, it's not. I don't know who..." 
Jenkins looked like she was about to cry as she turned to Peter. "I don't know who transferred this to me... I was in this room all day yesterday. I haven't..." 
Peter stared at her with a gloomy face without speaking. 
Seeing this, Jenkins immediately clenched her teeth, and for some reason, a touch of disappointment rose from the bottom of her heart, and she looked at Keira. "Miss, I didn't do it! You have to investigate. You must check thoroughly! I am innocent!" 
After that, tears rolled down her face. 
But she was still soaked, and one couldn't tell whether it was water or her real tears... 
Keira looked at Susan, and before she could speak, Susan pointed to the maid beside her. "Jenkins, don't tell me you're trying to deny the confession now that your savior has arrived. You said it just now, and this maid can testify! Isn't that so? Say something!" 
The last sentence was directed at the maid. 
The maid was immediately startled. She shuddered and looked cautiously at Keira and Peter. 
When Keira looked over, the maid immediately shrank back. She trembled, then cast her gaze downward, not daring to make eye contact with them. 
She looked at Jenkins, who was slumped over in the bathtub. She knew that if she didn't blame Jenkins today, her guilt of collaborating with Susan to bully Jenkins would be exposed. 
She took a deep breath and said, "Yes, that's right!" 
She looked at Jenkins. "She just admitted it, and that's why Miss Simpson and I questioned her. We felt that the Olsen family is too kind, too concerned with evidence, and probably couldn't make such a ruthless move, so we wanted to make a contribution..." 
As soon as she finished speaking, Jenkins immediately shouted, "Cathy! Why would you slander me like that? Why?!" 
That startled the maid, making her take a step back. 
Susan stood by the side, looking at Jenkins. "Jenkins, are you threatening Cathy in front of so many people? Guess what? I'm still here! Cathy, do you have more to tell? Say it! The money is the evidence, and we're the witness. Jenkins, you can't get away!" 
Hearing that, Jenkins lowered her head in despair. "It wasn't me. It wasn't…" 
She smiled bitterly when she heard a voice. "That's enough!" 
Jenkins was startled, and she turned incredulously to the speaker, Peter. 
She looked at him in a daze. 
Susan turned to Jenkins. "Jenkins, did you hear that? Peter just said it. It's enough! Stop making excuses!!" 
She stood there, arms crossed, looking smug as if she were looking at a dead person. 
Jenkins desperately clenched her fists. 
She was trembling, about to stand up from the bathtub, when she heard Peter speak in a heavy tone. "Susan, I'm talking to you! Enough is enough. Stop your little show right now!"
###Chapter 582
582 Chapter 581 
This statement shocked everyone. 
All of them looked incredulously at Peter. 
Even Keira raised an eyebrow. 
She was just about to speak when, unexpectedly, Peter said that. Well, she'd like to hear what he has to say! 
She turned to look at Peter, feeling that he had brought his brain with him today, which was nice. 
Susan looked at Peter in disbelief. "Peter, what are you talking about?" 
Peter took a deep breath, his face grim as he stared at her and slowly said, "Apologize to Jenkins!" 
Susan immediately cried out, "Peter! What are you saying? This murderer poisoned Uncle. Why should I apologize!" 
Peter gave a bitter smile. "Susan, do you really think we are all fools? Would anyone hire a person to poison someone and pay them afterward? Jenkins isn't stupid. Why would she ask for the money after poisoning Uncle? Is she so eager to get caught?!" 
Susan frowned. "She was caught yesterday and was kept here. Obviously, she couldn't have communicated with the other party! Besides, with poisoning, the other party would definitely pay afterward! What if she got it in advance but then refused to do it?" 
Peter laughed. "Really? I hire you to help me poison someone without giving you any money. You do the job, and then you get caught. And despite knowing you're detained by the Olsens, I still transfer money to you. I would hand over the evidence just like that, right?" 
Susan was taken aback but immediately stubbornly retorted, "Maybe the other party fell out with her. Maybe they wanted to expose this matter! Maybe they wanted to make her take the blame." 
Peter looked at her, disappointed. "How foolish the other party must be, Susan? No evidence would be left behind if they didn't transfer the money. Do you realize that one million can be traced back to its source?" 
Susan paused for a moment. "Then maybe it's..." 
"Enough!" Peter said. "I said that's enough!" 
Susan immediately fell silent, her eyes reddening as she looked straight at Peter. "Peter, I didn't expect you would choose to believe her over me! I came to interrogate her, for Uncle's sake! She admitted it!" 
Susan dragged over the maid, Cathy. "Tell us, didn't she confess just now? Why can't you believe it?" 
Peter immediately looked at Cathy, who, terrified, swallowed hard and nervously said, "Yes, yes..." 
Peter said coldly, "Do you realize that giving false testimony is against the law?" 
Cathy was startled and instinctively glanced at Susan. 
Susan glared at her, and Cathy immediately said, "I haven't provided false testimony; what I said is true; Jenkins admitted it just now!" 
Susan looked at Peter. "Peter, did you hear that? We didn't lie. The liar is Jenkins!" 
Peter looked at her and sighed. 
He suddenly said, "Susan, do you know why we suspected Jenkins last night but still treated her courteously, keeping her in this room?" 
Susan was startled. "What could it be for? Of course, because the Olsen family is a virtuous household, unwilling to blame the servants unduly." 
The Olsen family was a virtuous household. 
Keira wanted to laugh upon hearing this. 
Ellis was notoriously a defiant figure. Virtuous? 
Since she had returned home, she had noticed that these Olsen brothers each had their own capabilities. They were all highly intelligent, excelling in their fields – such as James in martial arts. Charles was currently attending Crera's top university studying physics, and Peter... Well, he might really be a bit silly. 
She shook her head slightly, then turned to look at Peter with a touch of pity in her eyes. 
Peter found Susan's response amusing as well. "As virtuous as we are, we wouldn't be so kind toward a suspected poisoner of our uncle. Susan, we confined her here because firstly, we wanted to avoid wrongfully killing the innocent and secondly, because there is surveillance in this room." 
At this revelation, Susan's pupils shrunk dramatically. "What?! No, that's impossible!" 
She immediately looked around. 
Upon entering the guest room, she had already surveyed the exterior and hadn't seen any sign of surveillance, let alone inside. 
Peter said, "Why do you think this guest room has been unoccupied for so long? Anyone who makes a mistake in the Olsen family would be confined here, just to see what they would do throughout the night! Everything Jenkins did last night, including if she contacted anyone from outside, is recorded in the surveillance!" 
He stepped forward and declared, "The Olsen family doesn't detain servants arbitrarily. Last night was merely a test for Jenkins! To prove whether she had done it! The surveillance would show it if she had any contact with people outside, be it a phone call or a text message! Do you really think the Olsens just detained her overnight and did nothing?" 
Susan swallowed. 
She took two steps back. "Peter, you're bluffing! How can there be surveillance in this room? And even if there is, I'm not afraid. Jenkins just admitted it!" 
Susan's demeanor made Peter sigh. 
He knew she wouldn't believe it until she saw it for herself. 
With no choice, Peter had to drag Susan out of the bathroom and point to the mirror in the bedroom. Seeing that Susan still didn't believe it, he opened the mirror, revealing the hidden surveillance camera inside. Its light was blinking. 
Pointing to the camera, he said, "Susan, see that? Do I need to go to the surveillance room and show you the footage?" 
Susan's pupils constricted, and she stepped back. 
"How is this possible?!"
###Chapter 583
583 Chapter 582 
Susan incredulously took a step back, her eyes wide with shock as she stared at the mirror. She wasn't foolish; as an underling of Fox, she had done plenty of similar tasks. 
Right upon entering the room, she had checked and found no place where a hidden camera could have been installed. 
Moreover, during her time with the Olsen family, she knew that even Ellis, despite his reputation as the fiend of Clance, was actually a kind person. She thought such a family would never install hidden cameras in their guest rooms. 
That was why she had dared to speak those words to Jenkins so insolently. 
She swallowed hard and stepped forward abruptly, grabbing Peter's arm. "Peter, I can explain..." 
"Check the footage!" 
At that moment, a fragile voice rang out, and both of them turned around to see Keira supporting a water-soaked Jenkins, who had come out of the tub and was standing beside them. 
Jenkins was pale, her lips ominously white due to lack of oxygen, and she stared unblinkingly at Susan, her voice weak but filled with anger. "Go check the surveillance; she just tried to kill me! I want to review the footage and call the police..." 
Those words made Susan's pupils shrink. 
Peter's face also stiffened. 
Susan immediately said, "Jenkins, it was all a misunderstanding. I wronged you just now, and I apologize for that. As for the surveillance, let's not check it. Uncle is still seriously ill, and no one is in the mood to check the footage, right? Let's not trouble Peter and the Olsen family with this!" 
Upon hearing that, Jenkins hesitated slightly. 
However, Keira said, "The Olsen family doesn't mind this trouble. If Peter doesn't dare to check, then I will." 
After saying that, Keira headed out. 
But Susan blocked her way. "Keera, don't. I know what I did was wrong. There's no need to check the video. I admit it. I slandered her..." 
She knew that no matter what, they couldn't check the surveillance. 
Keira looked at her. "What are you so afraid of?" 
Susan swallowed hard again and then looked at Peter. "Peter, I know what I did was wrong, but I did this because I love you!" 
Peter was dumbfounded. "You love me?" 
Susan began to cry. "Ever since Jenkins appeared, you've only had eyes for her, never giving me a glance. It hurts! I was afraid she would steal you away!" 
Peter was even more bewildered. "I've only had eyes for her? Are you serious? How could..." 
Mid-sentence, he suddenly remembered his past interactions with Jenkins. 
He was usually slow to catch on and hadn't noticed anything before, but now that Susan had pointed it out, he looked at Jenkins, completely bewildered. 
Unconsciously, he didn't know why he felt the need to see Jenkins every time he went home. 
And he liked the feeling of teasing her; it was very relaxing and engrossing. He enjoyed watching her get flustered or even enjoyed it when she scolded him. 
He had thought nothing of it, but now that Susan had mentioned it, he wondered if he had fallen for Jenkins. 
The Olsens were supposedly carriers of the "romantic gene", so how did he end up being so fickle in love? 
Peter gazed absently at Jenkins. 
That was when he realized that even seeing her pale face made him feel a touch of sympathy... 
This was bad, very bad... 
Peter abruptly shifted his gaze away, no longer daring to look at Jenkins. 
He rebuked sternly. "Susan, don't be ridiculous!" 
Seeing his strong reaction, Susan knew he must be feeling guilty and immediately bit her lip, challenging him. "Isn't it so? Peter, are you sure it's not true?" 
Peter felt so guilty he couldn't face her. "I'm not into her. I..." 
Before he could finish, Susan angrily shouted, "Peter, you've changed. You've been seduced by that little seductress! Do you know how sad it makes me to see you like this? 
Her eyes reddened, and lowering her head; she said, "Everything I did was for you; that's why I treated Jenkins that way and tried to drive her out of the Olsen family so that in the future, you'd only have eyes for me!" 
Peter looked at her, remaining silent for a moment. 
Keira then asked, "And the million dollars in her account?" 
"It was me. I had someone else do it..." Susan knew she had no choice but to admit it now. The surveillance video was there, clear as day. 
She started to cry. "Keera, I was just afraid that your brother would be lured away by Jenkins. That's why I made a wrong turn. Please forgive me!" 
She wiped her tears and then looked earnestly at Peter. "Peter, I'm sorry. I realize my mistake now. I promise I won't interfere with Jenkins ever again, okay?" 
After that, she turned to face Jenkins. "Jenkins, I'm sorry. Can you forgive me just this once? Let it drop, and I won't ask for the million dollars back!" 
Jenkins stared at her, shaking with anger. 
She thought of how she almost suffocated and the pain of near death. She knew if it hadn't been for her own effort, she would already be dead in that bathtub. 
But how could the culprit brazenly say such things here? 
Did Susan expect forgiveness? 
Did she think Jenkins's life could be bought with money? 
Jenkins coughed, glared at Susan, and said angrily, "No. You can't afford my life!" 
Susan was taken aback. 
Jenkins then turned to Keira. "Miss Olsen, I can call the police, right?" 
Keira nodded. "Yes, you can. I respect your decision." 
She picked up her phone. "Do you need me to dial the number for you?" 
"No, I don't." Jenkins found her own phone and said, "I want to do it myself! She framed me for attempted murder, transferred money to my account, and tried to kill me. She's guilty of attempted murder! Susan, I want you to pay for what you've done today!!" 
As she was about to make the call, Susan suddenly rushed over and grabbed her phone. "No, Jenkins, please don't. Listen to me..." 
Jenkins tried to break free but couldn't. 
Keira stepped forward and, with a little effort, pushed Susan away. 
Jenkins then picked up the phone again. 
"Bang!" 
Susan knelt, but this time not before Jenkins, but before Peter. 
She shouted, "Peter, are you going to just watch and do nothing about my fate?!" 
Peter pursed his lips tightly. "Susan, I..." 
"Peter, I saved your life back then because I loved you. Are you going to mistreat me for an outsider? Peter, you won't give up on me, right? I am your lifesaver! Peter, say something! Tell Jenkins to stop. Ask her to forgive me this once, will you?" 
Peter looked at Susan, hesitating for a moment. 
Images of that car accident from back then flashed through his mind, and in a daze, he remembered seeing Susan pulling him out to safety. 
Back then, Susan got her arm scalded trying to save him. 
He, indeed, couldn't just stand by and watch... 
Peter turned toward Jenkins and hesitated as if he wanted to say something, yet he knew he shouldn't ask... 
Seeing this, Jenkins looked at Susan and sneered. "What lifesaver?"
###Chapter 584
584 Chapter 583 
Several people turned their gazes toward Jenkins. 
Jenkins took a step forward, glanced at Peter, and then turned her eyes to Susan. 
Her gaze was cold, filled with hatred as she stared at Susan. 
She asked, "What lifesaver? Did you save Peter's life?" 
She let out a scoff before continuing. "Even if you are, that's what Peter owes you. What does it have to do with me? Today, you intend to harm my life, and you still expect me to show mercy? You must be dreaming!" 
Hearing those words, Keira gave Jenkins a look of admiration. 
Keira had been observing Jenkins and found that although the girl came from a poor background and was just a maid, she never wallowed in self-pity. She was always proud and self-respecting when she met her employers. 
She carried an innocence that, despite being polished by society for so long, was still not slick and worldly-wise. 
Hearing this, Susan swallowed hard. "Jenkins, I apologize for what I did. I truly am..." 
However, Jenkins ignored her and picked up her phone again. 
Seeing this, Susan immediately shouted, "Jenkins, even if you call the police without evidence, they won't do anything to me! You're not dead. Why can't you let me go?" 
Peter was astounded to hear this. 
He looked at Susan incredulously, hardly able to believe that these words came from Susan, who he always thought was kind and innocent. 
Jenkins replied coldly, "Perhaps if I had died, no one would have reported it for me, right? However, it's precisely because I'm not dead that I need to seek justice for myself!" 
Seeing she couldn't persuade Jenkins, Susan immediately turned to Peter. "Peter, help me! I can't go to jail; I didn't really mean to kill anyone; I just wanted to scare her a little... I didn't..." 
Peter stared at her. "Do you know that your actions have already violated the law?" 
"Peter," Susan pleaded through her tears, trembling all over. "As long as Jenkins doesn't press charges, there will be no problem. You have to persuade her... please! I saved your life once! Can you ask Jenkins to forgive me?" 
Peter was stunned. 
Yes, he owed her his life. He clenched his fists and turned to Jenkins. 
Seeing his reaction, Jenkins lowered his gaze in disappointment, and with a bitter smile, she asked, "Are you trying to plead for her?" 
Peter immediately said, "I'm not. I just..." 
He continued. "I owe her my life, Jenkins. I can't just stand by and do nothing..." 
At these words, Susan perked up immediately. "Yes, yes, Peter. I'm still your fiancée. You can't ignore me..." 
Then she turned to Jenkins. "I advise you not to call the police. The Olsen family's surveillance might already be broken. As long as Peter helps me, this will all blow over. I have a maid that can testify. I was just joking with you earlier!" 
Hearing these shameless words, Jenkins couldn't help but look at Peter again. 
She suddenly felt disappointed and sad and had a vague sense of depression. She stared at Peter. "Would you really help her tamper with the surveillance?" 
Peter was taken aback. 
Susan then looked at him. "Peter! Don't forget I almost lost my life saving you, and that's not even mentioning the injury on my arm. You'll help me, right?" 
Peter's jaw tightened. 
He looked at Jenkins again. 
Jenkins clenched her fists and then looked at her phone, hesitating whether or not to make the call. 
Then, the next moment, she heard Peter's voice. "I won't let her just go to jail like this. I owe her my life. Jenkins, I won't give you the surveillance footage." 
Jenkins gave a bitter smile. 
It must have been love for Susan that made Peter act this way. He had always been just and kind, but now, for Susan's sake, he had also changed. 
On the other side, Susan immediately breathed a sigh of relief. Eyes gleaming with triumph, she looked at Jenkins and said, "Jenkins, Peter has said it. He won't pull out the surveillance footage, so don't waste your effort..." 
Jenkins felt like a joke. 
Knowing full well that Peter would protect Susan unconditionally, why did she still insist on humiliating herself? 
She lowered the phone in her hand. 
But the next moment, her wrist was grasped by Peter. As she looked up, she heard him speak, "But if you have been wronged, this is indeed our fault. You should still call the police. When they arrive, I'll say I told her to do it." 
Jenkins was stunned. 
Peter's gaze was fixed on her. "I know you have always sought true justice in this world. You never bowed your spine when working as a maid. This time, I won't let you compromise. You're right. What is owed to Susan is my responsibility, not yours, so it's only right that I go to jail for her, repaying her for saving my life!" 
His words made Jenkins dazed. 
Susan shouted in surprise, "Peter! There's no need for that! As long as you don't take out the video, or if we go right now and delete the footage from the surveillance room, we can cover this all up! Peter, why bother doing this? Also, if you go to jail, how can we ever get married!" 
At Susan's words, a hint of relief flickered through Peter's eyes. 
For some reason, when Peter made this decision, he felt somewhat relaxed. 
Finally, he didn't have to get engaged or married to Susan... 
At that moment, Peter suddenly realized something. He didn't love Susan. Her favor had bound him, leaving him breathless. 
When this opportunity arose, when he could repay this favor, he felt a sudden sense of relief. 
He looked Susan in the eye and said softly, "Let's call off the engagement." 
Susan was completely dumbfounded. "What did you say?" 
"I said, I'm going to jail, so let's call off our engagement," Peter said again. 
Susan was stunned and motionless. Then, suddenly, she lunged at Peter, grabbing his wrist. "Peter, you're joking, right? I'm sorry! I said I'm sorry!" 
But Peter withdrew his hand. 
Seeing his reaction, Susan turned abruptly to look at Jenkins. "Jenkins, can you really bear to watch him go to jail? Don't you know he didn't sleep at all last night, that he was investigating who the real murderer was the whole time?" 
Jenkins looked toward Peter, bewildered. 
Peter, however, seemed as if a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders, and an air of ease surrounded him. He turned to Jenkins. "Jenkins, go ahead and call the police. It's your right." 
Seeing Peter like this, Jenkins suddenly let out a low chuckle. "Peter, Susan, you win." 
She put down the phone. 
Jenkins couldn't bear to watch Peter take the fall for Susan. She deleted the number from her screen and lowered her gaze. "I won't call the police." 
Susan immediately exhaled in relief, then rushed to Peter's side. "Peter, this is great! We can get married again!" 
But the next moment, her arm was pushed away by Peter. 
Susan was taken aback. 
Peter looked at her and said, "Whether Jenkins calls the police or not, I'm calling off our engagement."
###Chapter 585
585 Chapter 584 
Susan was flabbergasted. 
She stared at Peter in disbelief, her voice suddenly sharp. "What did you say?" 
Peter said, "It's for my sake that Jenkins gave up calling the police this time, so consider that I've taken the blame for you and repaid your life-saving grace. Let's call off our engagement." 
Susan immediately shouted angrily, "No way! I won't allow it!" 
She stepped back and pointed at Jenkins. "Have you fallen for her? Tell me, did she seduce you? Or have you two been colluding all along? Peter, your most beloved woman is supposed to be me! How can you call off our engagement over such a trivial matter?" 
Peter sighed. "Be reasonable. This has nothing to do with Jenkins. The issue is with me. I've misunderstood our feelings for each other..." 
Susan instantly shouted angrily, "What misunderstanding? There's no misunderstanding! Weren't we fine before Jenkins showed up? It's her arrival that has changed you!" 
Peter frowned. "I've said it. This matter has nothing to do with Jenkins." 
Susan shouted angrily again, "How can it have nothing to do with her? Even now, you're still protecting her! Even if I did transfer that million to her, she's still the prime suspect in the murder of your uncle! How can you break up with me for her sake?!" 
Peter felt it was almost impossible to reason with her. "Susan, I've said it's not because of her!" 
Before Jenkins arrived, Susan and Keera had been at odds. He had vaguely sensed something wrong back then... 
While Peter was considering it, Susan suddenly turned to Keira. "Little sister, are you satisfied now that our engagement has been called off?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
She thought, "Is she crazy? I was just standing by watching the drama unfold, and even that had brought trouble upon me?" 
She twitched the corners of her mouth, about to say something, when Susan angrily shouted, "Keera, why do you keep defending Jenkins? Is it just to oppose me? She's the prime suspect in the poisoning case, and the person lying in the hospital bed is your father. Are you just going to let her off like that?" 
As Keira was about to speak, Peter interjected. "Don't talk nonsense. Jenkins isn't a murderer!" 
Susan was taken aback. 
Peter went on. "I've checked. Yesterday, aside from drinking coffee, my uncle also had afternoon tea prepared by the usual maid. What's even stranger is that the maid took away the leftovers from the afternoon tea she made yesterday. I went to her home last night to investigate, but her whole family had disappeared! The neighbors said they had gone abroad for a vacation in the afternoon! Isn't it clear what's going on here? She was the one who poisoned my uncle! 
"Jenkins isn't stupid. After poisoning Uncle, a normal person would flee, not stay behind, and carry out such obvious acts of erasing evidence. Was she trying to get caught?" 
Susan was frantic. "You're talking nonsense, I've already asked the butler. That poison acts immediately upon ingestion. The moment Uncle took the poison, it would take effect. The last thing he consumed was that cup of coffee! It's definitely not the afternoon tea. Four hours had already passed before he drank the coffee! Peter, in your rush to exonerate Jenkins, you're disregarding the truth!" 
Peter was at a loss for words. 
Susan took another step forward, pressing in. "You suspect the maid and her family, but do you have any evidence? Without evidence, on what grounds can you claim Jenkins is innocent?" 
Peter was left speechless by her accusation. 
Yet, in the next moment, they heard a calm voice. "Who says there's no evidence?" 
Everyone turned to look at the speaker, Keira. 
Keira walked over calmly, looking at Peter. "I asked the butler last night what my dad had eaten and immediately conducted an investigation. The maid who prepared the afternoon tea suddenly made a batch of dumplings yesterday using a special type of flour." 
Peter froze. "What flour?" 
Keira said, "Tapioca flour." 
Peter was startled. "Is this flour poisonous?" 
Keira shook her head. "It's not poisonous, but it's very difficult to digest. It would stay a long time in the stomach before it could be digested. The maid never used this flour before when making dumplings. She suddenly switched yesterday because she wrapped poison inside before feeding them to Father!" 
Keira looked toward Jenkins, "The flour wrapping the poison is hard to digest. I asked the butler, and in the afternoon, my dad was too busy to drink much water. The coffee Jenkins brought over just happened to promote gastrointestinal motility. It was like the final straw that broke the camel's back. My father coughed and spilled his coffee precisely because of this. Afterward, when Jenkins cleaned up the coffee stain, the toxins acted up. All of these were coincidences." 
Jenkins hadn't expected that Keira would clear her name in just one night. She gratefully looked toward Keira. 
Meanwhile, Peter stared at Keira, bewildered. "Little sister, you didn't go out yesterday. How did you find this out? I went to the maid's home and didn't get anything out of it..." 
Keira gave him a look of resignation. "The moment I knew the maid took leave to go home, I suspected something was off. I had someone investigate, but so much time had passed, and she had surely vanished... My only option was to start looking at the ingredients in the kitchen." 
Peter slapped his forehead. "I'm such an idiot. I actually went around asking her relatives last night, trying to find out where she went vacationing, and none of them knew." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Peter was as foolish as ever. 
Keira looked toward Jenkins again. "You were wronged. The Olsen family owes you an apology." 
Jenkins immediately shook her head. "The Olsen family didn't mistreat me. I voluntarily stayed last night to participate in the investigation, and I was the prime suspect. I couldn't help but suspect myself, so I never blamed the Olsen family." 
Standing by and witnessing the situation, Susan was anything but calm. She looked angrily at the people before her, seething as she saw their harmonious interaction. She suddenly turned toward Peter and shouted, "Peter, no matter what, I saved your life. You can't treat me like this!!" 
Peter paused for a moment and sighed. 
Just then, Jenkins, enduring for so long, suddenly started swaying. 
The lack of oxygen from being submerged in water for a long time finally took effect. Now that her name was cleared, she relaxed, and the whole room went dark before she collapsed. 
Peter instinctively caught her and, in the process, accidentally pulled up her sleeve, revealing her arm. 
Just like that, he saw the burn scar on Jenkins's arm. 
Peter was stunned. 
He looked at the burn incredulously. 
His mind flashed back to the girl who had dragged him out of the car years ago, whose arm had been burnt by the hot exterior of the car. 
He vaguely remembered when everything in front of him was a blur of crimson. He could see nothing clearly. Someone from the ambulance crew arrived and exclaimed, "Miss, you have a burn on your arm!" 
"What does this little wound count for? Save him first!" the girl had said. 
Her voice seemed to blend with Jenkins's...
###Chapter 586
586 Chapter 585 
Peter looked at Jenkins in shock. 
Several of Jenkins's past remarks suddenly flashed through his mind. 
"Considering that I saved your life…" 
"Do you treat everyone who saves your life like this?" 
"Peter, this is what you owe me!" 
"…" 
Each of her inexplicable statements seemed to make sense at this moment, making Peter suspicious. 
He carefully helped Jenkins up, then suddenly turned his gaze toward Susan. 
Susan was still sobbing. "Peter, you can't treat me like this. I am your lifesaver! Peter..." 
Peter abruptly picked up Jenkins and looked directly at Susan, asking harshly, "Are you really my lifesaver?" 
Susan was taken aback, then quickly regained composure. "What do you mean by that?" 
Before she could finish her sentence, Peter no longer paid her any attention. Instead, he carried Jenkins out and called, "Doctor! Fetch the family doctor!" 
He only had a vague suspicion, but everything would have to wait until Jenkins woke up! 
Since Uncle Olsen had been poisoned, the Olsen family's doctor had been on standby at home. Hearing the call, he quickly arrived. 
After examining Jenkins, the doctor looked at Peter, who was anxious. 
Peter immediately asked, "How is she? Does she need to go to the hospital?" 
The family doctor sighed. "It's just a lack of oxygen, nothing serious. We have the equipment at home." 
Peter was shocked. "A lack of oxygen can cause unconsciousness? She hasn't woken up after such a long time!" 
The family doctor twitched his lips. "She must have been frightened last night and hardly slept. She was already in a state of extreme panic, and after nearly drowning and suffering from lack of oxygen, she was told she was clear of suspicion. She just relaxed all at once, and that's when she collapsed. I suspect Miss Jenkins is now sleeping. Just let her rest well for a day!" 
Only then did Peter relax. 
He took Jenkins straight to his bedroom, found a maid to change her clothes, dry her hair, and put her in pajamas before putting her in his bed. 
Having done all this, Peter finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
The butler beside asked, "Young Master Peter, you also haven't slept all night. If Jenkins is sleeping here, where will you sleep?" 
Peter pointed to the sofa in the room. "I'll just crash on the sofa for a bit. If Jenkins wakes up, call me right away." 
"Alright." 
After Susan left, crying and wailing, Keira finally went downstairs for some breakfast. 
Soon after, Lewis also came down. 
As their eyes met, Keira sighed softly. "I want to visit the Martin family." 
The poison that Uncle Olsen had ingested came from the Martin family, and this matter required confirmation from old Mr. Martin. Furthermore, she wondered if he would forgive her if she admitted her mistakes now and confessed to the lie she told at the banquet. 
Lewis immediately said, "I'll go with you." 
Keira simply nodded. 
After a quick breakfast, they drove straight to the Martin family residence. 
Old Mr. Martin and Scott came out to greet them. Seeing the two, old Mr. Martin smiled. "The equipment will take one more day to be delivered; why the rush today?" 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a look, just about to speak when old Mr. Martin laughed. "Is it about the poison, Seven Days?" 
Keira hesitated. 
Lewis said, "The Seven Days, did you give it to Vera?" 
Old Mr. Martin nodded. "Yes." 
Lewis directly asked, "Why?" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "The words you spoke at the engagement party ruined Vera and Scott's wedding. I must give her an explanation." 
After that, he looked at Keira with a smile. "Aren't you my granddaughter? Then there's nothing to be anxious about. Once the equipment arrives and we conduct the DNA test, I'll give you the antidote. For your father, it'll merely be a tonic that strengthens his constitution. It won't harm him." 
After that, he looked at Keira with a smile. "Aren't you my granddaughter? Then there's nothing to be anxious about. Once the equipment arrives and we conduct the DNA test, I'll give you the antidote. For your father, it'll merely be a tonic that strengthens his constitution. It won't harm him." 
Keira immediately asked, "And if I'm not your granddaughter?" 
"Don't talk nonsense. How could you possibly not be?" Old Mr. Martin chuckled cunningly. "Besides, if you really aren't, I need to offer an explanation to Miss Vera. In that case, the poison becomes my gesture of allegiance to her." 
Keira instantly understood old Mr. Martin's intention. 
If she wasn't his granddaughter, he would immediately become an ally of Vera, but since he offended her at the engagement party, he would have to do something to please her. 
That would be to kill Uncle Olsen! 
Uncle Olsen was an important figure in the Olsen family and was Keira's biggest support in Crera. His death would be a significant loss for the Olsen family! 
Keira took a deep breath. 
How cunning and sly! 
She had thought that she and Lewis had fooled the old man with their actions at the engagement party, but she hadn't expected that in the end, he still left himself an out! 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Old Mr. Martin then said, "Of course, such a scenario shouldn't occur, right? Keera, you're my granddaughter, aren't you?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She wasn't! 
But facing old Mr. Martin, she simply couldn't say it out loud. 
She had no choice... 
Keira and Lewis bid old Mr. Martin farewell. 
Scott saw the two of them to the parking lot, and Keira looked at him, wanting to say something, yet knowing she couldn't because of Scott's special status. 
She hadn't gotten engaged to him; he was to live with Vera in the future. If she asked for his help, how would he and Vera get along afterward? 
As Keira was pondering, Scott said, "I don't know the composition of that poison; only Grandpa knows it." 
Keira was startled. 
Scott then regretfully said, "Erin actually invented that poison, but as you should already know, some of those seven deadly substances are stored at my house. Since they can be mixed into a unique poison, each substance is kept separate. When we mix medicines, we take out the same amount of each ingredient and mix them with a random composition. We take away half as poison, and the remaining half becomes the antidote. Therefore, except for the poisoner, even my grandfather can't state the mixture." 
Hearing that, Keira inhaled deeply. "I see." 
Scott then patted her shoulder. "But you're my cousin, right? If you really are, Grandpa won't treat you like that..." 
Keira managed a bitter smile without speaking. 
Suddenly, Lewis said, "Why don't you show Scott a picture of your mother? I want to confirm if she's the daughter of old Mr. Martin." 
Upon hearing this, Keira was stunned. "What do you mean?" 
Lewis then said, "You have only ever mentioned your grandmother and never your grandfather. Doesn't that strike you as odd?" 
Keira couldn't help but laugh. "Indeed, it's odd, but that doesn't mean I should suspect that old Mr. Martin is my grandfather, right?" 
Lewis asked, "Why not try?" 
"Alright then." 
With that thought, Keira took out her phone, found a picture of her mother, Jodie South, and handed it to Scott. 
When Scott saw the photo, his eyes immediately widened. "She looks like her!"
###Chapter 587
587 Chapter 586: The Truth! 
Keira and Lewis were immediately delighted. "Really?" 
Scott nodded. "Yes, very much! Although the photo of your mother is from when she was over forty years old, she looks incredibly like Grandpa's first love!" 
Keira said, "So, you mean to say that my grandmother might actually be your grandfather's first love?" 
Scott nodded. 
Just as Keira wanted to say something, Lewis suddenly produced another photo and handed it to Scott. "Then what do you think about this one?" 
Keira glanced at it and realized it was a photo of Rebecca's mother, Mrs. Allen. 
She had investigated Mrs. Allen's background. How could she possibly be… 
Before she could finish the thought, she heard Scott say, "Yes, she looks like her, too!" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Mrs. Allen and Jodie South looked completely different, didn't they? 
How could they look alike? 
As she hesitated, she saw Lewis find another photo of a forty-year-old female online celebrity and pass it to Scott. 
Scott said, "Yes, that also looks like her!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She twitched the corner of her mouth, finally realizing something. "Are you face-blind to Creran people?" 
Scott immediately said, "I can recognize you." 
Keira was speechless. 
Many people had this issue. For instance, Creran people felt foreigners all had big eyes and distinct facial features. If there wasn't a significant difference in appearance, it was hard to tell two such people apart after meeting them only once or twice. 
She suddenly sighed. 
Lewis then patted her shoulder. "Don't be scared. I've already sent people to look into it. If they can help old Mr. Martin find his daughter, then using that lead to exchange for an antidote should also be possible." 
Keira nodded. 
As the two of them were about to leave, they heard a mocking voice. "Old Mr. Martin has been searching in Crera for so many years without any success. Are you two certain that within seven days… actually, you only have six days now, you can find his daughter?" 
As the two of them were about to leave, they heard a mocking voice. "Old Mr. Martin has been searching in Crera for so many years without any success. Are you two certain that within seven days… actually, you only have six days now, you can find his daughter?" 
It was Vera! 
Upon seeing her, Keira immediately showed an angry expression. 
She rushed up to Vera, trying to grab her collar, but unexpectedly, the next moment, Vera stepped back and blocked Keira's attack! 
The two of them immediately scuffled. Within a mere ten seconds, they had exchanged several dozen moves. Finally, Keira spotted a flaw in Vera's moves, circled around to her back, and locked onto her throat! 
Vera scoffed coldly. "Kill me, and you can forget about getting the antidote!" 
Keira immediately let go of her. "If my father dies, I'll kill you!" 
Still arrogant, Vera spoke with a tone of condescending pity. "We'll see if he's worth it or if you even have the capability! Keera, you've grown up in a place like Crera without any special training. What do you have to compete with me? I advise you to withdraw now to avoid losing further! After losing your mother, you'll lose your father as well! It would be too tragic." 
Leaving behind those harsh words, Vera burst into a long laugh as she left. 
Her demeanor was exceptionally arrogant! 
Keira watched her leave, a murderous intent flashing in her eyes. 
When Keira returned to the Olsen residence with Lewis, she overheard crying from the living room. 
As soon as they entered, they found Susan, with her head down, wiping away tears. 
Beside her was the young man who had accompanied her shopping at the mall. He was now angrily staring at Peter's parents. "Where is your son? Where is Peter? My sister saved his life; how can he just call off the engagement like that? Does he think the Simpson family has no one to answer to?" 
The man suddenly stood up, pointing at them. "Today, the Olsen family must give us an explanation! My sister risked her own life to save Peter, and she still bears a burn scar on her arm. Is this how Peter repays my sister?" 
Mr. Olsen furrowed his eyebrows. "While that was a huge favor, marriage isn't the only way to repay her. There could be another form of compensation!" 
10:08 
Peter's mother then looked toward Susan. "Susan, I know Peter did wrong by you, but two people who don't love each other will only be unhappy together. Just think about it. Would you consider another option? The Olsen family will definitely give you ample compensation!" 
Susan raised her head to glance upstairs. "Where is Peter? Why doesn't he come down and talk to me himself?" 
The man nodded in agreement. "Yes, let that scumbag Peter come down and talk to us face to face!" 
Mr. Olsen sighed. "Susan, you can't force love, and besides, it seems you and our family might not be well-suited. Maybe you and Peter aren't meant to be together. You haven't even joined us formally, and you've already had unpleasant altercations with several family members. Maybe it's best if we call off this marriage. Name your terms. As long as it's not too outrageous, we'll agree! After all, you did save Peter's life." 
Upon hearing this, Susan bit her lip. "I don't want money..." 
"I know you care for Peter, which is why I said we would compensate you... If you don't know what to ask, how about... we give you cash, like one million? How about that?" 
To an ordinary family, that was an astronomical sum that they couldn't earn in a lifetime. It was a significant amount to offer Susan. 
Yet, Susan still hung her head low. 
Her "brother" immediately shouted. "What? Is your son's life only worth one million in your eyes? Isn't the Olsen Group valued at tens of billions? I heard that Peter holds 5% of the shares in your company, which amounts to... fifty billion?" 
This statement stunned Mr. Olsen. "What are you talking about?" 
Behaving like a rascal, the man blurted out, "Isn't his life worth fifty billion? Fine, we won't ask for much, just half of that amount. Transfer twenty-five billion to my sister's account today, and we'll leave without another word!" 
Twenty-five billion... 
That astronomical figure dumbfounded the Olsens! 
Mr. Olsen's eyebrows knit together. "We don't have that kind of money at hand..." 
"You don't have it? It seems you just don't want to pay!" The man shouted, "If you don't want to pay, just say so. You asked us to name our terms... You really are hypocrites! Since that's the case, there's nothing left to discuss. The Olsen Group's stocks are valuable, aren't they? I wonder what impact it would have if news of this were to get out! Abandoning a wife in dire straits and forsaking a life-saver, is that the kind of values the Olsen family teaches?" 
This comment made Mr. Olsen go pale. 
Meanwhile, Peter was still asleep upstairs. 
Suddenly, he woke up with a start as he faintly heard the argument below. He got up, intending to go out and see when Jenkins stirred and woke up as well. 
Peter immediately halted in his tracks. 
He went straight to Jenkins and asked the question that weighed heaviest on his mind. "Were you the one who saved me from that car accident?"
###Chapter 588
588 Chapter 587 
The Olsen family's living room was now a picture of solemnity. 
Peter's parents looked at Susan and her brother in disbelief. 
Both suspected they had misheard the young man. 
Had Susan's brother just threatened them? 
Mr. Olsen then turned to look at Susan. "Do you agree with him?" 
Susan immediately replied, "Of course not." 
Mr. Olsen breathed a sigh of relief, only to hear Susan say, "Half the amount? That's not enough. I want all of it! Fifty billion, not a penny less. Otherwise… I might just step outside and tell the reporters Uncle Olsen hasn't recovered from his serious illness!" 
The news of Uncle Olsen's illness hadn't been made public yet, for he was currently the head of the Olsen family. Once word got out, the Olsen family's shares would certainly be in turmoil. 
Moreover, he had been poisoned... 
Mr. Olsen was even more furious now, his finger trembling as he pointed at Susan. 
Peter's mother also stood up. "Don't push us too far!" 
Susan sighed. "How is this pushing too far? All it would take is for Peter to marry me, and all of this would go away, but he refuses to marry me now!" 
On the surface, Susan appeared calm, but inside, she was panicking. 
Following the orders of Fox, she had been working undercover in the Olsen family because Fox had given her a poison, which needed an antidote each month to neutralize it. 
Failing to complete her task meant no antidote. 
Her current assignment was to marry Peter, disturb the peace among the Olsen brothers, and become an adversary to Keera. Susan would sow discord between Keera and her brothers at home, effectively dissolving the Olsen family's influence and preventing them from being a support to Keera. 
Yet she hadn't expected the Olsen brothers to trust their sister unconditionally. Despite her many attempts at inciting discord, she hadn't succeeded even once! 
Her only option was to marry Peter, but she never expected that, at the very last moment, Peter would have regrets! How could that happen? 
A new month was upon her, and without the antidote, she would die from the poison! 
Thinking of this, Susan looked up again, her eyes pitiful as she turned to Mr. Olsen, "Peter has fallen for another woman. He got engaged to me and proposed to me, but he was enchanted by that seductress, Jenkins. His heart has changed. He has wronged me…" 
Susan walked up to Mr. Olsen and suddenly knelt down. "Uncle, I don't want the money. I just want Peter to come back to me. Could you please persuade him not to abandon me for Jenkins…" 
Mr. Olsen had just been threatened, and now Susan was begging him, so he frowned and looked toward the butler, "Where did Peter go?" 
The butler glanced at Susan carefully before answering, "He's sleeping in the bedroom…" 
Mr. Olsen then looked at Susan. "Susan, we can talk about anything. You see, he's sleeping, not bewitched by any seductress as you claimed. Maybe it's all a big misunderstanding." 
Susan shifted her gaze to the butler. "Where is Jenkins?" 
The butler glanced at Mr. Olsen. 
Mr. Olsen was taken aback. "Answer the question." 
The butler then coughed. "She's sleeping in Mr. Peter's room." 
"What?!" 
Mr. Olsen stood up abruptly. "That ungrateful creature! Has he changed his heart? Is he a cheater?" 
He blurted out, "Susan, don't be agitated. I'll fetch him immediately and give him a good beating!" 
No sooner had he finished speaking than Peter's mother sighed. "Hold on. Don't go just yet. Get the full story first." 
Mr. Olsen's chest heaved with fury. 
Peter's mother then looked at Susan. "Why did Peter suddenly want to cancel the engagement?" 
Susan's eyes flickered. 
Peter's mother then turned to the butler. "You tell us." 
Although the butler hadn't been in the room at that moment, he had seen the surveillance footage afterward and roughly knew what had happened. He looked at Susan and laid out the truth. 
When they heard that Susan had actually attempted to drown Jenkins, Mr. Olsen was shocked to his core. His wife frowned as well, rebuking, "The Olsen family may have been raised in luxury, but we don't kill people! Miss Simpson, for you to commit such an act and then try to pin it on Peter, that's truly shameless!" 
Mr. Olsen also frowned. "Just because you were jealous and just because Peter showed some kindness toward Jenkins, you did that to her? Miss Simpson, was it out of jealousy? Or was it to murder and silence Jenkins?" 
There was heavy suspicion in Mr. Olsen's tone. 
Susan was taken aback. "What do you mean?" 
"The one who poisoned my younger brother has yet to be found. If Jenkins died and with your and the maid's testimonies, she would become the murderer, but it would allow the true culprit to escape justice!" 
Mr. Olsen was no fool; he had quickly thought through the entire situation and fixed his gaze on Susan. "So, Miss Simpson, what exactly are you implying?" 
Susan panicked. "Uncle, do you suspect me as well? I was just jealous." 
As she said this, she suddenly stood up, and her demeanor completely changed. "The Olsen family must give me an explanation today. Otherwise, I won't leave! I saved Peter's life before. I could lay down my life for him. How could I possibly do something to harm the Olsen family?" 
Mr. Olsen was momentarily taken aback upon hearing this. 
Indeed, if Susan could risk her life to save Peter, how could she possibly act against the Olsen family? 
Just as this thought crossed his mind, Peter's voice came from upstairs…
###Chapter 589
589 Chapter 588 
"You say you saved me? Susan, you deceived me!" 
This angry rebuke echoed down from the second-floor corridor, making everyone turn their heads, only to see Peter helping a frail Jenkins down the stairs. 
At that moment, Peter's eyes seemed to be spitting fire as he stared at Susan, and he was at the peak of his rage. 
Stunned by his words, Susan faltered, "Peter, what do you mean by that?" 
"What do I mean?" 
Peter snorted with ridicule. "When you 'saved' me years ago, you said something. Do you remember?" 
Susan was startled. "What?" 
Peter said, "You don't remember? Then you are definitely not the one who saved me!" 
Susan quickly said, "How could that be... It's just that… so much time has passed, and I forgot!" 
Peter sneered. "Susan, you really know how to pretend! I can't believe you have fooled me for so long!" 
Feeling cornered, Susan suddenly became frantic and stamped her foot. "Peter, don't be ridiculous! Are you denying what I did for you because of this woman now?" 
Her brother immediately said, "Look at you, Peter. There are reporters outside right now. We can go out and expose the Olsens! We'll accuse you of being ungrateful!" 
Peter snorted again. "Expose me? You might as well save it to tell the police!" 
The moment he said this, both Susan and her brother were dumbfounded. "What do you mean?" 
Peter then declared, "I've already called the police. You tried to murder Jenkins, and the Olsen family's surveillance captured the entire process! You can explain the rest to the police!" 
Upon hearing this, Susan let out a gasp of shock. She glanced at her brother and immediately tried to flee toward the entrance. "I can't be taken away! Peter, you're an absolute jerk!" 
If the police took her, she would suffer from the poison while in custody, and then there would be no chance of finding an antidote! 
Therefore, Susan had to escape immediately! 
Unfortunately, just as she reached the door, she was caught by Keira and Lewis, who had just entered. Susan went to attack Keira first. 
However, she hadn't even touched Keira when she was kicked away with a swift blow! 
Susan's meager fighting skills might work against Jenkins, but how could she compare her speed and strength with Keira? 
It was an utterly foolish attempt on Susan's part! 
After kicking her down, Keira casually stood at the entrance. "Susan, you're not getting away today." 
Susan fell to the ground. In pain, she bent over and was unable to stand up straight. She looked at Peter. "Peter, how could you do this to me... You can't treat me like this... I'm your savior..." 
Peter chuckled coldly. "Even now, you're still lying!" 
He pointed at Jenkins. "The person who saved me back then was Jenkins, not you!" 
Susan was stunned. "What are you talking about?" 
Jenkins said calmly, "I've always been in the dark. All this time, you abused the gratitude I was owed, but it was actually mine to claim!" 
Jenkins looked toward Susan. "That day at the scene of the car accident, the person who pulled Peter out of that car was me!" 
Susan's pupils constricted. "That's impossible... It can't be! You're lying. You must be lying!" 
Susan, indeed, hadn't saved anyone. She had heard in the hospital that Peter was looking for his lifesaver, and since the real savior was absent, she falsely took the credit. 
Never did she expect Peter's savior to be Jenkins. 
How could this be... 
How could the world be so small? 
Susan collapsed on the ground, knowing that this time, she had completely lost all chance... 
Peter might have appeared simple, but the Olsens were certainly not to be trifled with... With such a grave mistake, they would surely not let her off easily... 
She swallowed hard, her fists trembling nervously. Desperately, she crawled before Peter. "Peter, she's the liar. I was the one who saved you. You can't do this to me..." 
"Really?" 
Peter bent down and grabbed Susan's arm, revealing a scar. 
It looked like a burn mark, but when Peter pressed on it, the supposed scar peeled right off! 
It wasn't a burn at all but a makeup prop! 
Peter looked at her coldly. "If it was you, then how do you explain this scar?" 
Susan was completely at a loss for words. 
Peter went on. "Whatever you have to say, save it. Tell it to the police. They'll be here any minute." 
"No, please, no!" 
Susan suddenly became agitated, her gaze darting to everyone present as she burst out shouting. "You can't treat me this way! You can't!" 
Just then, Ellis happened to walk down from the upstairs. 
He had heard the commotion in the living room. 
As soon as he reached the bottom of the stairs, he heard Susan suddenly shout, "Do you know your eldest brother can't have children anymore? It was me who poisoned him! Hahaha..."
###Chapter 590
590 Chapter 589 
Peter tensed up upon hearing this and turned his head. 
Susan was shouting at them. "Even if you make me go to jail, I won't let you off!" 
She acted somewhat out of control, feeling fear-stricken at the thought of Fox's poison. Her lie had been exposed, and it seemed like she could finally reveal her true self. 
When Keira heard this, she frowned. "What?" 
Susan started laughing. "Do you know that the azoospermia report for Ellis was all orchestrated by Fox? After you exposed that conspiracy, Fox then had me poison him! He'll never be able to have children in his life!" 
Susan laughed uproariously. 
She knew she couldn't escape this predicament. Now that the lie about saving Peter was exposed, Peter's perception of her was no longer filtered, and the way he looked at her was filled with hatred. 
She was doomed. 
If death were imminent, then she would take a few down with her! 
After she shouted these words, she looked toward Keira, "All of this is because of you! Keera, do you know? It was all your fault! Wasn't your first mission to make Ellis marry Mary? To prevent you from completing this mission, Fox cooked up that report on azoospermia! Keera, you're a calamity! It's you who brought disaster upon the Olsen family, and I came to the Olsen family because of you! You're the reason I got together with that idiot Peter!" 
Upon hearing this, Keira was stunned. 
She slowly turned her head and saw Ellis's expression. 
She quickly said, "Call the family doctor!" 
The family doctor arrived promptly. After examining Ellis, he frowned. "Mr. Ellis has indeed been poisoned, and while it's a bit exaggerated to say he'll never be able to have children in his lifetime, it's true for at least the next five or maybe ten years." 
This statement made Ellis sway. 
He couldn't help but look dazedly toward the bedroom upstairs... He was somehow glad that Mary wasn't here. 
Azoospermia... 
Previously, he had been misled to suspect Mary and hurt her. Now, this must be retribution. He really couldn't have children... 
Ellis went limp. 
Seeing this, Keira felt somewhat distressed. "Ellis..." 
"I'm okay. Don't worry. Continue with the interrogation. I'll go upstairs to rest for a bit..." 
Ellis slowly ascended the stairs. 
Watching him from behind, Keira couldn't help but feel puzzled. 
Didn't he know that Mary was still pregnant? 
It had been three and a half months! 
Mary's belly was already showing! 
... 
Upstairs. 
Mary was also looking at her lower abdomen with concern. 
The bump was becoming noticeable, yet the child's father hadn't asked her a single question. Since she chose to forgive Ellis and returned home, she had been unsure of how to broach the topic of the child; thus, she had never brought it up. 
But absurdly, Ellis looked at her belly every day, preferring to believe she had just gained weight, never suspecting the truth! 
Even this morning, he had touched her belly and exclaimed, "The confinement really does make one plump; this belly of yours feels quite pleasant to the touch." 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
Mary didn't know what to say. 
Just as she was pondering how to tell Ellis the truth, the door was pushed open, and Ellis entered. 
Mary immediately stood up. 
She looked straight at Ellis. "Why are you back?" 
Ellis sat down next to her and hesitantly looked at her before his gaze fell on her stomach. 
Ellis asked, "Do you like children?" 
Mary immediately became nervous. Had he noticed something? 
She cradled her abdomen with both hands, her face shining with a mother's glow, and she blurted out, "I do. Don't you?" 
Ellis was momentarily stunned. He wanted to say he did, too. He had once anticipated their own child, but after losing the first one, he never dared to say those words again. 
His eyes even reddened slightly. 
Tears slid from the corners of his eyes as he murmured dejectedly, "Mary..." 
"Hmm?" 
"Can we... could we have a child when we're forty?" 
"What?" 
Ellis was in extreme pain, his tears rolling down as he said, "I didn't want that child, and that's why we lost the chance to have one. I'll never be able to have children in this lifetime. If I could go back one month, I definitely wouldn't have made such a stupid mistake..." 
Mary didn't quite understand, and her expression darkened. "What do you mean? You don't want children?" 
Ellis shook his head. "It's not that I don't want them, but rather... I can't have them... I've been poisoned... The azoospermia last time was a lie, but this time... it's true..." 
Mary was perplexed. 
Upon hearing this, she didn't know whether to cry or laugh! 
She couldn't help but give Ellis a little shove. "Anyway, I have some good news to share with you." 
Ellis asked, "What is it?" 
He stood up and wiped away his tears. 
Seeing this, Mary took his hand and gently placed it on her belly. "Feel this carefully. Do you know what's here?" 
Ellis was confused. 
His eyes widened slowly, and he stared at Mary in disbelief... 
Downstairs. 
Susan was still ranting arrogantly. "Ellis has no children, so the heir of the family has no descendants, and the competition for the next heir should start again! Haha, the Olsen family is finished!" 
Hearing that, Mr. Olsen shook slightly. "What did you say?!" 
Ellis was his eldest son. When it was first said that Ellis was sterile, Mr. Olsen was somewhat unable to accept it. After barely discovering that it was a false alarm, they ended up losing the child. 
But now, this woman said his son couldn't have children again! 
Mr. Olsen clutched at his chest, feeling as though he could hardly breathe! 
Susan then shouted, "Uncle, are you filled with hatred now? You should hate Keera! She's the one who caused turmoil in your house! Hahaha!!!" 
Mr. Olsen was gasping for breath. 
His wife also clenched her fists tightly. 
Both of them turned their gaze to "Keera"... 
They knew it wasn't right to blame "Keera", but Susan's words still stung. 
They knew that the person in charge of the family was Uncle Olsen. Uncle Olsen never had children, and when choosing an heir, the family also went through some turmoil. 
Ultimately, Uncle Olsen took Ellis in his arms to raise him as the heir to placate the situation. 
If Ellis also had no descendants, they didn't dare to imagine the consequences! 
But at that moment, Keira suddenly said, "Who says Ellis won't have children?"
###Chapter 591
591 Chapter 590 
As soon as Keira spoke, everyone was shocked. 
Susan looked at Keira in disbelief, "What did you say?" 
Mr. and Mrs. Olsen also looked at her in astonishment. "Keera, what did you mean by that?" 
Keira glanced at Susan and Ellis before lowering her eyes. "Mary has been pregnant for three and a half months now." 
That statement left everyone extremely shocked. 
Mr. Olsen couldn't help but tremble as he spoke, "Really?" 
Keira just nodded. 
Mrs. Olsen frowned. "How could this be? Over three months... Does that mean Mary didn't have the abortion?" 
"That's right." 
Keira sighed. "At that time, I accidentally discovered Ellis had bought abortion pills, so I switched them out." 
Mrs. Olsen burst into a cry of laughter, "Why didn't you say it earlier?! We've been thinking this whole time that Mary couldn't forgive your brother because of that child..." 
Mr. Olsen added. "Yeah, I've been so distressed over that child recently, but I didn't dare to say anything, fearing it would upset your brother." 
Keira smiled, and Mrs. Olsen said, "I knew it! When Mary came back this time, her belly seemed to be showing. Your brother insisted she just gained weight and kept reminding me not to mention it in case it upset Mary. He's such an idiot..." 
Her eyes were brimming with tears. 
Any small bit of reproach she had toward "Keera" just vanished in an instant, and she even felt guilty for having blamed "Keera" earlier. 
How could she have followed along with what Susan said and put the blame on Keera? 
That really wasn't right! 
Mrs. Olsen grasped her hand. "Keera, you saved that child. You saved Ellis's baby, which means you saved my grandchild. From now on, you are that second branch's lifesaver!" 
After saying that, she wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes and turned to look at Susan and her brother. "I'll leave them to you to deal with. I'm going upstairs to see Mary... Ah, I have to prepare an extra meal for her tonight. Seeing how she had a good appetite usually, I worried she would gain weight, but it turns out she's eating for two people now. I won't ask her to go on a diet anymore!" 
Mrs. Olsen considered Mary her daughter. After all, she never had a daughter. 
Since Mary and Ellis got back together and moved back in, whenever she saw Mary eating, she felt nervous and even gently reminded Mary to keep an eye on her figure because her belly was getting rounder. 
Mrs. Olsen went upstairs. 
She was emotional and exchanged glances with her husband, both somewhat unsure what to do. 
Their son must know this good news by now, right? 
As the two were hesitating outside the door, inside, Ellis was also in a dilemma... 
How was he going to tell his wife, "You've gained some weight around your waist"?! 
Mary looked at him with expectant eyes. "Why are you silent? What's wrong?" 
Ellis hesitated for a moment before speaking up. "Well, a bit of weight is nice." 
Mary was dumbfounded. 
Seeing her freeze, Ellis immediately changed his phrasing. "I'm not criticizing you. I mean, chubby girls are quite cute..." 
Mary was speechless. 
Ellis quickly added, "No, I mean, Mary, what do you want me to say? Maybe give me a hint? I really don't know..." 
Mary didn't know what to say, 
Mary couldn't help but smile wryly, finding Ellis such an idiot. 
Just as she was about to speak, Ellis said, "Actually, I really can't have kids now, and I should divorce you instead. You like children so much, so you definitely can't bear a lifetime without kids. I shouldn't keep you from that... But Mary, after what happened last time, I think spouses should be truthful with each other. There shouldn't be any secrets, so whether to divorce or not is your choice. If you despise me... we can divorce..." 
As Ellis said this, his stomach sank. 
Seeing this, Mary couldn't help but smile wryly. She deliberately frowned. "Are you trying to abandon me and the child?" 
Ellis immediately waved his hands. "I'm not. How could I possibly abandon you and... what?!" 
Ellis finally caught on, looking down incredulously at Mary's belly... 
What did Mary just say? 
The child?! 
He stared dumbfounded at Mary's belly, speechless for a moment before swallowing and asking, "Mary, does this mean..." 
He placed his hands on Mary's abdomen, gently caressing it. 
Mary nodded. "Yes, our child. It's not gone..." 
Tears instantly filled Ellis's eyes. 
He stared at Mary's belly and then finally said, "We are having a child..." 
After saying that, he sighed, "Although we can only have one child, maybe for the rest of our lives, that's enough. Mary, though I wanted one boy and one girl, it's perfect now. Do you want a boy or a girl?" 
Then he laughed, "No matter what we have, I'll love them... I don't have any preference for one gender over the other. In our family, we feel the same. Everyone will treasure a girl even more as if she were a rare gem." 
Hearing that, Mary couldn't help but smile. "Can't we have both?"
###Chapter 592
592 Chapter 591 
Ellis was stunned once again. "What?" 
He was usually quite calm, but today, he was shocked twice in a row. 
He slowly looked up at Mary in disbelief. 
Mary said, "Yes, we're having twins, and the checkup shows it should be one boy and one girl." 
Ellis was flabbergasted. 
After a moment of silence, he suddenly stood up, wanting to reach out and touch Mary's belly, but he hesitated, swallowed, and cautiously looked at her abdomen. "Twins?" 
"Yes." 
"Mary, are you a fairy sent from heaven to save me?" 
Ellis rushed to the door, opened it, and was about to share the great news with everyone when he saw his parents tumble in. 
It turned out the two had been eavesdropping outside the door all along... 
A wave of jubilation swept through them. 
But soon, they calmed down. 
Mrs. Olsen looked at Mary. "Sweetheart, why didn't you tell us earlier? Ellis and I were both misled!" 
Mary smiled and said, "At first, I didn't know how to break the news, and later, Keera told me not to announce it to the public yet for the safety of the children." 
Upon hearing that, everyone's expression changed drastically. 
Previously, Ellis was accused of being sterile, which was clearly a setup, and now Susan was trying to poison Ellis to settle matters once and for all. 
If Mary had indeed announced her pregnancy the day she returned home, it was very likely Susan would have targeted her, not Ellis! 
Mrs. Olsen immediately nodded. "You did the right thing! To stop Ellis from having children with his wife, they would normally poison Ellis because even if the wife is poisoned, he could still have children with someone else. But your situation is different..." 
Mr. Olsen also nodded. "Then let's not announce it to the public. We'll just say she's not pregnant and that Ellis is physically unfit. Let him deal with those affairs." 
Ellis couldn't help but smile bitterly. "That way, I might become a laughingstock in my circle." 
Mrs. Olsen shot a glare at him. "What's more important, your ego or Mary and the children?" 
Ellis didn't know what to say. 
Mrs. Olsen then held Mary's hand. "Mary, you have to be careful." 
Mary smiled at her. "Mom, I want to have ribs tonight. You won't stop me anymore, will you?" 
This made Mrs. Olsen blush. "How could I? Of course not! I'll cook it for you myself! From now on, I'll prepare all your meals, and we'll just say we want you to lose weight..." 
While the family of four was discussing, downstairs, Keira looked at Peter and Jenkins. "Don't announce the news of Mary's pregnancy. Understood?" 
Peter and Jenkins immediately nodded. "Understood." 
Peter then frowned and looked at Susan and her brother. "Keera, you shouldn't have revealed your identity in front of them..." 
"It's okay." 
Keira slowly crouched down, looking at Susan. "The two of them won't have a chance to pass on messages to the outside world anymore!" 
Peter was startled, "How come?" 
No sooner had he spoken than the butler strode in. "Miss, representatives from the authorities have arrived!" 
Susan immediately became alert and looked at Keira. "You called the police? But even if they arrest me, Fox won't spare you! Just wait. Your father is going to die!" 
Keira looked down. "Let me remind you, this is Crera!" 
Susan narrowed her eyes. "So what?" 
"In Crera, everyone must abide by the law, including Fox! That's also why she didn't dare to kill people with her own hands, even when plotting against Nara's family. Instead, she lured Gary's mother. She dared not leave behind any evidence of murder because murder leads to prison! I'm not sure what the South family trained me and Fox for, but if she goes to prison, Fox would lose, wouldn't she?" 
Keira enunciated each word, making Susan's pupils shrink. 
Keira knew she had struck a chord and smiled. "If murder was permitted, Fox could have simply killed all obstacles. There's no need for her to go through such trouble. Therefore, Susan, I'll ensure that you and Fox reunite in a Crera prison!" 
As soon as she finished speaking, two people suddenly appeared in the doorway. 
The two individuals who came over were from a special law enforcement department belonging to the Clance security office. Susan and Fox were involved in international cases, which required that department's involvement. 
Holly was one of the responsible officers who had come over. 
Back in Oceanion, after Keira's death, she had been in deep pain, unable to continue with anything at that sad place. Seeing her condition, her parents had her transferred over to Clance. 
Holly looked at the ostentatious mansion before her, feeling completely unfazed inside. 
Her best friend was dead... 
That thought numbed her. 
The amount of pain had paralyzed her. 
"That's a coping mechanism," Holly thought, while her colleague couldn't help but complain, "With such a mansion, they must be rich. These kinds of families are most likely to cause fatalities. Be careful later; don't say the wrong thing and offend them." 
Holly gave no reaction to her colleague's comments. 
After all, she would only act according to the law. 
With these thoughts, they entered the living room. 
And there, upon seeing the person Holly had thought of day and night, she was instantly stunned.
###Chapter 593
593 Chapter 592 
Holly stared blankly at Keira. 
Her face was full of disbelief and confusion. 
She even thought she was experiencing a hallucination. 
She rubbed her eyes and looked again, but the person in front of her was still Keira! 
Holly had tears in her eyes. 
Keira hadn't expected to run into Holly here either. 
The little prude was staring at her, her eyes almost brimming with tears. Keira knew she couldn't acknowledge Holly now, but she couldn't bear lying to the latter either. 
As she was struggling with herself, she heard the other officer ask, "Who reported the incident?" 
Keira immediately snapped back to reality and said, "I did." 
Holly stared at her, clenching her fists. "Name." 
"Keera Olsen." 
Upon hearing that name, Holly's hands trembled. "Keira?" 
"Keera, with two E." 
Holly paused but still recorded it as such. Then, they conducted the routine inquiry with Keira. After getting the details, they saw the Olsen family's surveillance video, which revealed Susan's evidence of murder. 
Susan had nothing to say in her defense. 
Holly then asked Keira, "What was her motive for the crime?" 
Keira frowned and suddenly said, "She was taking orders from someone else." 
At this, Holly blinked in surprise. 
She immediately grabbed her pen. "Who is that person?" 
"Someone called Fox. Her real name is Vera, and she's currently living in the Martin residence." 
Holly asked, "Is there evidence?" 
"Yes." 
Upon hearing that, Susan sneered. "What evidence could you possibly have?" 
Keira looked at her. "Indeed, I have no evidence, but you should." 
Susan scoffed. "Even if I had any, why would I give it to you?" 
Keira looked at her. "Because only by giving it to me can you survive." 
Susan was taken aback. 
Keira went straight to the point. "You've been poisoned, haven't you?" 
Susan's expression became panicked. "How do you know?" 
"Since Jenkins mentioned calling the police, you've been very panicky, adamantly against it. Logically, even though you planned the murder, since no one was harmed, you won't face the death penalty, but you seemed as if you were facing imminent death. Plus, how could a person like Fox trust someone like you for no reason?" 
Susan wasn't a particularly intelligent person, nor did she have any special talents. She was such a vain person; how could she be working for Fox willingly? 
Unless Fox held some leverage or had control over Susan's life! 
Ellis's medical report had been altered in the hospital, and Fox seemed quite familiar with the medical system. She had also had Uncle Olsen poisoned without anyone noticing... 
Fox was an expert at using poison! 
Therefore, Keira deduced that Susan was also poisoned. 
If Fox wanted to keep control over Susan, it would be unlikely to poison Susan without providing an antidote, especially if Fox wanted Susan to do her bidding... 
Then, the poison must require an antidote at regular intervals. 
Keira thus inferred the truth! 
Hearing that, Susan became completely dazed. She had never expected the usually reticent and seemingly inconspicuous "Keera" to be so clever. She had discerned the most critical thing based on just a few words! 
Susan took a deep breath. "Since you already know, you should also know that I couldn't tell you who Fox is!" 
"No, your only chance of living is to tell us who Fox is." 
Susan blinked in confusion. "What do you mean?" 
Keira squatted in front of her. "Shall we make a deal? You provide the evidence for us to arrest Fox, and I'll put Fox and you in the same cell. That way, you'll have a chance to make contact with her." 
Only by making contact with Fox could Susan get the antidote! 
Susan's pupils constricted. "Really?" 
"Really." 
Susan hesitated. 
Keira stood up, looking down at her. "I don't know when you need your next dose, but if there's still time to hesitate, you can take your time to think about it. I don't mind..." 
Susan clenched her fists tightly. 
She stared relentlessly at Keira. 
Tomorrow was the day the poison would activate, and she came here today to complete her task! 
Now that she was caught, if she didn't get the antidote tomorrow, she would die! 
Susan panicked and looked at Keira. "Okay, I'll tell you. I have evidence!" 
She pulled out her mobile phone and said, "I have Fox's contact information! Although Fox always clears everything from my phone after contacting me, I recorded our chat logs, and they are saved in the cloud!" 
Keira's eyes immediately lit up! 
With that, they could charge Vera! 
Once Vera was in jail, the Martin family could only rely on Keira. Given Scott's nature, he wouldn't want to make an enemy of the Olsen family. 
In that way, wouldn't this predicament be resolved? 
Keira took Susan's mobile phone, "Thank you!" 
Susan stared at her. "I hope you'll keep your word! Remember to keep me in the same cell as Vera when the time comes!" 
Keira smiled. "I only said I'd put her in the same cell as you, but it seems I may have forgotten to tell you something." 
"What?" 
"Before entering the cell, there seems to be a procedure, which is a body search, to prevent the criminal from bringing anything they shouldn't into the cell..."
###Chapter 594
594 Chapter 593 
Susan's eyes widened in shock as she realized she had been tricked! 
Like a madwoman, she leaped up from the ground and charged toward Keira, reaching out to strangle the latter, "Liar, you deceived me!" 
Just as her hand was about to touch Keira, two feet suddenly kicked out, one from the left and one from the right, sending Susan flying! 
Keira looked to her left and saw Lewis. 
She then looked to the right and saw Holly. 
She coughed. 
Holly didn't look at her but waved to the people outside, "Take her away!" 
Immediately, someone came and dragged Susan out. 
Holly then turned to Keira. "Do you have anything to say to me?" 
Keira hadn't expected Holly to be so direct and sighed slightly, "Holly, I..." 
Before she could finish, Holly cut her off. "Who else do you want to arrest?" 
Keira was taken aback. "What?" 
"I'm asking, who is Fox? Don't we need to arrest them as well?" 
"..." 
Keira stared at Holly, and as their eyes met, she understood Holly's intentions. 
Holly knew that Keira was now disguised as someone else and didn't ask for reasons—she simply played along. 
Keira suddenly smiled. "Of course, we need to. We're law-abiding citizens, after all!" 
After that, she took out Susan's phone. "This has all the evidence of Fox leading people to commit crimes. With this, we can definitely catch them!" 
"Alright, let's go!" 
A large group of people marched out in a grand procession. 
Holly got into the same car as Keira. 
Once the car started moving, Holly finally looked over at her. "You're not hurt, are you?" 
"No, I'm fine." 
Keira replied, "And you? What brings you to Clance?" 
"My dad transferred me here. He said it's not good for a girl to be around corpses all the time and told me to change the environment and clear my head." 
As to why she needed to clear her head, Holly didn't say, but Keira immediately understood. 
It was because of her "death", wasn't it? 
The death of her best friend at sea must have been very hard for Holly. 
Keira had thought that her life was tough and that she had few friends. Even when living under her sister's identity, not many people cared about her. 
But unexpectedly, there were so many people who remembered her. 
She felt a sudden emotion welling up inside of her. 
As she pondered, her phone buzzed with a message. 
She took it out and saw a message from Matthew. 
Ever since the last time she had exposed his identity as Keera's Guardian, Matthew no longer contacted her in secret. He sent her a message. "It seems you already find a way to complete the third task!" 
Keira knew that, somehow, he was always monitoring her. 
She frowned her brow and replied, "Yes. After it's completed, can we then rescue my mom from the South family?" 
Matthew wrote, "I think so." 
Keira let out a slight sigh of relief, then looked back at Holly. 
To rescue her mother, she had to remain incognito and let "Keira" remain dead, but once her mother was rescued, she could come back to life... 
After all, Keira also had many good friends waiting for her return. 
Thinking of this, Keira took Holly's hand. 
The car soon arrived at the Martin residence. 
Upon seeing Keira entering with a group of special division agents, the people of the Martin family fell into a panic, and Scott frowned. "Miss Olsen, what's the meaning of this?" 
Old Mr. Martin also frowned. "Miss Keera, are you trying to sever all your ties with the Martin family?" 
Vera, who had followed out to enjoy the commotion, couldn't help but snicker. "This is really interesting... Keera, just how foolish can you be? Do you have evidence that the Martin family poisoned your father? Are you here to search the house?" 
She stepped forward toward Keira. "You even dared to call the police, which is utterly unreasonable! Do you think you'll get the antidote by arresting everyone from the Martin family?" 
She took a step back and burst into loud laughter. "Did you know? The Martin family's house in Clance has a room specifically for collecting medicine. The medicine you're looking for is in a little compartment with a thousand bottles! Can you accurately find the antidote you need from those bottles?" 
She had a smug look in her eyes. "I didn't expect you to be so dumb. Calling the police… That move really makes me laugh my head off!" 
Vera spoke arrogantly. 
Then she turned to old Mr. Martin and said, "Look at this foolish act. You still want to align with her? What good end can you expect from that? Mr. Martin, you should know how to choose now, right?" 
Keira looked steadily at her. "Are you done talking? Then it's time to make arrests!" 
As she spoke, she pointed at Vera. "She's the one known as Fox on the internet!" 
No sooner had the words left her lips than Vera's pupils suddenly shrank!
###Chapter 595
595 Chapter 594 
Vera stared at Keira, the smile on her face freezing instantly. 
She asked in disbelief, "Keera, do you think I'm going to admit it just because you say that? You can't possibly have evidence!" 
Keira narrowed her eyes and let out a cold laugh. "Susan has already betrayed you. Do you think she's that foolish? Do you think she left no evidence every time you gave her a task?" 
At this point, Keira took Susan's phone out and showed it to Vera. "Everything is here—all your chat records and messages, and even the transaction records. Vera, you won't get away with it this time!" 
Vera clenched her jaw. "That bitch!" 
Keira immediately looked at Holly. 
Holly stepped forward. "Miss Vera, we suspect you're involved in a premeditated murder case. Please come back with us for an investigation!" 
Vera clenched her fists, shaking with rage, and then sneered. "Keera, you think you can arrest me with just that bit of evidence? Let me tell you, you are too optimistic!" 
Without waiting for Keira to speak, Holly said, "Miss Vera, you're coming with us! If you dare resist, we can arrest you immediately!" 
Vera took a deep breath before extending her hands, and Holly cuffed her without hesitation. 
Then, she looked at Keira. 
Keira said, "Go ahead and take her outside. Wait for me there." 
Holly nodded and pushed Vera. "Out you go." 
Vera's gaze slid from Holly to Keira. She then realized something. "You're all in this together?" 
Holly said coldly, "Move it!" 
Struggling, but with her hands cuffed, Vera seemed to understand something and shouted, "Fine, I didn't expect you to be in cahoots! Don't touch me! I'm telling you, I don't know any Fox! I'm not that Fox!" 
Holly said, "Miss Vera, in our recent conversation, it seems we never mentioned that we would arrest Fox. How would you know we're after them?" 
Vera was speechless. 
Holly sneered and said to someone beside her, "Take note of this. It can also serve as evidence!" 
"Yes." 
As they talked, Holly pushed Vera out the door. 
Only then did Keira turn to look at the already shocked old Mr. Martin. She stepped forward and said, "Mr. Martin, Vera has been arrested. She's finished, so are you sure you still want to hold onto the antidote?" 
Old Mr. Martin's complexion changed several times before he finally said calmly, "I need to think about it." 
"All right." 
Keira said, "The poison in my father will take effect in six days. You have five days to consider." 
The frown returned to old Mr. Martin's brow. "Tonight, my testing equipment will arrive. Miss Keera, I hope you can come tomorrow so we can verify the DNA." 
Upon hearing this, Keira paused for a moment, then looked at old Mr. Martin. "Okay." 
After all, she had to explain to him why she had assumed the identity of his granddaughter. 
Tonight, she would interrogate Vera with Holly overnight to confirm her crimes. That way, even if tomorrow's test results were false, the Martin family would have no other choice but to cooperate with her! 
Thinking of this, Keira walked out the door and indeed saw Holly and Vera standing off in the distance. 
With her emotions running high, Vera was saying something while Holly laughed coldly and dismissively without a word. 
When Keira approached, Holly said, "Let's head back. According to Crera's laws, we can't resolve justice in our own hands." 
Keira knew Holly was always strict about following the rules, so she nodded. 
She had no intention of doing anything unlawful either. 
With quite a few people around, Vera was placed in a vehicle at the front by other police forces from the special department. Keira said, "I'll ride in the same car as her." 
Vera sneered. "What? Afraid I'm going to run away?" 
Keira replied, "You're skilled, so that's indeed a possibility. Also, I'm worried someone might come to rescue you." 
If Vera escaped and left Crera, they'd never catch her, considering the South family's secretive nature. 
Having caught her with difficulty, Keira certainly didn't want to let her slip away. 
Holly also said, "Then I'll ride with you guys, too." 
Keira nodded and then got into the car. 
Exiting the doorway, she saw Lewis's car waiting nearby as if escorting them. The corners of Keira's mouth slightly curled up. 
Once again, he knew exactly what she needed. 
The group remained vigilant until, half an hour later, the car stopped outside the special department. 
Keira received a call from Lewis, "Vera indeed has some influence. There were several attempts to hijack the vehicle and rescue her during the escort, all thwarted by our people." 
At those words, Keira immediately looked at Vera. 
If Vera tried to hijack a vehicle in Crera, she must be at her wits' end. 
Good, the upcoming interrogation session would be her stage! 
Keira had to find out what precisely the South family did and peel back the mysterious veil of the South family!
###Chapter 596
596 Chapter 595 
Vera was pushed down from the car and taken to the interrogation room by Holly. 
Keira looked at Holly. 
Holly said, "If there's anything you want me to do, just say it." 
Keira took a deep breath. "I indeed have some things I want to interrogate her about, but I don't want the special division to know. Is that possible?" 
Holly lowered her gaze, pondered for only two seconds, then replied, "Yes. After all, you are the victim. Here's what we'll do. I'll give you ten minutes alone with her." 
"Will it cause you any trouble?" 
Keira asked. 
Holly shook her head. "You underestimate my influence. If my dad was able to transfer me here, it means he's familiar with this department." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Was Holly still the righteous stickler for rules that Keira knew? 
When did she become so accommodating? 
Perhaps noticing her confusion, Holly took a deep breath. "I've been investigating the cause of your death in Oceanion, but you know what? To this day, I don't have any leads." 
Keira was startled. 
Holly then said, "That corpse was..." 
"My twin sister," Keira answered. "At that time, she fell into the sea to save me. After I woke up, I lived using her identity to win back the custody of her daughter and to find out who the person was that tried to kill us!" 
Hearing this, Holly fell silent momentarily. "I've checked all the surveillance, and there's no news. It's as if a mysterious power has erased the events that happened to you that day. It's like you weren't in Oceanion at all, so I found it very strange. As a forensic doctor, I don't know how to investigate further." 
Only then did Keira come to a sudden realization. "So that's why you came to Clance to this special division?" 
The special division in Clance was specifically set up to investigate Crera's mysterious cases and other special cases. 
Holly didn't deny it. "I didn't volunteer for this myself; it seemed like my dad picked up on my confusion and transferred me here. Moreover, he told me that sometimes you have to adapt; you can't always stick to one way of doing things." 
Holly looked at Keira. "I keep thinking that if I had been adaptable, maybe you wouldn't have died. If I were adaptable and had used some extreme measures at the very moment something happened to you to leave some evidence or a video recording, maybe we could have found your killer, right?" 
As she voiced these thoughts, she began to seem a bit guilty. 
"I'm sorry. Until now, I still haven't discovered anything, but within the special department, I've seen many cases and learned a lot of secrets I didn't understand before." 
As Keira listened, her eyes teared up slightly. She patted Holly on the shoulder, "Ms. Stickler for rules, thank you." 
Holly smiled. "There's no need to thank me. After all, I haven't found out the cause of your... your sister's death." 
Keira suddenly stepped forward and hugged Holly. 
The moment she was embraced, Holly stiffened. 
Keira said, "Thank you, my first friend." 
Holly was the first friend she had in life. 
She was the close friend with whom Keira had strived to keep from middle school onward... 
She was the friend Keira had accidentally lost touch with but had now reunited... 
Keira let go of Holly and said, "Please take me to see her." 
"Okay." 
Holly led the way. "By the way, who is it that you want to investigate? I might be able to get some information within the special division." 
Keira said, "Then, could you help me check your files to see if there's any information on a mysterious family called the South family?" 
Hearing that, Holly immediately nodded. "Okay, I'll check it out right now." 
Holly took Keira into the interrogation room and turned off all recording devices. She then left and went to the archives, aiming to look up information on the South family, as Keira had just mentioned. 
She roamed around the archives but didn't see any relevant information. 
The South family looked like normal people, not the mysterious family Keira was searching for... 
She paced back and forth in the archives until she suddenly caught sight of an old, dusty file. She walked over and saw the file cover, which had the words "South family" written on it. 
Holly's eyes lit up! 
... 
Meanwhile, as soon as the door to the interrogation room closed, Keira looked at Vera. 
Vera glared at her, looking increasingly agitated. "What exactly are you trying to do? Let me tell you, what you're doing now is against the law!" 
Keira walked up to her. "Fox, do you remember the bet we had?" 
"What?" 
Keira said, "We agreed back then that if I won, you would tell me everything about the South family! Isn't it time for you to do that now?" 
Vera's pupils shrank, and she clenched her fists tightly. 
She looked toward the door. 
Keira said, "Five groups of people came to rescue you tonight, but they were all stopped. Vera, you have no other choice now!" 
Vera hesitated. "Fine, I'm willing to accept the loss. I'll tell you everything I know."
###Chapter 597
597 Chapter 596 
Keira was slightly stunned when she heard this. 
She really hadn't anticipated that things would progress so smoothly; she looked at Vera. 
Vera was staring at her and suddenly laughed. "Do you know I'm not your only competitor?" 
Keira frowned. "Could you explain what you mean by 'competitors'?" 
Ever since she became Keera, she had been helping Keera complete the missions assigned by the South family while pushed forward by Matthew. 
She didn't even know the goal of doing all this; she only knew that she could enter the South family to save her mother by doing so. 
As she was pondering, Vera laughed. "You don't know? Didn't your biological parents tell you?" 
Keira was taken aback. "My biological parents?" 
Vera raised an eyebrow. "You really don't know? Ha! That really is something rare." 
Keira said, "Stop beating around the bush and tell me." 
Vera scoffed. "No wonder they say Crera's Rabbit is useless. So, you really don't remember anything from before you were five years old." 
Keira was taken aback again. "Before I was five?" 
"We both grew up in the South family until we were five. Our biological parents were also from the South family. Afterward, we were sent away from the South family and exiled to other countries. You were sent to Crera, and I was sent to Country F. Then our most loyal servants became our foster parents, raising us and leaving us with a small company worth approximately ten million. Next, it depended on whether we could develop and grow until we were powerful enough to return home." 
While Vera assessed Keira up and down, she said, "You don't remember anything from before you were five, but your foster parents should have told you about this. Didn't they mention it at all?" 
Keira fell silent for a moment. "My foster parents passed away quite early. And as you know, I'm a useless pawn. the South family stopped contacting me later on." 
Vera scoffed. "Is that so?" 
Keira looked back at her. "Or what?" 
Vera raised an eyebrow. "I'm just curious. You—the discarded pawn—don't seem to be that useless now. So, Keera, what exactly happened to you?" 
Keira frowned. "Now is the time for me to ask questions, not the other way around." 
Vera then lowered her gaze. "Fine, what else do you want to ask?" 
Keira looked at her. "Who are our biological parents?" 
Vera scoffed. "Of course, they are from the South family. As it turns out, your parents and mine are cousins. As for who your parents are exactly, I don't know. After all, all families are in competition, and they send their children out without knowing the destination or even what names the children are given." 
Everyone was in the dark? 
And their parents... 
Keira suddenly thought of her time in Oceanion. Keera mentioned she was stolen by someone from the South family and then raised by foster parents in Clance. 
At that time, Keira thought her sister's foster parents were the people from the South family who stole her, but now it seemed the foster parents were just servants of the people who stole Keera. 
Why did they steal Keera? 
Did it have anything to do with their mother, Jodie South? 
Keira pondered for a long while before she looked at Vera. "How many South family members have been exiled?" 
"Twelve." 
Vera answered promptly. "Everyone uses animal code names. There are twelve of us, and we all want to return home." 
Keira asked, "So, completing the tasks allows us to return home?" 
Vera laughed. "It seems you really don't know anything. I seriously doubt that you're the real Rabbit! After all, this is our deepest secret!" 
She leaned forward. "If you want to go home, you can go back anytime!" 
This made Keira's pupils shrink. "What?" 
Vera leaned back, watching Keira. After a long stare, she suddenly laughed. "Rabbit, you've forgotten the events from when you were five... Surely, you haven't forgotten the way home, have you?" 
That statement surprised Keira again. 
The way home... Did Keera know?! 
But she wasn't Keera... 
She tensed her jaw, fearing Vera might notice something, and stared firmly at Vera. "I don't know what you're talking about." 
Vera then said, "You've forgotten about it? That's hilarious! All these years, you've never been back. Is it because of that? We've all been wondering why you, Rabbit, never went home. We thought you had a bad relationship with your parents and didn't want to see them... But this is really amusing!" 
Hearing those words, Keira finally said, "So, where exactly is the South family?" 
She could tell from Vera's words that Vera often went home... 
She must know where the South family was! 
Keira didn't want to play games or have her life controlled by the South family; she just wanted to go there and save her mother! 
As expected, Vera looked at her. "You want to know, huh? I'll tell you..."
###Chapter 598
598 Chapter 597
Keira's eyes lit up slightly.
She suppressed the fervor in her chest and focused on Vera, awaiting her response.
Vera smiled, then suddenly pointed to her chest. "It's right here."
Keira was perplexed.
Only then did she realize she had been played, and she looked at Vera angrily. "Vera, we had an agreement. If you lost, you would tell me the truth!"
"Did we?" Vera smiled, "Besides, who says I lost?"
As soon as she said those words, someone knocked on the interrogation room's door, and soon after, there was Holly's voice. "Keira, open the door."
Keira immediately stood up and walked to the door.
Upon opening the door, she saw Holly with a troubled expression. "Vera's lawyer has arrived. They've arranged for bail pending trial."
Keira frowned. "Can she be bailed out with the evidence we have?"
Holly took a deep breath and then took out some documents provided by the lawyer.
When the special division arrested Vera, they determined she was Fox, who was in direct contact with Susan and recorded the timestamps and logs of their every call.
At those timestamps, it was confirmed that Vera was on the phone, and Susan had identified Vera as Fox. Armed with presumably decisive evidence, the special division proceeded to arrest her.
However, the lawyer had provided proof that Vera wasn't on the phone when Susan was talking to Fox.
For instance, during the first few calls between Susan and Fox, Vera was shopping at a mall, with security footage as evidence, without talking to anyone when Fox was on the phone.
All these pointed to one thing...
Vera stood up with a calm smile and looked at Keira. "Keera, I've told you, I'm not that murderer, Fox. You've wronged me."
She spread her hands, making a nonchalant gesture.
Keira clenched her fists tightly. "If you're not Fox, then who is?"
"Who knows?"
Vera laughed. "Maybe it's me, maybe it's her, or maybe it's you. I do have an alibi, so can I go now?"
Her demeanor was arrogant and willful.
Keira said nothing as Holly took a deep breath and stepped forward to unlock Vera's handcuffs.
Vera came over and glanced at Holly with a sneer. "I'm going to sue you for wrongful arrest; you just wait for your punishment!"
Holly scoffed. "I will take responsibility for my actions."
Vera clicked her tongue twice and then smiled. "With such confidence, are you sure you'll be all right?"
Holly remained silent.
Then Vera looked at Keira. "Rabbit, did you think I would be exposed so easily? You're so na?ve. You can't beat me! On the battlefield of Crera, the ultimate victor will only be me!"
"Once the DNA test results from the Martin family come out tomorrow, you'll be utterly defeated, along with your poisoned father..."
Vera tilted her head and suddenly laughed. "If you had lost and come to beg me, perhaps I would have given you the antidote. But now that you've done this, heh, I'm going to enjoy watching you cry."
As she said the last sentence, her face suddenly darkened, becoming sinister and ominous. Her gaze was fierce and merciless.
Keira seemed to be infuriated, her complexion changing drastically.
Seeing this, Vera arrogantly raised her head and walked out.
The anger on Holly's and Keira's faces subsided after she left, and Holly looked at Keira. "I didn't expect that she wasn't Fox."
Keira nodded.
She had always felt that Fox operated with a hidden agenda, never directly confronting anyone and always manipulating others.
But Vera was overtly overbearing and arrogant.
At the Martin family's engagement party, her unhidden thrill of victory made Keira feel that Fox wouldn't be so impatient.
They couldn't investigate every single thing Vera was up to, but Keira deliberately used Susan's testimony to set Vera up as Fox.
If Vera wanted to leave, she had to prove she wasn't Fox...
If she was Fox, then she'd be stuck here.
If she wasn't Fox, then Fox certainly had to be someone else; it was a form of probing.
As Keira suspected, Vera, indeed, wasn't Fox.
But if Vera wasn't Fox, then why would she impersonate Fox? And Susan's insistence on identifying Vera as Fox...
Were Fox and Vera working together?
Or perhaps Fox was Vera's superior?
That didn't seem right...
After all, like herself, Fox also received a mission to forge an alliance with the Martin family through marriage. If Vera wasn't Fox, then Fox would certainly have to find a way to marry Scott Martin.
But so far, only Vera was trying to win him over.
Keira pondered for a moment, unable to figure it out, so she simply stopped thinking and looked at Holly. "Will this cause any trouble for you?"
Holly said, "Don't worry, my father will handle it; it won't be an issue."
Keira breathed a sigh of relief.
Holly's parents were both forensic doctors, and she herself had always aspired to be a forensic doctor, but Keira knew there was more to her family's background.
Holly's grandfather seemed to be quite formidable...
That was why Keira asked for Holly's help.
Just as Keira was thinking, Holly suddenly looked at her with a serious expression. "Keira, I found the South family's files in the archives."
Keira's pupils contracted. "What did you find?"
###Chapter 599
599 Chapter 598 
Holly said, "Follow me." 
Keira trailed behind her, and the two made their way to the archive room. 
Holly explained, "The materials in this archive room can't be borrowed or taken outside, so you'll have to read them here." 
Upon hearing this, Keira was slightly startled. "What exactly is this Special Division?" 
How had she never heard of it before? 
Holly said, "On the surface, our department deals with the grievances and disputes of powerful families, but in private, we handle some strange cases, including matters involving mysterious entities." 
"Mysterious entities?" 
Keira asked in surprise, "Are there things in this world that science can't explain?" 
Holly immediately said, "What are you talking about? We don't believe in ghosts. It's the twenty-first century. How could you think like that?" 
Keira couldn't help but twitch the corner of her mouth. It wasn't her fault. Who would have expected her to encounter such a mysterious family as the South family? 
They were enigmatic and elusive, undetectable even by the global navigation satellite system. Uncle Olsen and Lewis had sought international forces and still found no trace of such a family's existence. 
But considering what Vera said, if living in a technologically advanced place like Crera was called "exile", how high-end must the South family be? 
Did they live in the realm of immortals? 
She wasn't living in some fantasy world, was she? Would she have to cultivate to transcend worlds and save her mother? That would be absurd. 
As Keira's thoughts ran wild, Holly said, "Actually, there are many mysterious forces in the world. The Earth is vast, and humans have such a long history. There are certainly mysterious families like the South family..." 
She explained, "Everything irrational in this world can be explained by science. Don't let your thoughts wander." 
Keira nodded, realizing she might have let her imagination run too wild. 
The fact that the South family's location remained undiscovered could simply be due to their sophisticated shielding system preventing outside detection. 
She had only lived for a little over twenty years and had never encountered such a mysterious family. As a result, she almost mythologized the South family. 
With these thoughts, Keira followed Holly into the archive room. 
Holly was familiar with the place, so she led Keira straight to the archives concerning the South family and handed Keira the files. 
A fine layer of dust covered the file, evidence that it had been undisturbed for years. 
Keira immediately opened it and saw that the records of the South family started from a hundred years ago. 
She paused for a moment. 
Crera hadn't even been founded for a hundred years yet! 
As she pondered this, Holly began to speak of the history of the Special Division. "In fact, the Special Division was established a hundred years ago. At that time, it was just a civilian organization seeking a way out for Crera and recording certain matters for our ancestors. Later, all the recordings were handed over to the officials, and the division came under official management... Our family has a special status in the Special Division because my great-grandfather founded it. The government trusts us, and so for each generation, the leadership of the Special Division has been held by our family members. Now, it's my grandfather, and previously, my father chose to become a forensic doctor to avoid conflict of interest. He doesn't wish to take over the Special Division anymore." 
Keira understood and nodded. 
She had previously thought of Holly as coming from a family of forensic doctors, never expecting such a background. 
She continued reading. 
In records from a hundred years ago, there was only one sentence. "The South family is an ancient family; if we could gain their help, we would have hope. Unfortunately, we cannot contact them." 
Keira kept flipping through the pages, finding entries every five years or so. 
The South family appeared, but they only passed through Crera before leaving. 
The South family surfaced again, and they seemed to be interested in Crera. 
Then came a record from more than forty years ago. It seemed that someone from the South family had come to Crera! 
The records about the South family became fewer as time went by, as if the family had vanished into the long river of history, from being initially deemed formidable to gradually becoming obscure. 
Keira looked at the thin notebook. 
The Special Division had purposefully used this method of record-keeping for a unique existence as the South family. Other similar instances included things like the royal family of Country Y. 
Keira stared at the notebook in her hands, reassessing her knowledge of the South family. 
After putting the file back on the shelf, Holly looked at Keira and said, "What kind of background does this South family have? They seem especially mysterious." 
Keira shook her head. "I don't know." 
Holly then asked, "Your sister was part of the South family, and they captured your mother. Why aren't you part of the South family? Why are they trying to kill you?" 
Keira tensed her jaw. She also wanted to ask that question. 
She had never understood; the only possibility was that perhaps Keera was once taken away by someone from the South family. 
Jodie South had hidden in Oceanion for so many years. Was she trying to do the same as Keera, leading a low-profile life to avoid such disputes? 
The specific details still required meeting Jodie South or waiting to capture the real Fox to clarify! 
Keira looked at Holly. "Let's go." 
Holly nodded, and the two prepared to leave. Just as they turned around, Keira suddenly caught sight of a document on the shelf. 
She immediately paused in her steps. 
Holly followed her gaze and, upon seeing the sealed document, explained, "That's the Freeman Sect, the strong reinforcements for the Special Division." 
Keira was taken aback and asked incredulously. "What did you say?" 
Her expression became a bit indescribable. 
Holly explained, "This is a secret of the Special Division and hasn't been disclosed publicly. The Special Division often has to execute special missions, and sometimes, when short-staffed, the Freeman Sect is our strongest external support. Their direct lineage disciples are considered our integrated personnel. The martial arts of the Freeman Sect are very powerful; you must have heard about them since you've been in Clance for so long, right?" 
Keira tugged at the corner of her mouth. "I've indeed heard about them." 
She, the senior sister of the Freeman Sect, didn't even know that she was considered integrated personnel of the Special Division! 
No wonder the Sect Leader was so cautious when she once told him to register the leading sister's name as Keera. 
She had thought that the Freeman Sect's internal roster was very important, not realizing that those from the Inner Sect, especially the disciples of the Sect Leader, could be part of the Special Division! 
No wonder the Sect Leader was so careful. 
However, later on, because of the Gill family, she ended up blowing her cover, and as a result, the name Keera was now that of the senior sister of the Freeman Sect... 
As Holly led Keira out, she said, "But this is the list that was submitted last time. They said their senior sister had come back, but they hadn't had time to add her name yet. Their Sect Leader speaks highly of this senior sister; sometimes, I wonder what kind of formidable figure she is." 
Keira tugged at the corner of her mouth, "She's alright, I guess?" 
Holly said, "Here's the thing. The Freeman Sect is very strict in selecting disciples, and it's said that it took the Sect Leader twenty years to choose their senior sister. If only I could perform a mission with her... I just don't know her name." 
Following behind Holly, Keira heard this and coughed. "Well, actually, I am her."
###Chapter 600
600 Chapter 599 
"What?" 
Holly was slightly startled as she looked at Keira, feeling she hadn't heard correctly. 
Seeing her expression, Keira smiled, wanting to explain her identity, but someone blocked her path before she could speak. 
A young man, accompanied by two members of the Special Division, stood there, looking sternly at Holly and said coldly, "Dr. Sims, you know our department's archive room is off-limits to outsiders. Aren't you aware of the rules?" 
Holly frowned. 
The man immediately turned his gaze to Keira, scanning her a few times before looking back at Holly. "Or do you think you can exercise your privileges here just because your grandfather is in charge of the Special Division? Dr. Sims, did you follow the proper procedures when you brought an outsider into the archive room? If not, I'll have to report this!" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Indeed, the interrogation and this visit to the archive room didn't conform to the rules. 
To be exact, Holly had indeed bent the rules for personal reasons. 
Although Holly's grandfather managed the Special Division, they couldn't neglect procedures, especially not the official staff—they couldn't make such mistakes. 
If it weren't for the fact that the South family was shrouded in inscrutable mystery, making it impossible to get any clues from Vera without special measures, Keira wouldn't have caused Holly such trouble. 
Luckily, having just seen that Freeman Sect roster, Keira knew she was now an official staff member. If it came down to it, she could just reveal her cover. 
Just as Keira had this thought, Holly stood protectively in front of her. "First of all, Miss Olsen is the victim in this case and has the right to know whether Vera is really the mastermind behind Susan Simpson. Secondly, my bringing Miss Olsen into the archive room was approved by my grandfather!" 
The man immediately pressed on with his questioning. "Approved? Where's the written approval? Do you have it?" 
How could there possibly be any? 
From the moment Holly entered the Olsen residence, all actions had been spontaneous. When Keira was interrogating Vera, Holly had been in the archive room gathering information about the South family. There simply hadn't been time to obtain old Mr. Sims' approval! 
Just as Keira realized this, she heard Holly say, "Of course there is." 
Holly took out a report and handed it to the man. "Luke, here it is. Satisfied?" 
Keira also looked over and saw an electronic approval file. 
It indeed had old Mr. Sims' private seal on it. 
Keira immediately revealed a relieved smile, thinking she had worried that Holly had really bent the rules for her, forgetting that Holly was the person who valued rules the most. 
Upon seeing the photo, Luke reluctantly snorted. "Didn't think it would actually exist. But the Special Division isn't the Sims family's private enterprise. Who gave you the authority to approve her entry?" 
Holly replied. "I followed the official procedure and made a special request. My grandfather agreed. If you have any complaints, go talk to him." 
Luke was at a loss for words. 
While pulling Keira along, Holly whispered, "See? This place isn't easy to deal with. The Sims family has managed the Special Division for so many years only to be looked down upon by others. The Dawson family is one of them. That guy's father wants to move up the ranks, but my grandfather is in the way..." 
Keira understood. 
Old Mr. Sims' delay in retiring was blocking other people's paths. 
Holly's father's refusal to take over the Special Division was probably due to this kind of situation—he was tired of all the intrigue and found it quite nice to be a forensic doctor. 
The two stepped outside. 
Holly then said, "You shouldn't feel bad about it. We arrested Vera today, and my grandfather is very interested in the South family. That's why he allowed me to help you like this. Can I record the information about the South family that you shared with me in the Special Division? We need to observe such a mysterious and prominent family." 
Keira nodded, "Of course." 
The issues with the South family weren't just her concern alone. 
Besides, she always felt the South family was too mysterious. Not content with uniting the five major families of Clance, they also wanted to form a matrimonial alliance with the Martin family. Their appetite seemed far too large, suggesting an underlying plot. 
As a Creran, patriotism was ingrained in Keira's bones. 
Between the South family and Crera, she would unquestionably choose Crera. 
After saying goodbye at the entrance to the Special Division, Holly had to return to work and interrogate Susan. Keira went to the parking lot where Lewis was waiting for her. 
She looked back at the Special Division, noticing that it appeared from the outside like an ordinary small building, with "Special Affairs Office" inscribed on a modest signboard. 
It seemed very low-key and mysterious. 
Keira shook her head and got into the car. 
As soon as she got in, Lewis asked, "Vera just walked out very arrogantly. What's your plan now?" 
Keira looked down and said, "Let's do a DNA test tomorrow first." 
Lewis hesitated, "Are you sure about that?" 
Keira replied, "It's not about me. Old Mr. Martin seems to have decided that I'm his granddaughter. Since I don't know who my maternal grandfather is, I might as well give it a try." 
Lewis's eyes dimmed momentarily, a shadow flashing through them. 
Keira noticed his change, "Did you think of something?" 
Lewis turned to her, "I just have a vague feeling that you might really be old Mr. Martin's granddaughter."
###Chapter 601
601 Chapter 600 
Keira Olsen looked at him, puzzled. "Why do you say that?" 
Lewis Horton smiled. "Intuition." 
Keira Olsen: "..." 
She had thought the man had seen a picture. 
However, the pictures she had on her phone showed Jodie South in her forties, and even if she showed them to old Mr. Martin, he probably would not recognize him. 
After all, they were face blind when it came to Crera people. 
The two returned to the Olsen Family with heavy hearts, only to see several Olsen brothers, along with Mr. Olsen and his family, all sitting in the living room. They immediately stood up when they saw them return. 
Mr. Olsen was the first to speak: "Nange, any clue about the antidote?" 
Seeing their worried expressions, Keira Olsen felt a twinge in her heart. 
No matter how many hardships they faced, no matter how Susan Simpson instigated discord, the people of the Olsen family seemed to always be united. 
They had argued and cried, but the bond of blood and kinship was indissoluble. 
Keira Olsen had no concept of a family, and even after she recognized her mother, Jodie South, she had not lived comfortably for long. 
Feeling the warmth of family at that moment, she felt a warm current sweeping through her heart. 
She shook her head slightly: "We didn't catch him." 
The group at home immediately showed disappointment, but Mr. Olsen still did not forget to comfort her. "It's okay, there will be a way when we get to the mountain. If Xu San just gives up like this, our Olsen Family and the Martin family will be at an impasse!" 
Mr. Olsen also nodded decisively: "Right, for many years, Xu San has been worrying himself sick for the power of the family. Let him have a good rest for these few days!" 
Ellis also spoke up: "Don't worry, Uncle Xu will be all right." 
James Olsen immediately spoke: "If it really comes down to it, I'll kidnap Scott Martin. If old Mr. Martin doesn't give the antidote, I'll show no mercy!" 
Mr. Olsen immediately scolded: "Stop the nonsense! We Olsens are law-abiding citizens, how can we do such a thing!" 
The living room was bustling, and Keira Olsen felt her eyes redden. She took a deep breath and looked at everyone: "Mr. Olsen, second uncle, all of my brothers, and Xu Qi, don't worry, my father will be fine." 
Keira Olsen clenched her fists. 
Tomorrow she would try her luck with a DNA test, and as for the rest... if she wasn't old Mr. Martin's granddaughter, then she had other ways to proceed! 
A fierce light flashed in Keira Olsen's eyes. 
She went straight upstairs and entered Uncle Xu's bedroom, where Uncle Xu lay peacefully as if he were asleep. 
If one didn't know he never regained consciousness, they wouldn't tell he was poisoned at all. 
Keira Olsen walked to his side, sat down on his bed, and then took his hand. "Dad, don't worry, I won't let you leave me again!" 
She picked up her phone and sent out several messages. 
Soon, her phone received a series of replies: 
[Received!] 
[Boss, received!] 
[Received!] 
Looking at those messages, Keira Olsen's gaze became even more determined. 
She had originally planned to complete the tasks sent by the South Family one by one, but now she no longer wanted to be led by the Nan Family. 
She was ready to strike back! 
... 
Time quickly moved to the next day, the day she had agreed with old Mr. Martin to do the DNA test. 
Keira Olsen and Lewis Horton quietly left the Olsen home, not alarming the others. 
As they stepped out, they saw Holly Sims standing outside. 
She had shed her uniform in favor of casual wear and approached them as soon as she saw them: "I'll go with you." 
Keira Olsen was startled. 
Holly Sims then said: "After all, I'm from the Special Division. If I'm on the scene, they will restrain themselves a bit, and my words can serve as evidence. If it really comes down to it, we'll use force if necessary!" 
Keira Olsen wanted to refuse. 
She couldn't let Holly Sims violate her own principles... 
But before she could say so, Holly Sims firmly said: "Let me come along. I don't want to hear about you running into trouble afterwards, being powerless to help." 
Keira Olsen listened and pressed her lips together. 
In the end, she nodded firmly: "Okay." 
The group soon arrived at the Martin family's residence. 
The gates of the Martin family were wide open. Old Mr. Martin and Scott Martin were waiting at the entrance, while Vera South stood to the side with her arms crossed, mocking them: 
"Old Mr. Martin, I told you Keira Olsen was deceiving you and you wouldn't admit it. Now you see, don't you? They dare not come!" 
Erin South Martin retorted from the side: "Can you just shut up!" 
Vera South then looked at her: "Weren't you kicked out by old Mr. Martin? Why are you still here?" 
Erin South Martin's face stiffened with anger, and then she turned to old Mr. Martin. 
Old Mr. Martin replied indifferently: "Once today's DNA test results are out, I will naturally expel whoever doesn't belong." 
Vera South scoffed: "Whoever doesn't belong… old Mr. Martin, you couldn't possibly be referring to me, could you? Last night she brought people to catch me, and they still let me come back, didn't they?" 
She stepped forward, coming face to face with old Mr. Martin: "Today, I will show you whether she has been lying or not!" 
At that moment, she looked down and checked the time. It was already ten o'clock in the morning. 
Vera South smiled again: "At this point, your equipment should be ready. She couldn't possibly not show up, could she?" 
Almost as soon as these words fell, the sound of a car engine came from the gate! 
Immediately, Lewis Horton drove a black G-Wagon and slowly stopped at the entrance. Keira Olsen opened the car door and strode forward.
###Chapter 602
602 Chapter 601 
Keira strode purposefully toward old Mr. Martin, gazing directly at him. "I'm not late, am I?" 
Their agreed-upon time was ten in the morning. 
Old Mr. Martin said, "No, you're not." 
Keira nodded. 
Old Mr. Martin led her into the house, with Lewis and Holly following closely behind. 
No one stopped Lewis, but when Holly tried to enter, Vera stopped her. "This person is from the Special Division, Mr. Martin. Are you sure you want her here for the procedure?" 
Before old Mr. Martin could speak, Keira retorted, "Aren't we here to do a DNA test today? That shouldn't be illegal, right? Why can't she stay? Or are you planning some illegal transaction and are afraid she'll witness it?" 
That question silenced Vera. 
She then sneered. "You always seemed so cold and aloof; I didn't expect you to be so sharp-tongued! However, regarding the Martin family's matter today, I won't allow her entrance!" 
Vera gestured with a wave of her hand. "You guys, stop her for me!" 
Following her command, several bodyguards immediately rushed forward, standing before Holly. 
The bodyguards, clearly out of place among the Martin family's security guards, were all trained fighters. 
Holly frowned, taking a step back. 
Vera scoffed at her. "I heard old Mr. Sims is your grandfather. As a member of the Sims family who manages the Special Division, your skills should be quite impressive, right?" 
Holly clenched her jaw. 
Starting from her father's generation, her family no longer intended to take over the Special Division, so she hadn't practiced martial arts. 
As she was thinking of a strategy, Keira suddenly approached and said, "Are you in charge of the entrance to the Martin residence?" 
She asked old Mr. Martin, "Miss Sims is my friend. Mr. Martin, are you sure you won't let her in?" 
Her words carried an implicit threat. 
Old Mr. Martin paused for a moment. 
Keira then smiled. "If the DNA test proves that I'm your granddaughter, then her being here as my friend is justifiable. If I'm not your granddaughter, having her here as a witness ensures nothing unlawful will occur. Vera, by stopping her from entering, are you planning to cause some kind of trouble here later?" 
Stumped by these words, Vera was at a loss. 
Keira walked over and took hold of Holly's wrist. "Come with me." 
Holly followed her, and the two of them were the first to step through the doorway. 
Vera took a deep breath and turned to old Mr. Martin. "Are you really going to indulge her like this?" 
Old Mr. Martin, however, was watching Keira from behind, looking somewhat wistful. 
Her haughty demeanor just now bore some resemblance to that woman from his past... 
Suddenly, old Mr. Martin said, "Indeed, we won't be doing anything today that cannot be made public. It's just a DNA test. Letting her in is fine." 
Vera's expression immediately darkened. 
She sneered at old Mr. Martin. "Fine, fine! Mr. Martin, I hope you don't regret this! After the DNA results come out, if you beg me for the same deal, it won't be for the same price we previously discussed!" 
After leaving behind those words, Vera strode into the living room, her gaze flickering with sharpness and malice. 
Soon, the group of people entered the living room. 
The family doctor was already there waiting. 
Seeing the group, he immediately came forward. 
Old Mr. Martin promptly plucked one of his hair and then looked at Keira. 
Keira looked at the family doctor and, without a word, also plucked her own hair and handed it to him. 
The family doctor immediately turned and left with the hair. 
Keira knew that now things had progressed this far, she would have to take it one step at a time... 
She took a deep breath. 
She took out her phone, opened the photo gallery, and handed a picture of Jodie South and herself to old Mr. Martin. "This is my mom. Mr. Martin, do you think she resembles your daughter?" 
Upon seeing the photo, old Mr. Martin was slightly stunned. 
Jodie South at fifteen certainly looked somewhat different from Jodie South at forty... 
But he still recognized similar features in the photo... 
He looked up from the photo to Keira, then back at the photo, and finally said, "You don't resemble your mom." 
Keira nodded. "I take after my dad more." 
Old Mr. Martin's eyes immediately teared up. "But you look a lot like your grandmother!" 
When Keira heard this, she paused for a moment. Then, her expression lit up with surprise. 
She had never met her grandmother. Back in Oceanion, Rebecca's father claimed to have collected a photo of Lady South, but in reality, he had provided a photo of her paternal grandmother instead. 
Mr. Allen had been mistaken. 
Therefore, when old Mr. Martin was searching for his first love, Keira didn't consider herself related to him until the last crisis when Lewis lied, which somehow made her feel that she might indeed be the old man's granddaughter. 
However, she had been afraid to bring up the photo... 
Could old Mr. Martin really be her grandfather? 
Wasn't this too much of a coincidence?! 
While Keira was mulling over this, Vera scoffed. "Did your mom really look like that? Is it photoshopped? Mr. Martin, I advise you not to recklessly claim relatives. How can there be such a coincidence?!" 
After finishing her statement, she looked to the side. "Let's wait for the DNA test results before drawing conclusions. This ambiguous photo proves nothing!" 
Old Mr. Martin wiped the tears from the corners of his eyes and nodded. "Indeed, in Crera, there are many people who look alike. We cannot conclude anything based on just one photo. Keera, let's wait for the DNA test results." 
He called her "Keera," not "Miss Olsen." His voice was warm as if he had already made certain she was his granddaughter. 
Seeing this, Vera felt even more irritated. 
Just then, the family doctor returned. "The DNA test results are out." 
Vera perked up at this. "Tell us the results, and let this old man learn that Keera is a fraud!"
###Chapter 603
Chapter 603 DNA Testing! 
Vera's words had barely left her mouth when she turned to look at the family doctor. 
Old Mr. Martin, Scott, and even Erin all nervously looked toward the family doctor. 
Keira also turned her gaze in that direction. 
Feeling the weight of so many eyes on him, the family doctor gave an awkward smile, then handed the printed results to old Mr. Martin. 
"Sir, this young lady and you... have no blood relation." 
As soon as these words were said, everyone's faces stiffened. 
Keira frowned. 
Old Mr. Martin also showed an incredulous expression. "How is that possible?" 
He snatched the test results and found that the DNA similarity was only a little over thirty percent, indeed proving there was no blood relation. 
A hint of disappointment flashed in old Mr. Martin's eyes as he turned back to look at Keira. 
Keira pressed her lips together, saying nothing. 
Vera then burst into laughter. "Mr. Martin, do you believe me now? You've been fooled by her! She and Lewis Horton have been deceiving you from the very start! They never repaired that photo, and her grandmother couldn't possibly be your first love. It's too much of a coincidence!" 
Old Mr. Martin's hands trembled, his gaze gradually shifting from shock to disappointment. 
After a while, old Mr. Martin finally looked at Keira. "Miss Olsen, what do you have to say for yourself?!" 
He angrily threw the test report at Keira and clenched his fists tightly. 
Vera continued to stir trouble, "She and Lewis Horton treated you like a fool. I don't think you should give them the antidote for Seven Days. " 
Old Mr. Martin hesitated. 
Vera scoffed. "What? You still want to give it to them? How fearful of the Olsen family are you, Mr. Martin?" 
Scott immediately said, "Shut up!" 
Then he turned to old Mr. Martin, "Grandfather, even if Miss Olsen isn't your granddaughter, please give her the antidote for Seven Days. After all, Uncle Olsen is innocent." 
"Innocent? When the Martin and Olsen families stand against each other, no one will be innocent. Scott, I'll tell you a Crera saying, 'Mercy to an enemy is cruelty to oneself'!" 
Vera, with her head held high, imperiously addressed Keira. "To deal with a con artist like that, you need to teach her a harsh lesson! Keera, remember this. The death of Uncle Olsen is all your doing. You tricked the Martin family, causing their retaliation! You've killed your own father with your own hands... Why don't you kill yourself?" 
Keira remained expressionless, and after old Mr. Martin passed her the DNA test report, she handed it to Holly. 
At that moment, Holly looked up, hearing Vera's words, and immediately retorted, "Are you done? Now it's my turn." 
Vera scoffed. "With things going this far, what can you possibly say?" 
Holly glanced at her and immediately held up the DNA report, stating flatly, "This DNA report is fake." 
At those words, everyone was stunned. 
Vera's pupils shrank. "You're lying" 
Holly picked up the report and pointed to a string of data. "I'm a forensic doctor, and over the years, I couldn't even count how many bodies I've dissected or how many DNA samples I've verified. I'm very familiar with human DNA! The data here on the report is incorrect; this isn't human DNA at all. Therefore, the samples from Keera and old Mr. Martin that the doctor collected earlier must have been tampered with!" 
Old Mr. Martin abruptly turned his head, looking at the family doctor. 
The family doctor's gaze immediately became evasive... 
Only now did everyone start to sense something was wrong, as the family doctor had indeed been rather shifty earlier. They had assumed his nervousness was due to being under scrutiny, but nobody had expected something like this! 
Keira stepped forward and asked, "Where did you put our hair samples after you took them?" 
The doctor swallowed. "I... I didn't touch your samples. That's a false accusation." 
"A false accusation? Or were you bribed to swap one of our hairs with a strand of dog fur, making it impossible to show any blood relation when the DNA was tested?" 
Keira immediately stepped forward and grabbed the man with a restraining move. 
She had agreed to bring Holly with her today just so Holly could verify the authenticity of the DNA test, which took place at the Martin residence. While Vera and old Mr. Martin were guarding against their maneuvers, she couldn't fully trust the Martin family's doctor and equipment. 
As expected, there was a problem! 
The family doctor immediately shouted, "I didn't tamper with anything, I swear!" 
Vera exclaimed, "Keera, what are you doing? Can't you accept defeat? Are you just causing trouble here because you lost? This Sims woman is with you! Her words can't be trusted!" 
Keira saw that the family doctor was still denying it, so she sneered and pulled out another strand of her hair, handing it to Holly. "Then let's redo the test. Holly, please do it for us." 
Vera immediately ed, "No way!" 
"Why is that? Do you have something to hide?" Keira looked coldly at Vera, "You might bribe one doctor in the Martin family, but you can't bribe all the Martin family's doctors!" 
She then turned to old Mr. Martin, "Your people and Holly will supervise each other, and together, they'll come up with the most accurate result." 
Vera looked at old Mr. Martin. "You old fool! I won't let you do this again!" 
Old Mr. Martin looked at Vera, then at the family doctor who was being held down, and without any hesitation, he plucked a hair and handed it to Holly. "Fine, do it over!" 
He then directed the nearby family doctors, "This time, we'll all supervise!" 
He personally followed Holly and the family doctors into the testing room with the hair samples and placed them into the machine... 
Before long, the new results were in!
###Chapter 604
Chapter 604 You're Surrounded!
Because they needed the results urgently, the test results came back in only half an hour. 
When Holly and old Mr. Martin walked out of the testing room, Holly nodded slightly to Keira. 
Keira immediately breathed a sigh of relief. 
Meanwhile, Lewis had thrown the bribed family doctor in front of old Mr. Martin and said, "He admitted it. Vera indeed bribed him." 
Vera sneered. "Mr. Martin, I admit I bribed the family doctor just in case, but the results should be exactly as expected, right? This DNA test was completely unnecessary! The Martin family's decision to engage in an arranged marriage with the South family was made in recent years, so how could it be that you conveniently found a granddaughter just after your decision? That's way too coincidental!" 
But the next moment, she heard old Mr. Martin announce excitedly, "It's just that coincidental." 
Vera was stunned. 
Old Mr. Martin had already walked up to Keira and taken her hand. With excitement in his eyes and a slight tremble in his hands, he spoke in a choked voice. "Keera, you're my granddaughter!" 
Upon hearing this, Keira sighed slightly. 
Her feelings were somewhat complicated. 
Vera was right about one thing: how could it be that just as the Martin family was about to collaborate with the South family, she, as the Martin family's lost granddaughter, suddenly emerged? 
All of this seemed excessively coincidental. 
Was all of this just a coincidence? 
She thought, "My grandmother is Lady South, who also bears the surname South, as does my mother. 
"Could my grandmother have prepared all of this in advance?" 
Lady South probably anticipated today's situation, knowing she would have to cooperate with the Martin family. However, she wouldn't be able to marry several families at the same time, so a long-term plan was already in place from Lady South's generation. 
Lady South recruited the Martin family to her team by bearing children. 
Keira wondered if her grandmother loved old Mr. Martin. 
She doubted it... 
Otherwise, why didn't Lady South stay abroad with old Mr. Martin? 
Keira thought, "I don't know what compelled my grandmother, but after spending half a month with old Mr. Martin, she just vanished from his life. 
"She gave birth to his daughter and brought my mother to live in Crera... 
"Later, my mother had me with my father, who was from the Olsen family... 
"All of this seems to have been paving the way for completing the tasks issued by the South family..." 
Keira needed to collaborate with the five major families, so she became the daughter of one of them, the Olsen family, which naturally connected her to the five major families. 
With Uncle Olsen around, even if Keira didn't have much influence, Uncle Olsen could have facilitated the connections with the five major families for her. 
If not for Keira, James would become the next Sect Leader of the Freeman Sect, and he was her cousin. 
The Gill, Allen, and Davis families all collaborated closely with the Olsen family... 
After Keira completed the first and second tasks set by the South family, the third task was to enter into a marriage alliance with the Martin family, and at this time, out came her grandmother. 
All of this seemed to be tightly connected by a thread. 
It felt so deliberate, yet it came at just the right time. 
Keira didn't feel the joy of recognizing her kin; rather, she felt as though she had been caught up in a massive conspiracy. 
As she was pondering, she heard Vera's exclamations of disbelief. "This is impossible!" 
Vera looked at everything in front of her in astonishment, almost going mad. "This is impossible! Mr. Martin, you must have been deceived by her again! Keera, did you bribe all the doctors in the Martin family?!" 
That was just ridiculous. 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "Vera, between you and Keera, I choose her. You may leave now." 
But Vera was quivering with rage. 
She abruptly stood up and glared viciously at old Mr. Martin. "I've wasted so much time and energy on you all. Do you think I'll just leave because you told me to? Mr. Martin, you've chosen Keera, so you're all going to die here!" 
After that, she waved her hand, and suddenly, a group rushed in from outside. 
They all looked like skilled fighters and surrounded everyone like mercenaries! 
Holly exclaimed in shock. "Vera, what are you doing? This is Crera, not a place where you can mess around!" 
Vera sneered. "Yes, I can't mess around, but if I kill you all, who's going to know it was me? Mr. Martin, you reminded me last time that Scott isn't the only option for collaborating with the Martin family. Tell me, if you die today, and I tell your family that it was Keera who killed you, how will your family choose?" 
Old Mr. Martin's pupils constricted. "You wouldn't dare! This is the Martin residence! Guards!" 
But no one came in response to his call. 
Old Mr. Martin's eyes gradually filled with panic. 
"Nothing can stop me." Vera strolled over leisurely. "Did you think I've been living at the Martin residence for so long for nothing? Let me tell you, the entire Martin family is now under my control!" 
There was a determined look in her eyes as she continued. "Old man, you made me do this!" 
Then, she turned toward Keira, "And you, little rabbit, although Crera is your territory, you're just too weak... What do you have to compare with me? Want to find an antidote for your father? Haha, there's no need to make an effort anymore. You'll soon join him!" 
With a wave of her hand, those fierce bodyguards immediately began to close in. Keira, Lewis, and Scott protected old Mr. Martin, Erin, and Holly in the middle. 
Keira stared at Vera resolutely. "Have you reached a dead end? Don't forget that in Crera, you can't use these illegal methods!" 
Vera chuckled contemptuously. "Who told you so? I just have to make sure not to get caught! But didn't I just tell you? It'll appear as if a conflict arose between you and old Mr. Martin, and you both died in the fight. What does it have to do with me?" 
Her smile suddenly vanished. "It's time to die!" 
But the next moment, Keira curled up her lips and asked, "Holly, did you get all that recorded?" 
Holly nodded. "Yes. Vera plotted to murder everyone. It's all been recorded, and we have enough to make an arrest now." 
Vera scoffed. "So what if you have evidence now? I've jammed all signals in the Martin residence. Your evidence can't be sent out. I told you, you're all going to die here today! Holly, I didn't let you in earlier, but you insisted. You wouldn't listen, so don't blame me!" 
"Before you start bragging, you better take a good look at the situation. Vera, you are the one surrounded," Keira declared coldly. 
Vera almost burst out laughing at this. "Keera, are you blind? See for yourself! Who exactly is surrounding whom?!" 
Keira calmly said to someone outside, "What are you waiting for?" 
With her words, laughter came from outside/ 
"Boss, we've just been waiting for your command!" 
"Coming! We're coming!" 
"Senior Sister, we're here!"
Along with these voices, a group of people suddenly flooded into the Martin mansion from all around! 
There were those dressed as couriers... 
And some from the Freeman Sect... 
Those people all had one thing in common—they were strong and well-built. All of them were warriors! 
They promptly encircled Vera and her people!
###Chapter 605 Did She Ever Love Me
Chapter 605 Did She Ever Love Me
The Martin residence was filled with people. 
Vera brought along twenty bodyguards, but at this very moment, those twenty bodyguards were surrounded by at least forty others. Meanwhile, James shouted, "The Freeman Sect is on its way over, but the Martin residence is a bit small, and I'm worried it won't accommodate everyone, so I told them to stay outside. About a hundred more people still haven't come in yet! Oh, right, the Olsen family also has several hundred people." 
Delivery guys in uniforms shouted, "Boss, we've got several hundred people here within a five-kilometer radius of the Martin residence. Just give the order, and they can arrive in five minutes!" 
Others called out, "Miss Olsen, I'm from the Allen family. Miss Rebecca sent me to follow your commands! We have about fifty people..." 
"We're from the Gill family, and our young master also told us to follow your commands..." 
"And us, we're from the Davis family..." 
The scene was chaotic, leaving Vera completely stunned. 
Keira also felt a headache coming from all the noise. 
With a wave of her hand, those who had come in immediately shut their mouths. Instead, they blocked the doors and windows, ensuring no way out for Vera and her people. 
Protected by her bodyguards, Vera looked at Keira with wary amazement and then turned to look at the people around her in shock. Keera, you brought all these people here?" 
Hearing that, Keira couldn't help but find it amusing. "I only told them to stand by. If you hadn't made a move, they wouldn't have either." 
Having spent so much time in Clance for those two missions, she'd expended a lot of effort. 
A mere Vera and the Martin family wouldn't stop her 
Keira hadn't wanted to do things this way, as it seemed like bullying the weak. 
Moreover, causing such disturbances with such a crowd was somewhat inappropriate. 
Yet someone had poisoned Uncle Olsen, and that crossed her bottom line! 
Not everyone in the South family was law-abiding. For example, Vera's methods were a bit too much. 
Vera glared at Keira, her chest rising and falling. 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
Keira stepped forward, looking at her. "Vera, you lost." 
Vera stiffened her jaw, staring hard back at Keira. "Do you think you'll fare any better by knocking me out of contention? The victor of the Crera battle zone might not necessarily be you!" 
Keira stared at her. "I know. You're talking about Fox." 
Vera was taken aback. 
Keira then scoffed. "You aren't Fox; Fox is someone else, right?" 
Vera immediately tried to sidetrack the conversation. "What are you talking about? If I'm not Fox, who else could it be? Fox's mission is to contend with you for the support of the Martin family. Besides me, who else is competing against you?" 
Keira stared at Vera. "Tell me who and where Fox is, or tell me everything about the South family, and I might spare you." 
Vera snorted with derision. "I've said it; I am Fox." 
Keira narrowed her eyes and took two steps back. 
With a wave of her hand, those around stepped forward and detained Vera and her subordinates. 
This was an outright crushing victory; Vera and her people put up little resistance and were all apprehended. 
Keira looked to Holly, who immediately said, "We'll send them off to the Special Division!" 
"Yes." 
Upon hearing this, James immediately organized the Freeman Sect members to take the prisoners to the Special Division. 
As an official member of the Special Division, he was particularly suitable for orchestrating the operation. 
Vera was escorted out by James himself, and throughout the process, she continued to glare viciously at Keira. 
Keira kept her gaze on Vera. "You've consistently refused to disclose who Fox is. You're trying to protect her from going against me, right? You're thinking, if she wins, she might give you a way out. But Vera, have you ever considered that if I win, perhaps I might give you a way out?" 
Vera immediately scoffed coldly. "You think I'll believe you?" 
"Right now, it seems you don't have a choice but to believe me." 
Vera once again fell silent. 
Holly then suggested, "Take her to the Special Division and detain her for a couple of days. Let her think things over!" 
Keira nodded. 
James promptly took the prisoners away. 
The Martin residence soon quieted down, and as Keira turned to speak to old Mr. Martin, he stepped forward and took out a packet of Seven Days from his pocket. "This is the antidote." 
Keira took the antidote. 
Before she could say anything, old Mr. Martin suddenly asked, "Keera, have you ever met your grandmother?" 
Keira paused, then shook her head. 
Old Mr. Martin continued. "Then did your grandmother leave anything for your mother? Did your mother leave anything for you?" 
Keira looked at him. "What are you trying to ask?" 
Old Mr. Martin gave a wry smile. "I'm just wondering, has she ever missed me at all?" 
Keira suddenly realized something. 
If she could think of it, certainly old Mr. Martin could too. He realized that her grandmother had plotted against him. 
To Lady South, he might have been simply a tool for having a baby. 
What Lady South wanted was a daughter with the Martin family's DNA so that when the Martin family had to make a choice one day, they would have no other choice. 
Keira pursed her lips and shook her head. "I don't know." 
At his age, old Mr. Martin should have come to terms with many things, and she didn't want to cheer him up falsely. 
Old Mr. Martin's shoulders slumped as he nodded. "I'll inform the Martin family and disclose that you are my granddaughter. In the future, the Martin family will fully support you!" 
On hearing this, Keira paused for a moment. She looked at old Mr. Martin and asked, "Grandfather, could you tell me what exactly the South family does, and why are they so secretive?" 
Old Mr. Martin looked at her blankly. "That's a long story." 
"Then make it short."
###Chapter 606 The Origin of the South Family
Chapter 606 The Origin of the South Family
Keira and Lewis sat in the study of the Martin residence. 
Old Mr. Martin had shooed Scott and Erin out of the room and had someone guard the door. 
After confirming several times at the doorway that no one would overhear their conversation, old Mr. Martin approached Keira. 
Seeing his solemn expression, Keira couldn't help but sit up straight. 
Upon noticing her reaction, old Mr. Martin asked, "Do you truly not remember anything about the South family? Vera seems to remember everything. Weren't you all said to have spent time within the South family before age five?" 
Keira didn't explain to old Mr. Martin about her sister, not wanting the elderly man to know that he once had another granddaughter who had passed away. 
She said, "Well, I had a fever when I was young and forgot everything when I woke up. I only knew I had a Guardian who would send me news of the South family. My foster parents were servants of the South family, and they passed away when I was very young. Moreover, with my mediocre talents, I planned to live an inconspicuous life, so I rarely brought up matters regarding the South family." 
Old Mr. Martin's eyes lit up. "So that's how it is." 
Keira asked, "Do you know where the South family is? What kind of family is it?" 
Old Mr. Martin said, "The South family is a very mysterious force. I only know that they have survived for thousands of years from the records, seemingly disappearing in the flow of history, but in fact, they have always been there." 
Keira was slightly taken aback. 
Old Mr. Martin continued, "The South family is extremely secretive; they prospered about two thousand-five hundred years ago..." 
Two thousand five hundred years ago... that was a long history! 
Old Mr. Martin said, "Their family is a matrilineal clan." 
Keira was astonished. "A matrilineal clan?" 
The matrilineal clan, also known as a matrilineal society, was from the very ancient times when people banded together for warmth, and due to primitive thinking and chaotic private lives, children only knew their mothers, not their fathers. Consequently, inheritance followed the matriarchal line, giving rise to this system. 
As society progressed and productivity increased, this system was almost eliminated. 
In the era of agriculture, men's physical advantage became apparent, and women needed to depend on men for survival. A patriarchal society gradually replaced the matrilineal society. 
Even now, Crera people still thought that boys should inherit the family business, leading to the preference of males over females. 
The South family was a matrilineal clan. 
Keira somewhat understood. It was no wonder her mother's, grandmother's, and sister's last names were all South! 
She initially thought this was just their family's unique case; after all, she didn't have a grandfather on her mother's side, so it was reasonable for her mother to take her grandmother's surname, and it was normal for her sister to be taken by the South family and also bear the surname South. 
It turned out that all the descendants of the South family shared the surname South! 
Furthermore, in a matrilineal society, women continued the lineage. Did that mean girls had a higher status in the South family than boys? 
Seeing that she understood his point, Old Mr. Martin continued. "Their family inheritance is passed down by the girls because girls in their family are both precious and dispensable." 
Keira was puzzled, "Why do you say that?" 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "They trust in bloodlines, believing that only girls can fully inherit their family traits from their mothers. Every hundred years, their family would produce a prodigy who would lead their clan toward a more glorious future. But... There are too many girls in their family." 
That was to say, the South family was impressive; hence, their daughters were very esteemed. 
For instance, Vera could command Old Mr. Martin around. 
Yet, because there were so many daughters, it seemed that they weren't as important. 
In the end, the most important person in the South family must be the head of the household! 
That answered a lot of questions for Keira. 
Why Vera competed with her; why she strived to grow her influence in Crera, to extend her connections, and to tightly bind the five great families of Clance to herself. 
All of that was for... 
"The selection of the South family's heiress?" 
Keira asked. 
Hearing this, old Mr. Martin laughed. "You're indeed very smart. You lost your memory, yet merely from what I've mentioned, you've grasped the essence... You're right. The selection for the heiress of the South family is extremely rigorous. The South family has accumulated wealth over thousands of years that's beyond our imagination. If the heiress isn't shrewd enough, it could easily lead to the decline and dissolution of the South family. Therefore, the daughters are taken to various places around the globe from a young age, commonly referred to as exile, and in the end, only the most formidable one is allowed to return home to inherit the family business." 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
Lewis, who had been listening beside her, marveled. "What an impressive inheritance practice." 
Both Keira and old Mr. Martin turned to look at him. 
Lewis explained, "In this era, which is the information age, development is rapid, and new items emerge endlessly. Over the years, tech companies and real estate magnates have made a fortune... 
"If the South family were to stick to the past or only focus on their own development, they would become isolationist. But by placing their heirs around the world and assigning them missions... 
"They allow the daughters to meet and bond with the most powerful families in each place, forming strong ties with external forces. 
"If every heiress with a claim to the throne were to bind themselves with the top forces of their respective nations, it's as though they're using the entire world to select their heiress! 
"The final victor also brings wealth from the outside back to the South family, such that the South family is invariably profiting!" 
As soon as he finished explaining, Keira understood. "So, we girls are all heiresses of the South family raised abroad?" 
Lewis nodded. "It's as if the South family is using the world to breed candidates to a throne, and only one Queen will win in the end! Considering how powerful that Queen must be to overcome all these obstacles and fights to emerge victorious, no wonder the South family has survived for such a long time..." 
Keira, however, frowned again. "But what exactly does the South family do? What qualifications do they have, or even what resources, to work on a global scale? Moreover, they're so secretive that ordinary people might not even know of their existence." 
"That's something to ask Mr. Martin," Lewis said. 
Lewis and Keira turned their gaze back to old Mr. Martin, with Lewis asking, "The Martin family has always been non-confrontational, so why are they now getting involved with the South family?" 
Since old Mr. Martin had decided to form a marital alliance with the South family, this indicated that he must know something!
###CHapter 607 The Secret of the South Family
CHapter 607 The Secret of the South Family
Keira also looked toward old Mr. Martin. 
The ability to use the whole world as a battlefield for their candidates indicated that the strength of the South family should not be underestimated. 
But even the most powerful tycoons or powerful countries had some reputation. What could the South family, unheard of by ordinary people, possibly have that attracts the top echelons of the globe? 
Seeing that both were looking at him, old Mr. Martin gave a wry smile. "The South family has a secret." 
Keira's eyes suddenly lit up. "What is it?" 
Old Mr. Martin said, "They can foresee the future." 
Keira didn't see that coming. 
She was stunned. 
She even wondered if she had heard wrong. 
Had she just confirmed her belief that there was simply no such thing as fantasy in this world, only for old Mr. Martin to deal her a heavy blow? 
To foresee the future… What the hell was that? 
Keira frowned, suddenly feeling the South family was like some charlatan. 
As if reading her mind, old Mr. Martin laughed. "As the former Family Head of the Martin family, my thoughts are the same as yours. We're both atheists and don't believe in such claims. When I was young, I believed even more firmly that I could bring glory to my family. I wouldn't pray to any god, but the South family is different." 
Keira asked, "How is it different? Stop beating around the bush." 
Old Mr. Martin sighed. "Every so often, the South family releases news about the world's great families on the internet. If they say a certain family is going to rise, that family will become rich no matter what they do. If the South family says a certain tycoon is going bankrupt, that tycoon's empire could be booming until the time specified by the South family." 
Keira frowned again. "That doesn't sound like foreseeing the future. Isn't the South family the reason why such things happen?" 
Old Mr. Martin said, "No matter how powerful a family is, snuffing out a smaller one is easy, but the South family can make a world superpower go bankrupt or vanish, let alone globally renowned corporations and alliances." 
Keira was stunned. 
Old Mr. Martin smiled. "Sounds unbelievable, doesn't it? If whatever they say always happens, wouldn't they be the rulers of Earth? That's why I didn't believe it when I was young. Back then, they wanted the Martin family to join the competition for the South family's heiress, which I firmly refused." 
Old Mr. Martin smiled. "However, absurdly, I spent my life proving that the South family is indeed formidable. If the Martin family didn't join them, we'd probably be annihilated, and by joining them, the future of the Martin family soared to greater heights." 
Keira was slightly taken aback. "Why? How do they control the world?" 
"I don't know." 
Old Mr. Martin shook his head. "I've been baffled all these years. No country or any individual can control the world, but the South family has done it. It's like they used sorcery, making whatever they say come true. I've verified it over and over and am now beyond any doubt." 
Those tales seemed to come out of lofty tales of fantasy, and Keira couldn't resist asking, "Then do you know where the South family is?" 
"No." 
Old Mr. Martin shook his head, "That's what's even more terrifying. No outsiders know the whereabouts of the powerful South family. They seem to be everywhere and are so omnipotent... I can't imagine how vast the South family's power is." 
He looked toward Lewis. "You just said that the South family uses the entire globe to choose their heiresses. That's both right and wrong. You're right because that's indeed what they're doing. You're wrong because the whole world willingly serves their purposes, for all forces can benefit and grow from it." 
"…" 
When Keira and Lewis walked out of old Mr. Martin's study, their minds were filled with confusion and haze. 
She was astonished by old Mr. Martin's words. 
Old Mr. Martin was someone who had seen the world. He was a member of some foreign royalty, from a country that was well-developed and wealthy... 
Such a person had seen every landscape in the world and even witnessed the rise and fall of nations over these many decades, but he was still shocked by the South family. 
Keira pressed her lips together. "Do you think we can still rescue my mom from such a powerful family?" 
She thought back to the question she had asked old Mr. Martin. "The inheritance rights you mentioned earlier, the winner takes over the South family, but what about the loser?" 
Old Mr. Martin said, "The winner takes charge of the South family's future development; as for the losers, they either die or submit, becoming a mere breeding tool for the South family to produce the next generation." 
So, her mother, Jodie South, must be among those who lost. How difficult must her days at the South family have been?! 
While Keira was pondering, Lewis said, "Keira, you have to believe in one thing." 
"What?" 
"We can conquer fate." 
Keira was taken aback. 
Lewis looked at her firmly. "Moreover, the South family isn't even fate." 
Keira took a deep breath and nodded, "You're right." 
As the two of them walked out of the Martin residence, they happened to see Holly, who was frowning worriedly. 
Keira immediately stepped forward and asked, "What's the matter?" 
Holly said, "I think James's actions tonight were a bit overstep, and I'm worried about him." 
Keira was taken aback, "Worried about what?" 
Holly explained, "The Freeman Sect has always been the most powerful backing of the Special Division. Hence, we've always held the Freeman Sect in the highest regard. James was trying to help you tonight and suddenly pulled so many people from the Freeman Sect without the senior sister's permission. It's disrespectful to her." 
Keira was perplexed. 
Seeing her slightly stunned, Holly quickly added, "Keira, I'm not saying what you did was wrong. It's just that the senior sister has a lot of sway in the Special Division, and the Sect Leader is someone who could stand on equal footing with my grandfather. You can imagine her status, right? I've always revered the senior sister, and it feels like our current actions are a bit disrespectful toward her..." 
Anxiously, Holly said, "Keira, how about I take you to apologize to the senior sister and clarify that we used so many people today because of an emergency so as to avoid her displeasure?" 
Seeing her full of concern, Keira couldn't help but twitch the corner of her mouth. Looking at Holly, she suddenly asked, "Do you know what the senior sister's name is?" 
Holly was bewildered, "What's her name?"
###Chapter 608 Antidote
Chapter 608 Antidote
Hearing Holly's question, Keira gave a slight smile in response. 
Just as she was about to say something, Holly misunderstood her. "You don't know? It's okay, James must know. I'll call him over and ask!" 
Having said that, Holly looked toward James, who was busy dealing with the aftermath, and called him over. 
James held a high position within the Freeman Sect. In addition to being responsible for all of the sect's affairs, he also liaised with the Special Division. Hence, the two had already met after Holly arrived in Clance. 
James approached and asked, "What's up?" 
Holly went straight to the point. "You should know who the senior sister is, right?" 
James was baffled for a moment. "Of course I do!" 
Holly then said, "Then take us to meet her and clarify today's matter of borrowing people from the Freeman Sect. After all, the senior sister is back, and she'll be the head of the Freeman Sect one day. If we don't clear things up, I'm afraid it might cause misunderstandings between you all." 
James was perplexed. 
He looked at Keira in confusion and then at Holly. "Are you joking with me?" 
Holly was confused. "What?" 
James looked again at Keira, "Isn't the senior sister right here with us? She's the one who used the Freeman Sect's people!" 
Holly was even more baffled. "The senior sister is here?" 
"Yes." 
James pointed toward Keira and said, "Here she is! The Freeman Sect's senior sister, Keera Olsen." 
Holly was dumbfounded. 
She turned her head slowly, her eyes filled with disbelief as she looked at Keira. "Are you the Freeman Sect's senior sister?" 
Keira nodded. 
Holly still found it unbelievable. "But with your anemic constitution..." 
Could a person who fainted so easily be the senior sister of the Freeman Sect? 
Moreover, if Keira was the Freeman Sect's senior sister, why didn't she resist when Holly captured her back in Oceanion? 
As Holly pondered, James laughed. "After the senior sister was registered in the Freeman Sect's Ancestral Hall, we updated a list, which I was planning to hand over to you. You didn't mention it, and I was about to forget about it again." 
He picked up his phone, did something on it, and then looked at Holly. "There, I sent it to your email. Make sure you update the Freeman Sect's list in your records." 
Holly dumbfoundedly picked up her phone, and then she saw the file James had sent from the Freeman Sect's email. It read, "Freeman Sect's senior sister: Keera Olsen." 
Holly stared at her phone a long time before finally looking up at Keira. "I never would have thought that you'd be the senior sister! In that case, there's no issue with this matter. I'm off to interrogate Vera at the Special Division overnight. Are you coming with me, or are you going back to the Olsen family first?" 
Keira didn't hesitate. "I'll go back to the Olsen family to see my dad first." 
Uncle Olsen was still in a coma with his life hanging by a thread; she certainly knew what was more urgent. 
Holly nodded. "Okay." 
Then she turned around to arrange for the Freeman Sect's people to leave with her. 
Watching her composed demeanor, Keira couldn't help but turn to Lewis. "Do you think she believes it? I feel like her reaction is a bit off." 
Holly had said before while at the Special Division that she greatly admired the senior sister, and now that the senior sister was in her presence, Holly was oddly calm. 
Lewis chuckled. 
Keira also shook her head, no longer bothered by it, and soon they drove off, bringing the antidote for Seven Days that old Mr. Martin had given them back to the Olsen family. 
Both of them went upstairs and entered Uncle Olsen's bedroom. 
Lewis took out the antidote but suddenly stopped. 
He looked at Keira. 
Keira looked back at him. 
The two exchanged glances, and Keira said, "Don't you feel that we got our hands on the antidote a little too easily?" 
Lewis immediately nodded. "I also feel something isn't right." 
Even if it was given by old Mr. Martin, just a slight alteration in the contents of the antidote could turn it into a deadly poison in no time. 
Keira frowned, looking somewhat troubled at Uncle Olsen. 
Should she feed him the antidote or not? 
Lewis, too, fell silent for a while. "If Vera isn't Fox, then who else could be Fox?" 
Keira's brows tightened further. "Susan adamantly insists Vera is Fox. It must be a trap set by Fox to mislead her, with the ultimate goal being to have us fight Vera while reaping the benefits of our strife." 
She took a deep breath and looked at the antidote in Lewis's hand. "Do you remember my older brother's azoospermia?" 
Lewis nodded. "What about it?" 
Keira said, "At the time, every hospital confirmed his condition. All those who conducted his examination went abroad for further studies and never returned. If, at that time, the person targeting my brother was Fox, that means she held a high position in the medical field to have all the doctors do her bidding. Medicine and poison are inherently one and the same..." 
Lewis realized something. "You suspect that this poison was made by Fox?" 
"Exactly." 
Keira took another deep breath. "My deep ties to the Olsen family are because of my father. If the antidote I brought back causes my father's untimely death, do you think my brothers would let me off the hook?" 
Lewis paused upon hearing this, then looked down. "That's killing two birds with one stone!" 
Keira nodded. "All of these could just be my speculations. Perhaps this antidote is authentic..." 
Lewis said, "There are still four days left until the expiration of Seven Days. Why not wait a bit longer?" 
After taking the first dose of poison, ingesting the antidote within seven days can neutralize the first dose with no significant damage to one's health. 
Therefore, there indeed was no urgent need to give it to Uncle Olsen. 
Keira placed the medicine in a close-fitting spot. "I'm going to the Special Division." 
Lewis knew what she thought and said, "I'll go with you." 
They quickly arrived at the Special Division, and as soon as they entered, they saw Holly with a look of surprise. "What are you doing here? Is your father alright?" 
Keira nodded. "Yes, has Vera confessed yet?" 
"Not yet." 
Holly led the two to see Vera. 
Keira lowered her gaze and exchanged a look with Lewis. They put on a solemn look before pushing the door open and entering the interrogation room! 
Hearing the door open, Vera looked up at them immediately. Upon seeing their anxious expressions, she burst into laughter. "Look at you two. Did you give the antidote to Uncle Olsen? Hahaha... With Seven Days, taking the wrong antidote results in immediate death! Keira, you didn't see that coming, did you?"
###Chapter 609
609 Chapter 608 
Keira charged up to her and glared at her. "Vera, what's the meaning of this!" 
Vera sneered. "The Martin family's medicines are all prepared by Fox. Do you think old Mr. Martin gave you the antidote? You were wrong!" 
She sat there calmly, her expression not the least bit flustered as she looked at Keira indifferently. "Killing Uncle Olsen was my pledge of loyalty to Fox." 
Keira's pupils shrank. "You surrendered to Fox a long time ago?" 
"Surrender? Keera, it seems you have remembered something... Or were you playing dumb all along?" After raising this question, Vera sneered again. "Never mind, that's not important. What's important is... Although I'm also one of the South family's heiresses, I know that I'm no match for Fox and have long since made my commitment known." 
Leaning back in her chair, she propped up her chin. "So, even if I get caught, it doesn't matter. As long as Fox wins, I can walk out of here as a free woman." 
She laughed arrogantly. "And you, there's nothing you can do to me!" 
Vera looked around the interrogation room with a brazen expression. "Don't expect me to tell you anything. I can avoid the struggle among the other candidates by hiding in here. It's indeed a good choice." 
Keira clenched her fists, her face full of fury. "Vera, you killed my father! I'll kill you! Do you think you're safe here, and I can't touch you?" 
Vera said disdainfully, "What can you do?" 
Keira stepped forward. "I can do a lot of things! Holly values fairness and strictness, but I don't! I can take you away from here and find a place to kill you to avenge my father!" 
Vera scoffed. "You Creran people are all about doing things with the right reason. Do you think I'll believe you by spouting a few angry words? Crera is your turf, but you still need a legitimate reason to capture me. Keera, do you think I'm going to believe such nonsense from you?" 
Keira appeared to be infuriated by Vera's words and angrily pointed at her. "You, you..." 
Lewis immediately held her shoulder. "Keera, contain your grief." 
Seeing the act that the two of them were putting on, Holly played along. "Keera, what's going on here? Didn't you get the antidote? How did it turn out to be poison?" 
Upon hearing this, Keira turned around, her shoulders trembling, and she lowered her head as if crying in a suppressed voice. "I don't know... My grandfather gave me the medicine... Now, the Olsen family blames me and him. The Olsen and Martin families will be at odds!" 
Lewis glanced at her and saw that there were no tears in Keira's eyes; it appeared she couldn't manage to cry on the spot, so she turned her back to Vera. 
He couldn't help but twitch the corners of his mouth, and as he glanced at Vera's expression, he saw that she was indeed reveling in misfortune. He immediately said, "It's clearly Fox and Vera's responsibility. What does it have to do with your grandfather?! The Olsen family is so foolish! What benefit would it be for your grandfather to poison your father?" 
Vera couldn't help but say, "Of course, there are benefits! The Martin family hesitated between Rabbit and me, and he eventually chose Rabbit. But siding with Rabbit now is just an added luxury. If Uncle Olsen is dead, Keera can only rely on the Martin family. That'll be a great prize for the Martins! They'll have a lot to gain!" 
Vera looked toward Keira. "Those families who are aware of the South family's existence and support the heiresses will certainly want to show off their power to gain attention... Rabbit, your grandfather was thinking exactly that! He wanted to weaken the control of the Olsen family over you and make the Martin family your most important background!" 
"That's impossible! You're lying!" 
Keira shouted angrily, "My grandfather isn't that kind of person! The Olsen family won't believe a word you say! Moreover, the antidote was in your hands! You're the one who has been scheming behind the scenes! What does it have to do with the Martin family?!" 
"Who said the antidote was in my hands?" 
Vera looked at Keira with a mixture of arrogance and resentment. "The antidote has always been with the Martin family. When the poisoning took place, I borrowed the poison from the Martin family. That little box where he keeps Seven Days contains hundreds of combinations. The poison he gave me was in a white bottle, and what was the container of the antidote you received?" 
Keira suddenly turned around, stunned. "It was pink..." 
Vera spread her hands, "There you have it. He deliberately gave you the wrong one to poison Uncle Olsen! If you don't believe it, you can search the Martin family for that white bottle and compare it with the poison in your father's system. You'll see." 
At those words, Keira's pupils instantly contracted. "The white bottle?" 
"That's right." 
Vera smiled. "I've made a great contribution to Fox. Between the Martin and Olsen families, you can only choose one... You'll forever lose the support of the other family!" 
But the next moment, she saw the grief-stricken expression on Keira's face vanish. Keira wiped away the hard-earned tears and sighed lightly. "Now I know what a tough job the actors have."
###Chapter 610
610 Chapter 609 
Vera's expression became stunned, and she immediately understood something. Her face changed drastically. "You deceived me!" 
Keira sneered. "If we hadn't put on this show, we would've never known that you and Fox had been in cahoots for so long! Vera, each of your schemes is interlocked with the next, and that's truly impressive!" 
Taking a deep breath, Vera stared fixedly at Keira, her complexion pale as paper. "Rabbit, I didn't expect you to be so cunning, to have seen through the conspiracy between me and Fox! You're utterly shameless!" 
Keira said nothing more and walked out the door with Lewis. 
The two of them went to the Martin residence and relayed Vera's words to old Mr. Martin, who was shaken to the core. He immediately took them to where he kept his medicines. 
There, they found a safe. 
Upon opening it, old Mr. Martin saw small vials of various colors. 
Old Mr. Martin explained, "These are all Seven Days. To distinguish the type of each poison, they are stored in different-colored vials. Each vial contains the same dosage of the drug, but they're not mixed with the same proportion, so one must use the specific formula as the antidote." 
As he said this, he took out a white vial and opened it. "This vial has indeed been tampered with!" 
Half of the poison inside was indeed missing. 
His expression changed in an instant. "How could this vial have been opened? It's... It's impossible!" 
Keira looked at his safe. "Grandpa, what's this safe made of?" 
"Aluminum alloy. With current technology, it just cannot be cracked open unless the door is cut down. But I check the safe every day, considering how valuable the contents are, and I've never found signs of tampering through violence." 
Keira walked around the safe, then turned to look at Lewis. 
Lewis explained, "This is a mechanical combination lock. If it were electronic, no matter how tough the lock, it could be hacked into, but a mechanical lock can only be opened with the right combination or by force. Therefore, the person who tampered with it can only be someone who knew the combination." 
Old Mr. Martin immediately said, "That's impossible... I'm the only one who knows my combination. Vera lives in the house but has never been allowed near this room... Now that I think about it, the only one who could have tampered with the poison seems to be me!" 
Realizing this, he turned to Keira in fear. "It's a good thing you were cautious and noticed something was off in time. Otherwise, if anything had happened to your father, I wouldn't be able to clear my name, no matter how hard I tried!" 
By then, the Martins and the Olsens would have to cut ties! 
And Keira would be caught in the middle, and that would be a tough spot to be in! 
He handed the white vial over to Keira. "I'll look into who in the house can freely enter my room." 
Since it was his bedroom, it definitely didn't have any surveillance installed. 
But the people who could enter his bedroom were few and far between. 
Keira nodded. "Thank goodness nothing happened." 
If she hadn't suddenly felt that something was off, feeling that everything was going too smoothly, and had given the medicine to Uncle Olsen, the consequences would have been unimaginable! 
Keira took the antidote, nodded at old Mr. Martin, and left with Lewis, heading back to the Olsen residence. 
Once they were upstairs, she finally took out the antidote and fed it to Uncle Olsen... 
She watched Uncle Olsen with bated breath... 
Lewis noticed her nervousness and reassured her. "Don't be afraid. This is definitely the real antidote." 
Keira asked, "Why?" 
Lewis said, "Because only if this is the real antidote will we be able to pin the theft on your grandfather, leaving the Olsens and you with no room for doubt!" 
Upon hearing this, Keira silently breathed a sigh of relief. 
But Uncle Olsen still showed no sign of waking up, which had Keira nervously pacing back and forth in his bedroom. 
That night, she couldn't sleep at all and asked the family doctor, "Why hasn't my dad woken up yet?" 
The family doctor replied, "For someone healthy, taking this poison would make them wake up quickly as if it were a tonic. But for someone with a weakened body, it becomes curative, and your father's deep sleep indicates that the medicine is nourishing his body functions." 
He sighed. "I've been with your father for over thirty years. After your mother left him, he was filled with self-blame and worked himself to exhaustion for a while, as if trying to forget your mother. That was when his health declined... This poison is actually a good thing. Consider it recuperation." 
Hearing that, Keira couldn't help but look at Uncle Olsen. 
Jodie South had two daughters with her father. Was it the same as her grandmother, who got pregnant for the sake of the South family? 
Keira pursed her lips, exhaling a deep sigh. 
If that was the case, could her father accept it? 
Did Jodie South ever truly love her father? 
Old Mr. Martin could be magnanimous because after Keira's grandmother went away, he married someone else and had a happy and peaceful life. 
But Uncle Olsen... He never married. Could he come to terms with it? 
Just as Keira was pondering this, Uncle Olsen, who had been motionless, suddenly started coughing. 
She immediately watched in alarm as Uncle Olsen clutched his chest, turned on his side, and spat out a mouthful of dark blood! 
Keira's pupils constricted as she shouted, "Dad!" 
In her anxious and flustered state, she turned to the family doctor and said, "Doctor, please take a look at my dad!"
###Chapter 611
611 Chapter 610 
Hearing Keira's cry, the family doctor, who had been sitting on the sofa, drowsy and half asleep, suddenly sat upright, hastily looking over. 
The bedroom door burst open, and Ellis and James, who had been staying up all night, rushed in. 
Seemingly aware of their movements, the other members of the Olsen family also entered one after another. 
Although they had taken turns to rest, they hadn't slept soundly and had been paying attention to the situation all along. 
However, Keira didn't notice these details; all her attention was focused on the blood that Uncle Olsen had vomited onto the floor! 
Her face was as pale as paper. 
She looked at Uncle Olsen, lying there lifeless, and felt her legs going weak... 
Had she fed him a fake antidote after all... 
Was Fox more cunning than she had thought? 
No, her father couldn't die... 
Keira grabbed the family doctor and shouted, "Help my father! You must save him!" 
Lewis steadied her. "Keira, let the doctor have a look first." 
It was then that Keira released the doctor. Her rationality seemed to dissipate at that moment. She stared at Uncle Olsen, feeling as if all her strength had been drained away... 
Before, when she saw those family members in the hospital with weak knees, sitting on the ground in disarray, she couldn't understand. But at this moment, she realized that she didn't want Uncle Olsen to die. 
Although they had only met halfway through her life, her father had unknowingly taken an important place in her heart... 
She looked at Uncle Olsen, and the scenes of their first meeting came back to her... 
It was in a restaurant, where he approached her and asked if he could share a table... They chatted happily, talking about their mothers. 
The joy of having just recognized Jodie South, with no one to share it with, was like that of a little girl as she opened up to Uncle Olsen about her feelings. 
Keira's breathing grew heavier, and her hands started to sweat. At that moment, a strong, warm hand grasped her shoulder. 
Turning slowly, she saw that Lewis was looking at her. "Keira, don't be nervous. The doctor hasn't given a diagnosis yet; don't scare yourself." 
His voice seemed to calm the heart. 
Keira nodded, took a deep breath, suppressed the anxiety in her heart, and turned to the family doctor. 
The family doctor carefully checked Uncle Olsen's physical condition and reviewed the data on various advanced instruments in the bedroom. Finally, he let out a heavy sigh. "The poison has been neutralized." 
Those words made Keira startle. "Really?" 
The family doctor nodded with joy. "Yes." 
Keira looked at the pale-faced Uncle Olsen, "But his complexion..." 
The family doctor smiled. "Mr. Olsen's long-standing illness has surfaced. This medicine is indeed a premium tonic. Now that he's shown some reaction, I can treat the symptoms. He's very weak now, but with proper care and rest, those chronic issues can all be cured! Give me a month's time, and I'll return to you a strong and healthy father!" 
Those words made everyone in the room breathe a huge sigh of relief. 
Only then did Keira feel her legs go soft, and she was barely able to stand with Lewis's support. 
Ellis and James also let out a sigh of relief, and both said at once, "Glad to hear that! That scared me to death." 
Uncle Olsen's two brothers also relaxed. "I'm so happy to hear that!" 
Keira asked, "When will my dad wake up?" 
The family doctor smiled. "Mr. Olsen has been too tired his whole life, and now, after using this premium tonic, he'll make up for all the sleep he's missed. I estimate that he'll wake up at the earliest in two days. His complexion has improved a lot, and his vital signs have already been recovered. He'll be well soon!" 
Keira nodded. 
The group stayed in the bedroom a little while longer before leaving. 
Keira then felt a great relief, and only then did she begin to feel her eyelids grow heavy. 
Because of Uncle Olsen's condition, she hadn't closed her eyes for three days, to which Lewis quickly said, "Get a good night's sleep." 
Keira yawned and looked worriedly toward Uncle Olsen. 
Ellis said, "I'll watch over Uncle tonight; you get some sleep. These past few days, all of us have taken turns keeping vigil, and you're the only one who hasn't rested. Now that Uncle is past the critical phase, you should get a good sleep and not worry too much." 
Keira nodded. "Alright." 
That night, Keira slept very soundly. 
But even so, she still awoke on schedule at eight o'clock the next morning. 
When one was sleepless, one could go on just with adrenaline, never feeling tired, but after having slept once, she felt as if her whole body had been run over by a large truck and terribly heavy. 
But she still got up. 
Lewis had been with her all along, and having not slept for a long time, he immediately opened his eyes when he heard movement. 
He looked at her with bleary eyes, the sleepiness making him less sharp than usual but adding a touch of warmth and cuteness. He rubbed his eyes and asked, "So early?" 
"Go back to bed. I still have to go to the Special Division. Vera hasn't been fully interrogated yet." 
"I'll accompany you." 
Lewis immediately got up to get dressed. 
Keira looked at him, and as she dressed, she asked, "Who do you think Fox is?" 
Lewis smiled. "Don't you already have an answer?"
###Chapter 612
612 Chapter 611 
Keira paused slightly upon hearing these words. 
Lewis said, "You've already had an answer in mind, haven't you? It's just that you're not sure yet. You went to see Vera today to force out that answer, right?" 
Keira couldn't help but sigh when she heard this. "How can you be so smart? I haven't said anything yet, and you've guessed it all!" 
Lewis said, "Actually, it's not hard to guess. That person must have a significant connection with the Martin family. There are only a few people who could know old Mr. Martin's password." 
Keira nodded, and she lowered her gaze with a hint of wistfulness. 
She and Lewis went downstairs, and just as they reached the dining table, they saw Charles eating breakfast. Catching sight of her, Charles immediately waved and said, "Keera, Uncle Olsen is fine now, and I have to go to school. Don't worry about him. I just went to see Uncle Olsen, and the doctor said he's sleeping soundly!" 
Keira nodded. 
She exchanged glances with Lewis, and they both sat down opposite Charles. 
A servant promptly served breakfast to the two of them. Keira cut a piece of beef and said candidly, "Dad is okay now, thanks to Vera." 
Upon hearing that, Charles was taken aback. "What do you mean?" 
Keira explained, "We put some pressure on her yesterday, and she told us the truth. It was as if she provided us with the information willingly." 
Lewis immediately interjected, "She was speaking out of ignorance, and being locked up in that place, she must have been somewhat panicked at first... But in the end, we do have to thank her. Be nice to her next time you see her." 
Keira nodded, "Yeah, I know." 
Charles said, "Be nice? She's a bad person. Keera, don't listen to Mr. Horton. You have to be tough when it's necessary! I think Vera is definitely the type who's afraid to die. You should interrogate her thoroughly and make her spill all her secrets!" 
Having said that, Charles stood up and wiped the corner of his mouth. "I'm leaving now. I have class today, and Erin is waiting for me..." 
Keira raised her eyebrows at this. "Waiting for you where?" 
Charles immediately had a shy smile. "Just at the door. She insists on taking me to school..." 
He scratched his head. "She's been clingy lately, saying she wants to have a daughter with me... but you can't just have a kid like that!" 
Keira immediately looked at him. "Have you reached that stage already?" 
Charles's face instantly turned red. "Don't be ridiculous! We're just in love! I'm leaving now!" 
The innocent big boy ran out the door, leaving Keira with a speechless smile. 
After breakfast, she immediately drove to the Special Division. 
Holly was already at work. Seeing both of them, she led the way to the interrogation room. Along the way, Holly said, "Another colleague and I interrogated Vera overnight. She's tight-lipped, unwilling to say anything." 
Holly expressed her frustrations with a sigh, "The main issue is that we know too little about the South family's affairs, so we can't extract any important information from her. However, we didn't let her sleep; we kept her up without rest, which should dull her mind and weaken her psychological defences, aiding in your interrogation." 
Keira immediately nodded her thanks. "Thanks for your hard work." 
"It's nothing. We used to have interrogations that lasted three days and three nights without sleep just to play endurance games with the suspects," Holly yawned. After escorting Keira to the interrogation room, she sat down on a bench in the corridor outside. "I'll take a nap here. You go in. Call me when you're done." 
"Okay." 
Keira pushed the door and entered the interrogation room. 
Inside, Vera was drowsy but it was impossible to fall asleep under the intense glare of two strong lights. 
It had only been a night, but he looked utterly exhausted. Her face was slick with grease, and dark circles had formed under her eyes. Upon hearing the noise, she turned her head woodenly and saw Keira. Then she numbly returned her gaze to the front. 
Keira walked over to her side and turned off the two lamps. 
The sudden comfort made Vera's eyes tear up, and she felt incredibly relaxed. 
But then, she heard Keira speak. "My dad is fine now, thanks to your antidote." 
Vera immediately showed an outraged expression and looked at her. "Rabbit, we all underestimated you! We thought you had given up the heiress position and wanted to live peacefully as a commoner, but no, you've been hiding your talents all these years!" 
Keira looked at her. "If I say I truly have no interest in that position, and I only wanted to save my mom, would you believe me?" 
"You think I'm an idiot?" 
Vera stared at her resentfully. "Your grandma and old Mr. Martin had your mom, and your mom had you with Uncle Olsen... All these things combined, isn't that enough to show your ambitions? I lost to you because I don't have such a powerful mother! I was alone while you had three generations of effort!" 
Keira's gaze dropped. 
She knew that what Vera was saying was true... 
Without her grandmother's help, it would indeed be impossible to solve the Martin family issue perfectly. 
Keira then looked at her, "So, Vera, do you want to pledge loyalty to me?" 
Vera was startled, "What did you say?" 
Keira looked at her seriously. "Actually, if you think about it, you haven't done anything heinous. You just poisoned my father, but ultimately, it was also because of you that he was saved. So, I'm willing to give you an opportunity, a chance to pledge loyalty to me." 
Vera widened her eyes, "What nonsense are you spouting? You? What gives you the right? 
Keira calmly looked at her. "Because my grandmother started paving the way for me and because of three generations of effort, you of one generation can't compare to me. Isn't that what you just said?" 
Vera was taken aback, then scoffed coldly, "You think Fox is just one generation's effort? Dream on if you think I'll pledge loyalty to you!" 
Keira's eyes flickered, and she smiled. "But you don't have any other options now, do you?" 
Vera paused, "What do you mean?" 
"The fact that you saved my father has already spread, and moreover, I said you saved him willingly. Tell me, what do you think Fox's reaction would be if she heard this? Admitting the truth of that poison would be your best submission to me, right?" 
Vera's face underwent a drastic change, "Keira, you shameless! When did I tell you willingly?!" 
"That's not important. What's important is, will Fox believe you?" 
Keira looked at her, composed, "If Fox wins, do you think she will ever forgive you?" 
Vera's breathing became noticeably heavier, "You…" 
"She won't. Fox is a cunning creature. One betrayed will never give that person another chance, but I can give you one." 
Vera froze, her resolve clearly shaken, "I… can't betray Fox." 
Keira leaned in closer. "I don't need you to betray her. I just need you to tell me some basics, like where exactly the South family is located and what their secrets are. What do they rely on to foresee the future? And what do they use to control so many global families?"
###Chapter 613
613 Chapter 612 
Vera narrowed her eyes, staring intently at Keira. "I don't know all the answers." 
Keira immediately tried to soothe her. "Then just tell me what you know." 
Vera said, "I have no idea what the South family relies on to predict the future. That itself is a secret held by those in power. Only after the contenders are assessed and the most excellent one is chosen will the South family pass on the ability to foresee the future. As for what they rely on to control so many noble families around the world, of course, it's their wealth!" 
"Wealth?" Keira was astonished. "How could the South family possibly have so much money?" 
"How could they not? You really don't remember anything, do you?" 
Vera mocked Keira outright, "Do you even know how much wealth the South family actually has?" 
Keira hesitated. "How much?" 
Vera said, "I don't know." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
"I don't know the answer because I'm too superficial to even imagine the wealth of the South family, but you literally don't know anything, right?" Vera scoffed. "With the way you are, how could you possibly win? How can I believe you?" 
Keira looked at Vera. "Tell me where the South family is." 
Vera looked back at her and suddenly smiled. "I can tell you, but you have to promise me one thing." 
"What is it?" 
"Once I tell you, you let me leave Crera." 
Keira's pupils shrank. "That's impossible! You're a criminal now! The crime you committed has been filed!" 
"I don't care." Vera leaned back in her chair, her eyes red from staying open all night. "You'll have to figure it out, Rabbit. If you don't even have that much ability, then there's no need for us to negotiate." 
Keira stared at her. 
Vera then spread her hands. "Can you do it?" 
"I can't." 
"But Fox can." 
Vera suddenly leaned forward, staring at Keira. "I know I'm not smart enough, but even Fox took a long time to subdue me. I know what she's like; she wouldn't just leave me locked up here. She's bound to come save me." 
Keira looked at her. "You're that confident?" 
"Yes," said Vera. "Because having me out benefits her more than having me locked up here." 
That statement made Keira tense up her jaw. 
She didn't know why Vera was so confident; could it be that... 
Vera smiled, "Do you think Fox has no backup plan?" 
As she said this, the sound of an argument came from outside. 
A man was shouting, "Holly, you are in a precarious situation yourself, yet here you are defending the person inside. The interrogation inside is under video surveillance. Does the Sims family always act above the law?" 
Holly retorted, "What are you babbling about?" 
Keira immediately looked at Vera. 
She saw Vera exhale deeply. "See? Fox has made her move. Your good friend seems to be in trouble now." 
Keira's pupils contracted, and she immediately went to open the door. As soon as the door swung open, she saw the guy who had blocked Holly in the archive room last time standing in front of her with others. "Holly, your grandfather is suspected of espionage and has been taken away by the higher-ups. Now, you need to cooperate with an internal investigation by the Special Division!" 
Upon hearing this, Holly became dumbfounded. "What are you talking about? That's impossible!" 
Luke sneered. "Officials from the higher-ups came to the Special Division just now, and they took him away while we watched. There's no question about it. Somebody reported to the higher-ups, and they've found evidence of his betrayal in his office!" 
Holly's pupils shrank. "There must be some misunderstanding; patriotism is the first rule of the Sims family. My grandfather would never do such a thing!" 
"Heh, the evidence is conclusive, and you still won't believe me. My father is temporarily in charge of the Special Division. Holly, you'd better confess everything you know willingly. You can even be exempted from responsibility if you cooperate!" 
Holly glared at Luke and retorted, "When did the Special Division start implementing a system of collective responsibility? My grandfather hasn't been convicted yet. Even if he was, what responsibility do I bear? Or do you also have evidence of my wrongdoing? If so, just take me away! Stop your little show already!" 
Luke choked, "You!" 
Keira hurried over to Holly's side and asked, "What's going on?" 
Holly replied, "It's still unclear." 
She then said, "I'm going to see Grandpa." 
Keira followed right beside her. "I'll come with you!" 
Holly then said, "I'm sorry, but you may not be able to continue the interrogation." 
"I'm the one who should be sorry," Keira sighed. "Perhaps it is I who have implicated you." 
Holly was taken aback, "What do you mean?" 
Keira said, "I suspect Fox is behind this. Vera just said that Fox did all this just to rescue her." 
Holly immediately clenched her fists. "Then my grandfather..." 
"Let's go and see what the situation is first." 
Holly nodded. 
The two of them walked past Luke. He sneered and followed behind Holly, quickly arriving in front of old Mr. Sims's office. 
Old Mr. Sims had already been taken away, and now there was a police line drawn here, and no one was allowed to enter. 
Holly grabbed old Mr. Sims's secretary and asked, "What on earth is going on?" 
The secretary was also lost and said puzzledly, "I don't know. Some people just came over, entered Mr. Sims's office, and found some information on his computer, which seemed to involve some classified files. Mr. Sims was taken away immediately." 
Holly asked, "What classified files?!" 
The secretary sighed, "They are chat records with foreigners and records of Mr. Sims providing them with classified materials." 
"Someone must be framing my grandfather!" 
Holly grew anxious. "How could such inexplicable things appear on my grandfather's computer?" 
The secretary pursed her lips, "But..." 
"But what?" 
"But Mr. Sims admitted that those things were indeed sent by him." 
Holly was instantly stunned, "What?!" 
The secretary didn't dare to speak further and simply said, "They are calling me over for an investigation now. I must go." 
After the secretary was taken away, Holly stared blankly into the room. 
She turned back and grabbed Keira's hand. "Keira, my grandpa would never do such a thing..." 
Keira nodded, "I believe you." 
She and Holly had known each other for many years, and she had even gone to play at Holly's house. Their family was strict and upright, and the adults in the family were all honorable people. 
Moreover, old Mr. Sims must have been deliberately targeted by Fox; there must have been some misunderstanding. 
As the two of them were speaking, Luke came over with others and laughed. "You still have the composure to worry about others? Holly, let me tell you, you are in trouble yourself now!" 
Holly glared at him. "What trouble?" 
"What trouble?" Luke suddenly pointed at Keira. "You brought an outsider into the Special Division without authorization, and you handed over the interrogation room to her to interrogate a suspect. This is a grave violation of discipline. You've been dismissed from the Special Division!"
###Chapter 614 Senior Sister of the Freeman Sect!
Chapter 614 Senior Sister of the Freeman Sect!
Holly couldn't help but laugh in anger when she heard that. "My grandfather hasn't even been convicted yet, and the Dawson family is already so eager to push me out!" 
Luke's expression changed. "What nonsense are you talking about? We don't have any ulterior motives!" 
"Really?" 
Holly said, "Ever since I joined the Special Division, you've been targeting me. You think you've finally caught me on something, don't you? But Luke, you and I are on the same level; you don't have the authority to fire me!" 
She looked at the surrounding staff. "If you want to drive the Sims family out, just say it outright. We're not people who cling to power and status; there's no need to use such methods!" 
Luke was speechless. 
Before he could speak, a calm voice rang out. "Holly, I'll have to disagree." 
Everyone turned around, only to see a middle-aged man striding over. His face bore a smile, yet his eyes concealed a sense of authority, like a smiling tiger, not to be underestimated. 
Seeing the newcomer, Luke called out, "Dad!" 
Keira instantly understood; the man was the deputy head of the Special Division, Luke's father. He was the one who had always wanted to take old Mr. Sims's place after his retirement. Holly had told her about him; this man was Brian Dawson. 
Hearing Luke, Brian spoke in a solemn tone. "In the company, you should call people by their official title!" 
"Yes, Director Dawson." 
Luke quickly corrected himself. 
With the Special Division's exceptional status, it was referred to as a company, and the staff was ranked mostly the same as in regular companies. Thus, the leaders were called directors. 
When Holly heard this, she countered, "Director Dawson? Shouldn't it be Deputy Director Dawson?" 
Luke raised his chin. "After your grandpa ran into trouble, the higher-ups asked my dad to take over temporarily, so now, my dad is the director here!" 
Holly retorted, "The formal appointment hasn't been issued yet, and you're already so impatient?" 
Luke wanted to say more, but Brian said, "Holly is right. For now, you should still call him Deputy Director Dawson." 
Luke pouted and nodded. 
It was only then that Brian looked toward Holly. "Little Holly, don't worry. Everyone has seen how your grandfather has handled things over the years. Rest assured, our company will never condemn a good person!" 
Holly's expression relaxed somewhat, but then she heard Brian continue, "But we'll definitely not let a bad person go! Especially for charges of espionage! Our company has zero tolerance for that crime. Once verified, I'm afraid even you, Little Holly, may be affected. Although there's no longer a punishment of guilt by association, the crime certainly relates to the family..." 
Holly suddenly felt a tightness in her chest. 
She wanted to say something but found herself unable to speak. Luke then said, "Deputy Director Dawson... I mean, I want to file a report right now. Holly acted for personal gain under the guise of official duty! The suspect we caught yesterday was detained in the interrogation room, and this woman..." 
Luke pointed to Keira. "She's an enemy of Vera South; by rights, as the plaintiff, she shouldn't have met with Vera South officially. However, not only did Holly allow them to meet, but she also lent the interrogation room to her, letting her interrogate Vera South. Isn't this equivalent to setting up a private court?" 
Holly narrowed her eyes. 
Brian then looked over to Holly. "Little Holly, you'd better explain yourself. Surely, there's no such thing, right? As the granddaughter of Mr. Sims, you should maintain your integrity and wouldn't do such a thing, correct?" 
Holly took a deep breath. 
Seeing this, Keira scoffed. 
This father and son duo, what a perfect act they've put together. 
She stared at them and suddenly said, "Who says Holly acted for personal gain under the guise of official duty?" 
Luke cried out, "How is it not acting for personal gain under the guise of official duty? Furthermore, when she went to the Martin family to arrest someone yesterday, I found out that she even called in people from the Freeman Sect..." 
Luke looked at Brian. "Deputy Director Dawson, the Freeman Sect is our strongest external support. We only seek their help for executing special missions. 
"But Holly casually summoned their people, completely disregarding the Freeman Sect, behaving as if they were subordinates to our Special Division, which is downright disrespectful to them! 
"The Freeman Sect and the Special Division complement each other, and their Sect Leader holds a position similar to old Mr. Sims. 
"Today, the Freeman Sect submitted a new list. Their Sect Leader is old and doesn't fuss over things with us younger folks, but their senior sister is now back, and this matter is definitely going to be pursued. 
"Holly, I wonder how you're going to explain this to the Freeman Sect!" 
After Luke finished, a gloating look appeared on his face. 
Holly narrowed her eyes, but someone couldn't help but speak up for her, "Holly is definitely not that kind of person. If she took people from the Freeman Sect to arrest someone, that person must have some very important secret..." 
Luke retorted, "Is that so? What secret? When the Special Division needs to use people from the Freeman Sect to capture important criminals, it requires layers of approval. I just want to ask Holly, who gave the secret order to mobilize the Freeman Sect?" 
He pointed straight at Keira again. "And who is this person? Why does she have the right to enter the Special Division and casually interrogate criminals?!" 
Hearing his question, Holly couldn't help but laugh. 
Keira stepped forward. "Holly didn't summon the people from the Freeman Sect. I did." 
At this revelation, Luke looked incredulous. "You?"
###Chapter 615 Special Relationship
Chapter 615 Special Relationship
Keira scoffed and said, "What's the matter? Can't do it?" 
Luke immediately shouted, "Just to get Holly off the hook, you really dare to spout any nonsense! Do you know what the Freeman Sect is? Do you know who James is among the people who acted tonight? He is a direct lineage disciple from the Freeman Sect, the next generation Sect Leader. Do you think the Freeman Sect is just some ordinary martial arts sect you can hire with money? It's one of the five great families of Clance!" 
Luke had said all this in one breath and then angrily added, "You make those tall claims without blushing or skipping a beat. If you can mobilize the Freeman Sect, I'll eat shit standing on my head!" 
No sooner had these words fallen than Keira scoffed. 
James's voice immediately followed. "Then stand on your head." 
Luke was stunned and, turning his head, saw James striding over and standing next to Keira. He then turned to Luke. "I'm the one she invited to help. So why aren't you eating shit already? Do you need someone to give you a push? Want me to go to the bathroom and get you something warm?" 
Luke was speechless. 
The others didn't know what to say either. 
Luke twitched the corner of his mouth, feeling disgusted at James's words. 
He frowned immediately. "James, are you sure she invited you?" 
"Indeed." 
"How is that possible?!" 
Luke frowned, angrily looking at Keira. "How could a woman like her summon so many people from the Freeman Sect to do her bidding?" 
After saying that, Luke gave James a once-over. "Could it be that you and she... have something going on?" 
As soon as he had said, he immediately speculated. "That must be it! Well done, James. Weren't you engaged to Kate? The Freeman Sect appointed you as the second senior brother and even decided you'd be the next head of the family precisely because you'd be a matrilocal husband to the Freeman family. I didn't expect you, a matrilocal husband, to dare to fool around outside!" 
James was perplexed. 
He felt completely dumbfounded and shouted angrily, "Don't be ridiculous! How can she and I have something going on?" 
After saying that, he suddenly realized something. "Wait. She's indeed special to me because she's..." 
Before he could finish, Luke interrupted him. "She's what? Are you still looking for excuses? If she's not your mistress, why would you help her like this? I heard that quite a few from the Freeman family were involved yesterday. James, how do you have the face to do this? Are you using the Freeman family's power to help your mistress? I'm going to tell Kate right now!" 
Luke had always liked Kate and wanted to court her. 
Luke was one of the candidates who wanted to become a matrilocal husband to the Freeman Sect, but unfortunately, he was defeated by James. 
Now, his eyes lit up with the possibility. 
If James had really cheated, Luke would still have a chance! 
They could have several children if he married Kate and became a matrilocal husband to the Freeman family. The first child would bear the Freeman surname, and the others could take his surname. Wouldn't the Freeman Sect then become part of the Dawson family? 
And with the support of the Freeman family, it would be effortless for the Dawson family to replace the Sims family as the head of the Special Division! 
Although old Mr. Sims had run into trouble, and Brian Dawson was temporarily acting as the director, everyone knew this was just a stand-in. If old Mr. Sims was exonerated, Brian would have to return the position, and even... 
Even if old Mr. Sims was convicted, Holly and her father would still be able to take his place. After all, the Special Division was a heritage passed down through the Sims family from ancient times. 
The officials would also have to consider the Sims family's sentiment... 
So, with the help of the Freeman family, Luke and his father could take over the Special Division. 
Thinking this way, Luke looked at James with increasing contempt and even took out his phone, ready to call Kate. 
James looked at Luke as if the latter were a fool and said, "You don't need to make a call." 
He turned around and motioned to Kate, who wasn't far away. "Kate, Luke has something to tell you!" 
Yesterday, to fully subdue Vera South and gain control over the Martin family, Keira had the Freeman Sect mobilize nearly all their people in Clance, which was why Kate was also here. 
Having been on the Special Division side with James since early today, when Kate heard this, she scampered over, looped her arm through James's, and looked at Luke. "What do you want to tell me? I certainly don't have anything to say to you." 
She looked down on Luke. 
Luke had courted Kate, but she wanted to avoid any appearance of impropriety lest James get the wrong idea or become jealous. 
When Luke heard this, he pointed at Keira. "Kate, do you know? James keeps a mistress, and it's her. To make his little mistress smile, he even had your Freeman Sect do her a favor yesterday. You can't be fooled by James..." 
Kate was confused. 
She stared blankly at Keira for a moment, then back at Luke. "You've always been an idiot, but now you've gone blind, too?" 
Luke was taken aback. "What?" 
Kate scoffed and pointed at Keira. "Do you even know who she is?" 
Luke said, "Who could she be? Kate, don't listen to James's nonsense. He's fooling around with this woman! Otherwise, how could James possibly help her like this?!" 
"Do you even know who Keira is?"
###Chapter 616 Chapter 615
616 Chapter 615 
Luke wanted to say something, but Kate interrupted him. "Just shut up, will you? Before you try to sow discord, find out who you're dealing with, okay?" 
After that, she looked at James, "How could I have been so blind to have known such a brainless fool?" 
James patted her shoulder. "Just be smarter in the future." 
Furious, Luke asked, "What are you talking about? Kate, has James deceived you?" 
Kate twitched the corner of her mouth. "Come here, let me introduce you to someone. This is Keira Olsen. She's James's cousin and Uncle Olsen's biological daughter!" 
Upon hearing that, Luke was stunned, and he looked at Kate incredulously, "What did you say?" 
Kate scoffed. "I said, she's James's cousin!" 
Luke looked blankly at Keira and then back at James. 
James tilted his head, pointing to Keira. "Can't you see? We look so much alike!" 
Luke didn't know what to say. 
One had a tanned and ruddy face, while the other was slender and delicate; how could they possibly look alike?! 
However... 
Luke continued. "Even if that's the case, does that mean the Freeman Sect is occupied with James' private affairs? He hasn't even taken over the Freeman Sect yet, and he is treating it like his own personal clan. The Freeman Sect can't meddle in the affairs of the other four major families. Even if James were to marry into another family, he couldn't use the Freeman Sect to help the Olsen family with their business!" 
He turned to Kate. "Don't be fooled by him!" 
Kate twitched the corner of her mouth again, "You don't give up until you're at wit's end. Prick up your ears, and I'll spell it out for you! Keera is …" 
She pointed at Keira and was about to speak. 
Luke followed Kate's finger, looking at Keira. 
His pupils began to shrink. 
But the next moment, he heard Keira interrupt Kate. "That's correct. I'm also an Inner Sect Disciple of the Freeman sect, and that means I hold a position within the Special Division. Be it my presence here, the interrogation of a criminal, or the Freeman Sect's action last night, all of it is justified and legitimate!" 
Keira stepped forward, shielding Holly. She then looked at Luke and Brian. "Gentlemen, do you have any other ions?" 
Luke was startled. "You're an Inner Sect Disciple? Why haven't I heard about it?" 
Keira lowered her gaze. "I was recently promoted from the Outer Sect to the Inner Sect. Does the Freeman Sect have to report every single personnel change to you first?" 
She addressed Brian. "The Freeman Sect and the Special Division aren't in the same ranking system, right? If I remember correctly, we're on equal footing, and we have no obligation to report to you!" 
The Freeman Sect could inform the Special Division about its personnel changes, but there was no obligation, and the notice was only to facilitate cooperation between the two. Thus, such a requirement existed. 
If it weren't for the sake of collaboration, the Freeman Sect wouldn't even need to report to the Special Division. 
As the Freeman Sect was an integral part of the Special Division, Brian, wishing for a smooth transition and control of the Special Division, had to maintain a good relationship with the Freeman Sect. 
Therefore, upon hearing this, he immediately waved his hand with a smile. "How could that be possible? Miss Olsen is joking, of course. This was all a misunderstanding. I'll make Luke apologize to everyone right now!" 
After that, he gave Luke a stern look. 
Although Luke was reluctant, he still took a deep breath and said begrudgingly, "Sorry, it was my fault, but you shouldn't have snatched people secretly, making it seem like we're thieves..." 
Brian immediately glared at him and said, "Alright, let's put this matter to rest. Mr. Sims was just taken away, and the Special Division is also swamped with work. I have some things to handle, so I'll take my leave." 
Having said that, he dragged Luke away. 
Keira paid him no mind. 
After they had left, Kate and James looked at Keira, puzzled, "Keera, why didn't you reveal your identity as the senior sister just now?" 
Keira was about to explain when Holly said, "The senior sister's identity is too prestigious; how could it be revealed so easily? Alright, don't talk too much; she has her reasons." 
Kate and James were both simple-minded individuals, so they immediately nodded in agreement. "Okay, then we'll get back to our business." 
Once the two had left, Keira turned to Holly. "I'm not suitable to reveal my identity at the moment." 
Vera had just said that Fox could interfere with the Special Division, which meant inside the Special Division, there was a hidden ally for Fox. Moreover, the data in old Mr. Sims's room couldn't have been acquired by an outsider, so she must find out who this hidden ally was. 
She refrained from revealing her identity because the senior sister's status was too special. If she put it out there, Fox would still have other ways to respond. So, she would keep her identity as her trump card and see what Fox was up to. 
With that in mind, she looked at Holly again. 
Holly whispered, "I understand. Your sister, Keera, was the senior sister of the Freeman Sect. You've taken her place but haven't learned her martial arts. Once your identity is revealed, it'll be easy for others to see through you." 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She looked at Holly, completely baffled. 
No wonder Holly showed no surprise when she was told that Keira was the senior sister. All along, Holly had thought Keera was the real senior sister. 
Keira was at once amused and speechless. She wanted to explain, but unexpectedly, Luke came back, standing right in front of them. 
Luke's eyes were now filled with a ruthless gleam as he sized up Keira. "Miss Olsen, I was shortsighted just now, not realizing that you are already an Inner Sect Disciple of the Freeman Sect. For many years, I've wanted to ask for guidance from the Freeman Sect. Why don't you enlighten me with some martial arts?" 
Luke thought, "This cousin of James must have relied on James's status to enter the Freeman Sect." He had been humiliated and definitely wanted to get it back from her! 
Keira's eyes lit up when she heard the request. Did someone actually invite a beating? 
She rubbed her hands eagerly. "Just a friendly spar?" 
Luke's gaze hardened. "Yeah, just a friendly spar. But if we accidentally hurt each other in the process, we wouldn't mind, right?" 
Keira was about to agree when Holly suddenly rushed forward/ "Luke, enough is enough!" 
Luke sneered. "Holly, why are you so worked up? I'm just sparring a little with Miss Olsen. She's an Inner Sect Disciple of the Freeman Sect. She must be a good martial arts practitioner, right?" 
Holly found herself at a loss for words. "With so much happening at the Special Division today, we're not in the mood to spar with you!" 
Luke laughed. "Now that the situation is in the hands of the higher-ups there's nothing we can do but wait for news. Why can't we spar? Or are you saying... Miss Olsen doesn't dare to spar?" 
Holly looked anxiously at Keira. "How could she not dare? It's just that I feel there's no need... Stop causing trouble here!" 
"How am I causing trouble? There is a precedent for mutual learning between the Special Division and the Freeman Sect. I'm just asking Miss Olsen for some guidance. What's wrong with that?" 
Holly was about to say more, but Keira patted her shoulder. "Don't worry."
###Chapter 617 Chapter 616
617 Chapter 616 
Holly frowned upon hearing this and lowered her voice. "Luke is a rare talent in the Special Division. Are you up for it?" 
Keira replied, "He probably can't beat me." 
But Holly said, "If you were the true senior sister, there would definitely be no problem, but your situation is special..." 
Before she could continue, Luke already laughed. "What, getting cold feet? Holly, when your grandfather was the director of the Special Division, he commanded the respect of all of us. Now it's come to you, and you can't even handle it when I spar with someone else?" 
Holly tensed her jaw. "If you want to have a go, I'll oblige you, but my friend..." 
"You haven't practiced martial arts. What use is it for you to spar with me? I'm only asking your friend." 
Luke rolled up his sleeves and looked at Keira, "Shall we? Let's have a go in the main hall just ahead." 
Keira looked towards the main hall and snickered. "Fine, let's go." 
The two headed toward the main hall, with Holly hurriedly following Luke. "We agreed it's only a friendly contest. You have to be mindful of the force you use!" 
Luke laughed. "Well, when sparring, one may unintentionally use too much strength. It can't be helped, right? Miss Olsen, as a martial artist, you should understand this principle, right?" 
Keira glanced at him. "Shouldn't martial artists learn how to control their strength above all else?" 
Every martial artist possessed great strength; if they didn't know how to control it, what would happen if they accidentally harmed an ordinary person? 
Apart from the horse stance, the first lesson her master taught her was how to control her strength. 
How could she not be able to hold back? 
Luke narrowed his eyes. "But when we start fighting, it's easy to get carried away. Martial contests are inherently intense actions. Miss Olsen, if you're afraid, then you might as well admit defeat right now." 
Keira scoffed and remained silent. 
Anxious, Holly quickly said, "Then just admit defeat! Don't delay the important matters! Afterward, you can say you didn't want to bully anyone..." 
Keira didn't respond, only wishing to teach Luke a lesson. 
Unfortunately, before the two even reached the hall, someone came rushing over and called out to Holly. "Holly, Deputy Director Dawson wants to see you!" 
Holly stopped abruptly. "What does he want with me?" 
"It's about Vera South, the criminal you caught yesterday. He wants to discuss it with you." 
Holly frowned and looked at Keira. 
Keira said, "Let's go have a look." 
She followed Holly toward Deputy Director Dawson's office, and Luke followed closely. "What are you doing? My father wants to see Holly, not you! Don't tell me you're looking for an excuse because you're scared to fight me?" 
Keira paid him no attention. 
Teaching him a lesson could be postponed. After all, Luke wasn't going anywhere. 
Vera's matter involved Fox's scheme. She had to go see for herself! 
Without a word, she and Holly went straight to Brian's office door. Holly knocked, bringing Keira inside. 
Brian looked at Keira. "Why are you here?" 
Before Keira could answer, Holly said, "She's an Inner Sect Disciple of the Freeman Sect and a commissioned member of the Special Division. I don't know martial arts, so I asked her to accompany me on the job." 
Brian seemed about to say something else when Holly asked, "You called for me. Is it about Vera's case? What is it?" 
Brian glanced at Keira and handed Holly a document. "This is the confession obtained during the interrogation of Vera. Surprisingly, a lot of the content involves international crime." 
Holly took the interrogation record and looked at Keira. 
Keira looked at it as well. 
In it, Vera had exposed her past crime committed in Country M, which was also related to a murder case, and she was even suspected of arms trafficking. 
All those charges combined were far more serious than the mistakes she had committed in Crera. 
Keira's gaze darkened. 
Brian said, "Given the gravity of the situation, we have contacted Interpol. They want to extradite the trafficker. The crimes she committed domestically will be processed jointly with those abroad." 
At these words, Keira exchanged a glance with Holly. 
Just now, Vera said Fox would rescue her from here, and at that time, Keira didn't believe her, but now, she suddenly understood. 
Vera had taken the initiative to expose her own past crimes, implicating herself in international crime... 
Keira could almost imagine that once Vera was taken away, Fox would make contact with the person she knew in the Interpol, who could rescue Vera! 
Even if they didn't rescue her after Vera was convicted and imprisoned, who would know if the Vera locked up in the international prison was still the real Vera?! 
Fox had calculated even this step. 
Indeed, she was quite crafty. 
Keira fell silent for a moment and then looked at Brian, narrowing her eyes. "Who reported this matter to Interpol?" 
Fox had insiders in the Special Division, which meant that the case couldn't have escalated this swiftly otherwise. 
If the case had been suppressed, Vera wouldn't have been taken by the Interpol. 
Keira had suspected that Brian and Luke were Fox's undercover agents in the Special Division, but after considering it carefully, she felt it was unlikely. 
Those two held such high positions within the Special Division that their backgrounds could certainly withstand scrutiny. 
For this reason, Keira concealed her identity as the senior sister to deal with Fox's future challenges. 
Upon hearing her question, Brian scoffed. "How could I possibly know that? Everyone in our department works in an orderly manner. Just because you have a personal grudge against Vera, should the Special Division suppress this case for your sake?" 
Keira tensed her jaw. 
Holly said, "Deputy Director Dawson, it's not appropriate to let Interpol take her away without a thorough investigation. I think we should retain Vera." 
Brian scoffed instantly. "Holly, we must follow the rules and regulations in our work. The Special Division isn't the private prison of the Sims family. Do I need to remind you of that again?" 
Holly was suddenly at a loss for words. "I..." 
"All right, your grandfather is under investigation, and now I have to deal with a lot of things in the Special Division. If you have nothing else, you can leave now. Interpol will come to take her tomorrow, so prepare the paperwork for the handover." 
After that, he pointed to the door. "Out, both of you!" 
After Holly and Keira walked out of Brian's office, Holly said angrily, "This is the difference between caring and not caring. To Brian, Vera has no significance, and he would definitely prefer to push the case away... If Grandpa were still here, he would definitely be able to stop those people from Interpol! Keira, what do we do now?!" 
Keira, however, lowered her gaze and drew a cold smile. "Let's see if they can really take her away!" 
###Chapter 618
618 Chapter 617 
Holly frowned with worry. 
Seeing this, Keira immediately offered words of comfort. "Don't worry. I'm prepared." 
Holly asked anxiously, "Then what do we do now?" 
Keira replied, "You go back and get some sleep first. We'll talk after that." 
Holly had been keeping vigil here all night, toiling away without sleep, and since Vera hadn't slept, she hadn't either. She had large dark circles under her eyes. 
Upon hearing Keira's suggestion, she sighed. "All right then." 
They walked toward the exit of the Special Division. Just as they reached the doorway, a voice filled with urgency called out, "Holly!" 
Keira turned her head t and saw it was Holly's father, Vincent. 
The middle-aged man maintained his scholarly and appropriate demeanor. His stride was firm as he approached them. 
When Keira saw him, there was a hint of distraction on her face. 
Back in junior high, she and Holly were best friends, so she would often see Vincent. 
Although Vincent was a forensic doctor, he often dressed in casual attire, holding a donut in hand as he took Holly to school. He would occasionally bring an extra one for Keira if he knew she hadn't had breakfast. 
Whenever Vincent spoke to Holly, he was always gentle, with a smile on his face. 
He wore glasses and spoke with clear logic. His deep voice always conveyed a sense of stability, as though he could hold up the sky for Holly. 
Whenever Keira saw Vincent, she felt admiration. 
Because, in her imagination, that was what a father should be like. 
Taylor treated Isla just like that, gentle and patient. 
But whenever he faced Keira, it was with disdain and impatience. 
It made her wonder if her existence was a mistake; otherwise, why would she be so disliked... 
The harder fatherly love was to come by, the more she envied others for having it. 
Perhaps neither Holly nor Vincent knew her thoughts back then... 
Looking back, Keira only felt as if it were a lifetime ago. 
It was as if the life with Taylor and Poppy in Oceanion had long faded from memory. Now, she also had a father who adored her... 
Keira gathered her thoughts, only to see Holly with teary eyes. 
Holly had just shown strength in front of Keira but had now turned into a child in front of her father. She said with a grievance, "Dad, what on earth is happening with Grandpa?" 
It was also why Vincent came here. His face was still gentle when he touched Holly's head and explained, "Your grandfather will be fine. The Sims family is loyal to Crera. He couldn't have done anything wrong." 
Holly frowned. "But they said they've found key evidence!" 
Vincent lowered his gaze. "Don't worry, there must be some misunderstanding. However, we have to trust the authorities. They won't wrong a good person!" 
Yet Holly bit her lip. 
Seeing her like this, Vincent couldn't help but smile. "What's the matter? I know you're worried about your grandfather, so I came here to reassure you. Why the long face still?" 
Holly then looked toward Keira, "But Vera South, the criminal that we caught and the one who wanted to kill Keera, has a very powerful background. She has a connection with the Interpol. The Interpol is coming tomorrow to take her away! Dad, we can't let them do that; otherwise, the matter with Keera will never be cleared up!" 
Upon hearing Holly's words, Vincent looked toward Keira. 
Upon seeing her, he was slightly startled, "Keira? You... Holly cut him short. "Dad, she's not Keira. She just resembles Keira a bit. She's the only daughter of the Olsen family, Keera Olsen." 
Vincent was startled. 
When he met Keira years ago, she was still in junior high. It had been over ten years since he last saw her, so he wasn't certain of her current appearance. 
He hesitated, examining "Keera". 
Holly instantly said, "She's a friend I made in Clance. Dad, can you help her? Keep Vera here!" 
Vincent frowned, "Holly, you..." 
"Dad, I'm begging you!" 
Holly gave Vincent's arm a little shake. 
Vincent managed a wry smile. "All right, I'll think of something, but no promises." 
"I know you're the best!" 
After that, Holly looked at Keira. "Keera, don't worry. Since my dad said he'll think of a way, he will definitely manage to keep Vera here for you." 
Keira nodded her appreciation. "Thank you, Uncle Sims." 
"You're welcome." 
Vincent hesitated as he looked at Keira. "You just mentioned the person who got caught is Vera South? Her surname is South?" 
Keira's senses sharpened at once, and she asked, "Uncle, do you know of the South family?" 
Vincent nodded. "The South family is quite a mysterious force." 
Keira had heard this introduction more times than she could count... 
In Clance, when people who had heard of the South family spoke of them, their first remark was always the same. 
Mysterious. 
That single word was the definition of the South family. 
Vincent continued. "My father and I have studied the South family. We believe that while they keep a low profile, they're not to be underestimated. The Special Division has also been collecting information on the South family, but unfortunately, so far, we haven't uncovered much. If my father were here, he definitely wouldn't let Interpol take the person away. What a good opportunity to learn about the South family!" 
Holly was taken aback. "Is the South family that important? Is it worthy of such attention?" 
Vincent nodded. "The main issue is we don't know whether they are friends or foes. Their position is very strange as if they don't take sides, yet at the same time, they seem to have an agenda..." 
Holly quickly explained to Keira, "The Special Division is tasked with gathering intel on potential threats to the country's future..." 
Keira nodded in understanding. 
Vincent said, "Given that, I must help my father keep Vera here. I'll figure out a way." 
Leaving those words behind, he turned and walked away. 
Only then did Holly look at Keira. "The people from Interpol won't arrive until tomorrow. Should we go and interrogate Vera now to see if we can get more information?" 
Keira shook her head. "Interpol's arrival has given Vera hope. She won't divulge anything before that hope is shattered." 
Holly appeared slightly disappointed. "So we can't do anything today." 
"Yeah, get some rest. Save your energy. We'll have to deal with Interpol's people tomorrow." 
Holly said, "Right, we absolutely can't let them take Vera!" 
Keira nodded, thinking, "And while I'm at it, I'll expose the mole inside the Special Division, Fox's agent!"
###Chapter 619
619 Chapter 618 
After saying goodbye to Holly, Keira headed to the parking lot. 
Lewis was standing by the car waiting for her. "Where to next?" 
"The Olsen residence." 
The two got into the car, and Lewis drove toward the Olsen residence. 
On the way, Keira suddenly turned to him and asked, "You're following me around every day. What about the Horton Group?" 
"Don't worry. Tom will handle it." 
Keira then asked, "What about your companies abroad?" 
"I'll handle those." 
Keira couldn't help but say, "I mean, maybe you should go back to the company for a visit. As the chairman, you shouldn't be absent all the time, right?" 
Lewis didn't look at her but kept his eyes on the road ahead as he said, "You don't need to find ways to send me away. I'm not going to leave you." 
Keira chuckled. "You've seen right through me." 
Lewis said, "You're pushing Fox into a corner. You're worried she might strike, and I am worried, too." 
Keira sighed, "I underestimated the South family before, which is why my sister died in that accident. This time... I can't underestimate the South family. If Fox becomes desperate enough to assassinate me, I don't know from which direction the attack will come." 
Although she was considered a top-ranked martial arts practitioner, there were countless ways to kill a person. 
Back in Oceanion, she and Keera had been kidnapped onto that ship without anyone noticing. 
Even after the fact, no traces were left. 
All the surveillance was destroyed and completely irreparable. 
There were no witnesses; it was as if she and Keera had magically gone from that private room to the ship... 
The power of the South family shouldn't be underestimated! 
She worried that Lewis would be dragged into the mess with her, which was why she just tried to find a way to make Lewis leave... 
Lewis then said, "That's why I need to stick by your side to protect you." 
Keira said, "Grandma isn't cured yet..." 
Lewis asked, "Keira, are you scared?" 
Keira hesitated. 
Lewis then said, "The South family is indeed formidable, but if you feel defeated without a fight and scare yourself first, you've already lost." 
Keira frowned. "Don't lecture me here. I'm not afraid of anything, not even death. But..." 
Lewis turned to look at her. "Do you know what I'm afraid of?" 
"What?" 
"I'm afraid of you leaving me again," Lewis said, his gaze firmly fixed on the road ahead. "I fear the helplessness of not being by your side when you leave me." 
He steered the car with one hand while holding her hand with the other. "I want to hold your hand and grow old with you. You're my wife. Until death do us part." 
Keira's eyes gradually moistened. 
She suddenly smiled and held his hand back tightly. "Alright, until death do us part! We'll stick together." 
As they talked, they returned to the Olsen residence. 
Uncle Olsen was still in a deep sleep, not yet awake. 
Keira and Lewis went to see him together, and when they were leaving, they saw Erin entering the house. 
She greeted them warmly as soon as she saw them. "Where's Charles? Hasn't he finished school yet?" 
Keira studied her and smiled. "I don't know." 
Erin pouted. "That guy told me to wait for him here, and now he's not even back yet." 
She took out her phone and sent a WhatsApp message to Charles. "Where are you? I'm at the Olsen's!" 
The message had just been sent when a voice came from the entrance downstairs. "I'm back! Erin, let's go. I'll take you to a state banquet!" 
Erin's eyes lit up as she hurried downstairs. "Really? Is it delicious?" 
"Of course, it's delicious! This hotel is used for entertaining foreign guests; the chef used to be a royal cook..." 
"I'm drooling already!" 
Erin's laughter rang out as the young couple left the house, seemingly oblivious to the sorrows of the world, making Keira and Lewis exchange glances. 
Lewis asked, "What's Amy's full name?" 
Keira lowered her gaze. "On her identity card, it's 'Erin.' 
"As in Erin South Martin?" 
"Yup." 
"What a coincidence." 
"Yeah, quite the coincidence." 
Keira smiled. "I don't know if it's just a coincidence or if it has some other meaning, but the South family is really too mysterious. Up until now, none of the clues connect, and I have no idea what they're actually doing." 
"We'll Meet each challenge with its own solution, and step by step we'll trace back to the South family and rescue your mother," Lewis said reassuringly. 
Keira immediately nodded and then looked down. "After tomorrow, when I've defeated Fox, we should be able to pry open Vera's mouth, and we'll get some answers." 
Lewis wrapped his arm around her shoulder. "Yes, let's look forward to tomorrow." 
... 
It was soon the next day. 
Since they didn't know when the Interpol would come to transfer Vera, Keira and Lewis arrived at the Special Division early. 
They went straight to the interrogation room to visit Vera. 
Under Holly's watch, Vera had yet another sleepless night. Her eyes were red, and she seemed to be on the verge of collapse. 
Seeing Keira, she sneered. "Do you think by treating me this way, I'll tell you what you want to know? Rabbit, every girl in the South family has undergone special training. This kind of torture is nothing to me! You underestimated Fox, and you've underestimated me, too!" 
Keira lowered her gaze, "Is that so?" 
"Of course," Vera said with a defiant attitude. "After today, I'll be taken away by the Interpol, and we'll never see each other again! Do you really think you can trap me here?" 
Keira looked at her. "Let's make a bet." 
"What bet?" 
"If the Interpol takes you away, I'll admit defeat. If not, you tell me all the secrets of the South family." 
Vera stared at her, and after a long while, she scoffed. "Deal."
###Chapter 620
620 Chapter 619
Vera closed her eyes. 
It was daytime, and both lamps had been extinguished, allowing her bloodshot eyes to get some relief finally. 
But the chair she was sitting on had no backrest, making it difficult even to lean back, so despite the pain in her back, she maintained a calm and collected demeanor in front of Keira. 
She seemed quite certain that the person coming today would definitely take her away. 
She had confidence in Fox's abilities. 
Seeing this, Keira lowered her eyes and slowly walked out of the room. 
Who exactly was Fox? What forces were behind her? How many people had she managed to place inside the Interpol to make Vera so confident? 
As Keira pondered, Lewis came over. "People from Interpol have arrived." 
Keira immediately perked up and followed Lewis. 
They had just walked over when they heard an argument breaking out. 
"Vincent, who do you think you are? You don't hold any position in the Special Division. What right do you have to stop them from taking her away?" 
That was Luke's voice. 
Holly immediately retorted, "Even though my father isn't part of the Special Division, he's carrying my grandfather's seal! There's a rule in the Special Division that's been there since ancient times: whoever holds the seal can decide everything within the division!" 
"That was a regulation from a hundred years ago; it doesn't work now," Luke scoffed. "Are you still living a hundred years back? The Special Division isn't the Sims family's private property!" 
Vincent countered, "How does it not work? Forty years ago, my father gave that seal to your grandfather, letting him make decisions within the Special Division... At that time, your grandfather was just a minor employee in the division, and my father, temporarily occupied with other matters, left the division under his control, along with the seal. Everyone in the division obeyed your grandfather because of that seal! That's how he became the deputy director of the Special Division, leading to your father succeeding in the position. Without that seal, could you and your father have reached where you are today?" 
Luke sneered. "That's just old news. Uncle Sims, you should stop believing in such feudal superstitions! No one in the Special Division still acknowledges it!" 
He looked directly at the surrounding people. "Does anyone here disagree?" 
"I don't acknowledge that seal..." 
"What's that? I've never even heard of it..." 
A few people echoed the sentiment. 
The Special Division was now split into two factions, one supporting old Mr. Sims and the other backing Brian and his son. 
The ones echoing support now were from those siding with the Dawsons. 
Hearing that, Holly became furious. "Luke, don't be so shameless! The Special Division's charter states this clause! To see this seal is to see the director. Everyone must obey the arrangements of the holder of the seal!" 
Luke spread his hands. "Well, yeah, I remember that too, but right now, your grandfather has been arrested. Even if he were here, we wouldn't obey him! What if he's a spy?" 
He faked an indignant tone. "People from the Interpol are here, yet you're holding on to Vera. Are you trying to sabotage our international relations? If this blows up, how are we supposed to explain it to the Interpol?" 
Holly immediately became furious. 
Vincent then patted Holly's shoulder and looked at Brian. "Deputy Director Dawson, do you also think that way?" 
At these words, everyone's gaze shifted unanimously to Brian. 
Brian narrowed his eyes and sighed. "Vincent, it's not that I don't want to listen to you, but with what happened yesterday and your father still not cleared of the charges, I don't know what I should do! What if he really made a mistake? If I withhold the person here, I'll inadvertently become his accomplice. What then?" 
Holly shouted angrily, "My grandfather isn't a spy! Don't be ridiculous!" 
Brian smiled. "I didn't say he was a spy. I'm just saying things haven't been cleared up yet, so we can't come to a conclusion, right? So, I don't know whether I should listen to that seal!" 
Holly wanted to say more, but Vincent ignored Brian and looked around at the Special Division's staff. He raised the seal in his hand. "Those who still abide by the Special Division's charter, stop the people from the Interpol right now. We can't let them take Vera away!" 
As soon as these words were said, the people of the Special Division looked at each other, hesitating. 
In the end, a small portion of them stood by Vincent's side. 
Brian's expression immediately darkened. 
There was a rule in the Special Division that internal conflicts were forbidden. 
His people couldn't oppose this group that was stopping Interpol's people, and that small portion was enough to keep Interpol at bay. 
Indeed, it might prove difficult for Interpol to take Vera away today. 
Brian scoffed and remained silent. 
Keira stood not far away, observing them closely. 
She wanted to find out who Fox's accomplice was within the Special Division, but at that moment, she still couldn't tell. 
As she hesitated, someone from Brian's side spoke out from within the crowd. "Deputy Director Dawson, have your say. Mr. Sims is doing whatever he wants in the Special Division. Old Mr. Sims has said he would resign, and you are his successor, but now he's given the seal to Vincent. What does that mean? Are you still planning to let Vincent inherit the position of our director? Just say the word, Deputy Director Dawson, and we'll stop him right away!" 
With those words, Brian's supporters immediately became excited. "That's right! Old Mr. Sims had given his word he would leave the position to you, but now he's passed the seal to Vincent. It's a clear slight to you, Deputy Director Dawson!" 
"Could old Mr. Sims really not want to give up his power?" 
"I don't think so... If he truly didn't want to give up power, he should have arranged for Vincent to join the Special Division long ago. He hasn't made any preparations; that doesn't seem likely..." 
Just as this statement had calmed the people on Brian's side, someone from Vincent's side said, "Mr. Sims, please say something. Your father was forced to step down, and the Special Division has always been a Sims family affair. We only recognize the Sims family members. Just give the word, and we'll fight them!" 
Those words sparked anger among the people around Vincent. 
"Yeah, why should the Special Division be handed over to the Dawson family?" 
"The Special Division bears the name Sims! We've watched old Mr. Sims dedicate his life to the Special Division. Is it just going to be handed over like this?" 
Seeing this, Keira narrowed her eyes. 
She had found the mole! 
###Chapter 621
621 Chapter 620 
As soon as these words were spoken, they enraged the people around Vincent. 
Keira had previously doubted whether Brian and his son could be Fox's people, but she had already ruled that out. 
After all, the Special Division wouldn't choose such people as the next successors. 
When they were selected, even their ancestors would have been thoroughly investigated to ensure no issues. 
Brian's father had honorably sacrificed his life while on a mission. 
Such a family wouldn't have any issues with loyalty. 
Just yesterday, Vincent reminisced that after Brian's father died, old Mr. Sims personally raised Brian and had already decided to hand over the Special Division to him. 
So, when Vincent didn't come to work at the Special Division, Brian became its deputy head. 
But for some reason over the years, the rift between Brian and old Mr. Sims had grown deeper and deeper... 
Moreover, after Vincent spoke, Brian became silent. 
That indicated that Brian wasn't concerned about whether Vera would be taken away by the people from Interpol. 
Therefore, Keira completely ruled out any suspicion of the father and son. 
Her gaze first fell on the man who had first spoken on Brian's side. She recalled his name as Terry, and he had initiated the confrontation between both sides. 
Those who echoed his words were full of anger, having been stirred up by him. 
Terry must be Fox's mole! 
With that thought, Keira looked at the people behind Vincent. 
The first person who had spoken was always following Holly around, a little lackey who was also part of the group who tried to arrest Vera at home last time. 
His words just now seemed to be defending the Sims family, but they actually pushed the confrontation between the two sides to the extreme! 
Therefore, this little lackey must also be Fox's insider! 
Maybe the dissent between old Mr. Sims and Brian was also the work of these two insiders! 
Fox was so cunning! 
It wasn't easy to plant an insider in a department like the Special Division, yet she managed to plant two! 
With two insiders, she stirred up conflicts between the two sides, causing internal quarrels within the Special Division, breaking them up into factions, suppressing the division's power, and weakening its presence. 
Keira had to admit, Fox was impressive! 
As she was reflecting on this, the scene erupted into chaos. 
With red eyes, Luke argued, "The Sims family is up to no good! You've coaxed my dad to work for your family! You're clearly planning for a father-to-son succession! Why pretend to be good people in front of my dad?!" 
Holly was also provoked and pointed at him while shouting furiously, "If the Special Division is handed over to people like you and your father, that's when it would really be finished! The criminals imprisoned there are from the South family, and you seem to have forgotten what the duty of the Special Division is!" 
Upon hearing Holly's words, Keira inwardly cursed her luck. 
Sure enough, the next moment, Brian looked at her with fury. "I see. That's your grandfather's real plan, right? How come out of nowhere, instead of bringing his son on board, he brought you in? Looks like he's been guarding against me all along! I've given my life to the Special Division! I don't deserve to be accused by a youngster like you!" 
Caught up in the argument, Holly retorted, "Brian, ask yourself this: Have you truly been dedicated and responsible to the Special Division?" 
Luke said, "Of course, my dad is! You're going around the Special Division with your best friend, acting as if it's your own house!" 
Holly wanted to speak, but Vincent immediately stopped her. "Holly, that's enough." 
Holly had just stopped talking when Luke scoffed. "Can't argue with us, so you shut up, right? Holly and Vincent, you two are hypocrites! If you're coveting the power of the Special Division, just say so. Why pretend to be so innocent? And Old Mr. Sims, he's nothing but a sly old fox! He's completely hoodwinked my dad!" 
Enraged, Vincent retorted, "I can tolerate your rudeness toward me, but don't speak ill of my father! My father has devoted his life to the Special Division and will die a dedicated man! He never betrayed the Special Division in any way!" 
Luke sneered. "If there was nothing, why was he arrested? I think something's up, and your whole family might be spies! Your family should be the ones locked up!" 
Furious, Holly challenged, "What did you say? Say it again if you dare!" 
With a scoff, Luke goaded, "I said it, what about it? Want to have a go?" 
He rolled up his sleeves. 
Holly's lackey's eyes darted, and he immediately shouted, "Luke, don't bully Miss Sims! Now that old Mr. Sims is in trouble, do you no longer respect the Sims family? I'll take you on!" 
After that, he charged head down toward Luke. 
Vincent tried to stop him but only caught his sleeve as the man rushed toward Luke. 
With a shoulder throw, Luke sent the man sprawling to the ground. "You think you're equal to me in fighting?!" 
After being hit, the man conveniently lay on the ground, playing up his pain. "Luke, you used lethal force on me! Do you hate the Sims faction that much? I understand now that you want to eradicate us completely so you can make the Special Division the Dawson's property, right?" 
Luke was flabbergasted. 
He looked at his hand; he hadn't used that much force just now... 
But before he could react, someone else charged at him. "Luke, you've gone too far! Old Mr. Sims hasn't even been convicted yet! Is your dad so eager to take over? Do you want to purge the Special Division?!" 
With two quick moves, Luke floored the newcomer as well. 
Once he lost his temper, Luke arrogantly surveyed the crowd. "Who else from the Sims faction refuses to accept this? Come on, all of you, let's see what you've got!" 
Not just the people behind Holly but even Holly herself was enraged and picked up a broom, ready to join the fray. 
Holly said, "Luke, you're intolerable! I'll beat you to death!" 
Behind Luke, Terry immediately shouted, "Charge! Don't let the Sims get the best of us!" 
A crowd quickly got into position, and it seemed a massive brawl was about to break out! 
Vincent urgently tried to calm everyone. "Everyone, don't be impulsive. We need to present a united front today! We shouldn't fight among ourselves!" 
Unfortunately, no one was listening.
###Chapter 622
622 Chapter 621 
Holly was overwhelmed with rage, and her usually cool demeanor was replaced with anger as she stared daggers at Luke, her broom hitting his arm with force. 
Luke immediately grabbed the broom. 
Then, giving Holly a cold look, he intended to hit back, but upon realizing she was a woman, he snatched the broom away and threw it to the ground. 
Pushed backward, Holly stumbled several steps. 
Keira didn't move, noticing that Luke had held back his strength. 
Although he usually mocked Holly, he still knew how to measure his force. 
But the next moment… 
Holly's lackey, the one who was working for Fox, was a man named Mike. He stepped forward and caught hold of Holly, then acted as if he couldn't support her. 
He shouted, "Holly, watch out!" 
In the next moment, both he and Holly fell to the ground. 
He landed beneath Holly, using his body as a cushion, ignoring the wounds he sustained from the ground as he looked anxiously at Holly. "Holly, are you okay?" 
Holly gave him a puzzled look and quickly said, "I'm fine. What about you?" 
Mike clutched his arm and glared at Luke. "Luke, you've really gone too far! Old Mr. Sims hasn't been convicted yet, and you dare mistreat Miss Sims! Do you people even respect old Mr. Sims at all?" 
Luke frowned and glanced at his hand. Without suspicion, he just scoffed. "I didn't even use much strength, and she fell. The Sims family's younger generation is truly incompetent, yet they still want to continue leading the Special Division. Are they planning on having the delicate Miss Sims take the reins?" 
The director of each generation's Special Division had to go through a rigorous selection process. 
Although the Sims family always held that position, it was attained by winning over everyone in the Special Division. 
Old Mr. Sims had been unparalleled in combat within the Special Division. 
Vincent didn't want to practice martial arts, and Old Mr. Sims somewhat intentionally trained Brian instead. Hence, Vincent chose to become a forensic doctor. 
Brian might have grown a belly and, with a slick smile, looked like a bureaucrat trying to replace old Mr. Sims… 
But actually, Brian was also without rivals in his time. 
He was personally trained by old Mr. Sims… 
Luke's skill at his age also made him an outstanding member of the Special Division. His aspiration to enter the Freeman Sect was to conquer everyone. 
In their line of work, there has always been an unwritten rule of forming friendships through martial prowess. 
So, Luke's mockery of Holly resonated with the onlookers. 
Terry, who stood behind Luke, quickly said, "Exactly, Miss Sims has the physique of a weakling. No wonder old Mr. Sims seems to be considering handing over the Special Division to Mr. Dawson. With her like this, how can she manage the Special Division? Please…" 
The people on Holly's side immediately became furious. "What did you say?" 
And they went straight to blows. 
During the scuffle, Mike landed a punch on Terry's face. 
Terry's nose started bleeding, and he shouted, "Are you trying to kill me? The Sims family really doesn't give a damn about the Dawsons! Guys, get them!" 
Vincent quickly stepped in to mediate. "Everybody, please stop. Let's talk this out." 
Unfortunately, not serving in the Special Division, Vincent didn't hold sway over these hot-blooded men, especially those who stood behind Brian. 
Brian just looked on coldly with a touch of dissatisfaction on his face. 
Keira frowned. 
She had found the mole, but the problem was… 
She had no evidence! 
Forget about Terry; take Mike, for example. He had been unfailingly obedient to Holly in the Special Division, always by her side, protecting her. He was considered the most loyal person to the Sims family within the division. 
If she were to tell Holly that Mike was a traitor now, even with their good relationship, Holly would be doubtful! 
Keira turned her gaze to Lewis. 
Lewis had already guessed her intent. When suspecting the two men as moles, he had sent their information to Tom to investigate. 
Seeing Keira looking his way, he frowned and shook his head. 
There was no information, meaning that Tom couldn't find anything at all about the two men. 
Of course, they had been recruited by Fox. How could they be so easily exposed? 
There was no chance they'd leave such obvious traces. 
But if Keira accused the two men as traitors, she'd be suspected by both sides… 
Then it wouldn't be just a brawl between the two sides, but she would be the one being jointly attacked! 
But could she stand by and do nothing? 
Keira looked at the several people from Interpol and saw contempt on their faces. 
Clearly, they were waiting to reap the benefits after both sides had broken down! 
Keira frowned. 
Although she had no evidence to expose the two moles, it was time to get tough! 
If she waited any longer, both sides might suffer mutually assured destruction! 
Keira's expression hardened.
###Chapter 623
623 Chapter 622 
Keira chuckled dismissively and looked toward James, who was in the distance and gave him a slight nod. 
Immediately, James led several Inner Sect disciples of the Freeman Sect, charging into the chaotic scene. 
James shouted, "Stop fighting. No more hitting!" 
This was the backup plan Keira had prepared. 
When words failed, it was time to show strength! 
Each of the Inner Sect disciples was skilled enough to Luke. Once they stepped in, they quickly separated the two clashing sides. 
Luke started to fight with people from the Freeman Sect but was promptly subdued by James, who grabbed Luke's shoulder from behind, making Luke cry out in pain. 
The combatants on both sides soon calmed down. 
Mike and Terry exchanged glances and frowned, not expecting the Freeman Sect to suddenly meddle in this affair... 
Mike shouted, "James, are you here to help us? That's fantastic!" 
As expected, the people on Holly's side began to rejoice. "Miss Sims and the people from Freeman Sect have always been in contact. The Freeman Sect is here to help us! Look, they've detained Luke!" 
Upon hearing this, Luke was furious and glared at James. "James, the Freeman Sect is supposed to stay independent, never interfering with the division's management. What you're doing is breaking the rules! You've gone too far!" 
Terry also added, "Yeah, way too far!" 
Then he looked toward Holly. "I wondered how the Sims family got so bold today; it turns out you found the Freeman Sect as your helper! Do you think, with their help, you can take the director's position back?" 
That statement was incredibly instigating. 
Even the hot-headed Luke was triggered, let alone Brian himself, who was infuriated by that comment. 
He confronted James, "Mr. James Olsen, right? What's the meaning of this? You owe me an explanation!" 
James was perplexed. 
What could his intentions be? 
He was following his little sister's command to break up the fight. When he hit someone, they didn't dare hit back. Being the most capable fighter, Luke wouldn't stop, so he had to be restrained. 
How did that turn into taking sides? 
James tried to explain, "I'm not..." 
"Not what?" Terry angrily shouted. "Why are you treating Luke like this?!" 
The others yelled, "Right, let Mr. Dawson go!" 
"Release Mr. Dawson!" 
Brian also stepped forward, his face dark with anger. "Let go of Luke!" 
James was dumbfounded. 
Just as he was about to release Luke, Mike said, "James, don't be scared! Right now, old Mr. Sims is still the director, and what are Brian and his son to us? Do they dare to compete with us?" 
The hotheaded youths standing behind Holly roared, "Exactly, ignore them! Old Mr. Sims used to treat you all so well! They're so ungrateful! They're biting the hand that fed you!" 
"That's an understatement! I think it's sheer ambition!" 
Luke retorted, "Old Mr. Sims said he'd hand over the Special Division to my dad. It wasn't something my dad asked for. If he didn't want to, why not say so outright instead of being so hypocritical?!" 
"Yeah, old Mr. Sims says one thing and does another; it's utterly disgusting!" 
"We support Brian and Luke!" 
Both sides were on the verge of arguing again... 
Mike and Terry were such agitators! 
Keira sneered. She stepped forward and addressed Brian, "Deputy Director Dawson, do you also think old Mr. Sims says one thing but does another?" 
Upon hearing this, Brian hesitated slightly, a flash of indignation flashing across his face. 
Keira understood then that it was a grudge built up over time. 
Undoubtedly, Terry had been whispering poison into Brian's ear regularly. 
That was how trust between people worked. 
One or two rumors wouldn't do much, but what if one constantly listened to them? 
Old Mr. Sims and Brian were both profound thinkers. There were simply too many chiefs in the division and an inherent conflict between them. 
Old Mr. Sims certainly had the sincere intention of handing the Special Division over to Brian... 
But for some reason, he had delayed his retirement, causing Brian's suspicions... 
Luke scoffed. "Of course, he isn't sincere. He's eighty years old and still clinging to the director's position. My dad is already fifty! Does he plan to wait until he's a hundred? That would make my dad seventy by the time he becomes the director!" 
Brian sneered and turned to Vincent. "Since the topic has been brought up today, Mr. Sims, I'd like a clear answer. Is your father dissatisfied with me? Was Holly brought over to take his place?" 
With this, Luke exclaimed, "On what grounds? Dad, you've sacrificed so much for the Special Division! Letting Holly manage the Special Division? I can't accept that!" 
"I can't accept that either!" 
"Brian, don't waste words with them. Old Mr. Sims has been taken away; you should just take charge!" 
Keira observed Brian and sighed inwardly. She asked, "Do you not trust old Mr. Sims?" 
Brian snapped, "I have nothing to say to a girl like you!" 
"But I have something to say to you." 
Keira stepped forward and handed a document to Brian. "Before you doubt old Mr. Sims, take a look at this!" 
Keira had come prepared!
###Chapter 624 Passion
Chapter 624 Passion
Brian frowned, looking hesitantly at the document in Keira's hand. "What's this?" 
Keira pushed the item in her hand forward a bit. "Take a look at it before you say anything." 
Brian frowned again. 
Keira deliberately provoked him. "Deputy Director Dawson, are you afraid to look at something given by a young woman like me?" 
Brian wasn't taken in. 
But Luke was irritated. "What did you say? Let me see!" 
He stepped forward and snatched the document from Keira's hands, glanced at it for a moment, and was slightly taken aback. "What the hell is this?" 
The people behind him leaned forward to look. "Isn't this the declaration we made when we joined the Special Division?" 
Those words made Brian pause for a moment. "What?" 
Luke then handed the document to Brian. 
Brian looked down at it. 
It was indeed the declaration they had all written when they joined the Special Division. 
These people had joined the Special Division out of love for their homeland, willing to dedicate their lives to serving their country... 
Before joining, everyone had to recite the charter of the Special Division and write down their original intentions in this booklet. 
It was just that as time went by, everyone had forgotten. 
The Special Division had many members, and this booklet looked very old... 
While the others were confused, Brian stared blankly for a moment, then immediately flipped through the pages, landing directly on page 36. There, two different types of handwriting were present. 
One was written by someone who appeared very learned, with attractive handwriting: For the great rejuvenation of Crera! 
Brian paused slightly. 
Holly glanced at it and was also stunned. "This is Grandpa's handwriting." 
Looking down at the signature, it was indeed old Mr. Sims. 
Holly frowned and looked further down. 
It was a row of childlike handwriting, crooked and skewed. 
The sentence was simple: For the great rejuvenation of Crera! 
It seemed to be imitating the statement above, but like the voice of a young boy with youthful naivety, earnestly speaking his wish... 
Seeing that row of words made Holly pause slightly. "What's that...?" 
Luke immediately sneered. "Who wrote that? It's so ugly!" 
At those words, Brian's face darkened, and he smacked Luke on the head. "Watch your mouth! I wrote it at the age of five, and that was pretty impressive!" 
Luke was dumbfounded. 
With an ingratiating smile, Luke said, "Wow, dad, you wrote this? But isn't your declaration of joining the Special Division a bit big?" 
Young people didn't understand the significance of this sentence. It seemed a light-hearted remark to them, and they were unaware of how many of their predecessors paid the price with their lives. 
Their country, Crera, had only started developing so well in the last thirty years. Brian was fifty; he was five years old about forty-five years ago... 
Back then, Crera was still a developing country, striving to catch up with other nations... 
It was the efforts of these predecessors that brought about today's development in Crera. 
Luke might not understand, but Brian was very clear about how much old Mr. Sims, and he had sacrificed for this one sentence... 
Why didn't Vincent join the Special Division? Was it really because he liked being a forensic doctor? 
No... 
He was attacked in an assassination attempt as a child, sustained an injury, and was unable to practice martial arts. 
Brian suddenly remembered what old Mr. Sims often held him and said when he was a child, "The Special Division doesn't belong to the Sims family. It belongs to everyone. Little Brian, when you grow up, you must remember this. You must fulfill the wish of me and your father! You must lead the Special Division, carry out our responsibilities, and strive to make sure no inexplicable force can threaten Crera!" 
Just as Brian thought of this, Keira handed him another notebook. 
That notebook was obviously newer, although it might have seen many years as well, dating back thirty years... 
When Brian was young and careless, he scribbled his own declaration where old Mr. Sims had written his manifesto. Still, when he officially joined the Special Division, he had his own page of declaration. 
Brian stared at that notebook. 
He reached out, took it, and slowly flipped open to the declaration page... 
He didn't need to see that declaration to know what it was. 
"For the great rejuvenation of Crera! To be Crera's safest Guardian!" The fierce expression on Brian's face gradually dissipated upon seeing this sentence... 
Everyone has an original aspiration. 
His own aspiration drove him to take over the Special Division. 
He truly hoped to protect his family and country, to be a Guardian of Crera... 
But when did he begin to forget this initial aspiration? 
Brian clenched his fists tightly, and his eyes gradually moistened. 
Keira looked at him. "Deputy Director Dawson, I can't prove anything, nor do I know why old Mr. Sims has delayed his retirement, unwilling to give up his position to you. But I think you shouldn't have forgotten your original aspiration." 
Brian pursed his lips. 
Even Luke fell silent. 
Terry still wanted to provoke the crowd. "Don't use the greater good of the country to make your point, you..." 
"Shut up!" 
Brian rebuked sharply, startling Terry. 
Brian looked at Keira. "I'll never forget my duties! But what does Interpol taking someone away have to do with this?!" 
Keira said, "Deputy Director Dawson, you are well aware of the affairs of the Special Division, so you should understand that the Special Division has always wanted to find information on the South family, right?" 
Upon hearing this, Brian was stunned, "You mean..." 
"Yes, Vera South is a member of the South family. Otherwise, why do you think old Mr. Sims would have specifically approved an arrest warrant for me?" 
Brian was taken aback. 
Keira looked at him. "So, do you still think that Vera South should be handed over to Interpol?" 
Terry said, "Don't make excuses here; the criminal doesn't even have the surname South. Vera South is her Crera name; foreigners come to Crera and pick a Crera name for themselves, just for convenience in pronunciation. Do you really think that just because she's called Vera South, she belongs to the South family? You..." 
"All personnel, heed my command!" 
Terry was cut off by Brian. 
Brian straightened his back and put down the two manifestos in his hands. 
His protruding belly even seemed to become a bit more handsome and pleasant to the eye... 
All members of the Special Division immediately stood upright, performing the salute they had trained for so long. 
Brian said, "Mr. Sims isn't here, and I am temporarily in charge of the Special Division. Please listen carefully to my command. No one is allowed to take the prisoner Vera South away!" 
As soon as these words came out, the whole room was in an uproar. 
His sonorous tone made even Keira feel more solemn. 
Vincent looked at Brian with a glint of relief in his eyes.
###Chapter 625
625 Chapter 624 
Brian was the Deputy Director of the Special Division. Although many people were loyal to old Mr. Sims, Brian's contributions to the Special Division were indisputable. 
Therefore, once he spoke, everyone present, including Holly, straightened up and said, "Yes!" 
As the vigorous voices fell, the two previously divided sides immediately turned their heads in unison, glaring angrily at the representatives from Interpol. 
Having witnessed their dispute, the people of Interpol were dumbfounded. 
Fox had bought the person who came to take Vera away. Once he had Vera, he would hand her over to Fox. 
Fox had already made it clear that there would be infighting in the Special Division and that he just had to watch from the sidelines. 
But how come, just as they were enjoying the show, these two sides reconciled so quickly? 
The person working for Fox couldn't figure it out and didn't respond for a while. 
Brian approached him and said, "Sorry, but you can't take this prisoner with you. The Special Division still has a caseload pending." 
The head of Interpol immediately retorted, "Wasn't it agreed that all cases would be combined and handled by us?" 
Brian simply said, "Our case isn't part of that deal." 
The person in charge became furious. "It's not your call! She's an international criminal. Your petty Special Division has no right to stop us from conducting our investigation! Please turn the prisoner over immediately!" 
Brian spread his hands. "I'm sorry, but we have a crucial case on our side, and the person can't be transferred to you for the time being. If you have any ions, please communicate with our higher authority!" 
The person in charge was speechless. 
He stared at Brian before finally saying, "Since you're not cooperating, let's just stick to the old rules." 
At these words, Keira raised her eyebrows. 
A new employee of the Special Division asked a veteran beside them, "What old rules?" 
"The Special Division is different from the other departments. The way we get things done has a bit of an old-school martial world feel..." 
The veteran employee scratched his head and searched for the right words. "That is, when there's a dispute over a person or an item both sides want, we hold a competition in the ring." 
"What kind of competition?" 
The new employee exclaimed in surprise. "Can we really do that?" 
The veteran employee coughed and continued in a lowered voice. "The Sims family used to have a high standing in the international martial world. Back in the day, to fight for Crera's interests, they used this method many times. Otherwise, why do you think the Special Division has such a good relationship with the Freeman Sect? We've borrowed their people on more than one occasion!" 
The new employee was bewildered. 
Keira just lowered her gaze. 
Having learned about the close ties between the Special Division and the Freeman Sect, she had asked Holly for these details, so she knew all about it. 
The Sims family was indeed formidable. During a time when Crera was weak, they managed to secure numerous concessions from the international community through this approach. 
Now, the tables had turned, and the other side wanted to use this method to take a prisoner away. 
Brian squinted upon hearing this. He subconsciously touched the area around his chest. 
In his earlier years, he had devoted himself to martial training, but as he grew older and after suffering injuries, his capabilities declined over the years. 
He looked at Luke and James. 
With those two around, there shouldn't be any problems, should there? 
With that thought, Brian said, "Fine, let's do it that way." 
But almost immediately as his words fell, the person in charge of Interpol stepped aside, revealing the black-clad bodyguard who had been following him all along. 
The black-clad bodyguard had been wearing sunglasses and a mask, so no one had really noticed him until now. 
The person in charge pointed toward the bodyguard and announced, "This is our King. He'll represent us in today's martial contest." 
On hearing this, the bodyguard immediately removed his sunglasses and mask, stretched his neck and wrists, and then took off his suit jacket, revealing his impressively muscular build. 
All members of the Special Division gasped in realization when they saw the foreigner. 
"King? The boxing champion?" 
"Heavens! Has he joined Interpol? He's the one who defeated the previous champion and is regarded as the number one in the martial world today! It's said that many have challenged him, but no one has ever won against him!" 
"Deputy Director Dawson, what do we do now? Luke and James are probably no match for him..." 
"Yeah, with such a figure, I can't think of anyone we could use..." 
"How about the senior sister of the Freeman Sect?" 
"Are you crazy? The senior sister of the Freeman Sect isn't even here. It's rumored that she is very mysterious, always traveling abroad. How could she possibly be here now?" 
"Do you expect a Divine Weapon to descend from the heavens? Let's come up with our own solution, maybe a relay fight?" 
"Do you know what sets the King apart from the other champions?" 
"What is it?" 
"He once knocked down twenty-five fighters in a row to enter the finals! And he didn't lose even after that. The match only ended because the time was up!" 
"What? We don't have twenty-five capable fighters in the Special Division, do we? What are we going to do?!" 
"Are we just supposed to stand by and watch Vera South be handed over? No way!" 
While everyone was talking amongst themselves, Keira suddenly chuckled. 
Was this Fox's backup plan?
###Chapter 626
626 Chapter 625 
Keira had yet to make her move or reveal her identity, for she was waiting for Fox's contingency plan. 
She knew that Fox, cunning as they were, wouldn't have only made plans concerning the Special Division... 
As Fox's schemes surfaced one by one, she began to admire that person! 
Because! 
Even before the Special Division got involved, Fox had already managed to plant two moles in the division. 
This meant that all over Crera, countless places were under Fox's influence! 
Just how many years had this person been operating in Crera? 
Far from basking in self-satisfaction for being the senior sister of the Freeman Sect and conveniently being able to counter Fox's move, Keira only felt terror and retrospective fear. 
Her identity as the senior sister of the Freeman Sect was an opportunity, a chance encounter with her master in Oceanion. 
However, these were all part of Fox's plan, be it Terry and Mike or King! 
If Keira hadn't met her master, he might still be scouring the world for his last disciple, and the Freeman Sect would be without a senior sister. In that case, James would have been the mightiest in this generation. 
But it just so happened that King could outmatch James by a wide margin! 
While Keira was lost in thought, King had already taken off his shirt, revealing his solid muscles. He clapped his hands, making his arm muscles bulge, displaying a strong sense of power. 
With each step he took, his muscles seemed to wobble slightly, but his footsteps remained steady. His imposing presence and massive build made him feel like a towering mountain. 
He was like a mountain that could neither be crossed nor conquered! 
All the members of the Special Division immediately swallowed hard. 
Even Luke, the ever-unconvinced rebellious man, couldn't help but widen his eyes at this moment. 
James said, "I never expected someone could train their muscles so well. Each of his muscles seems perfectly formed. It feels as though he was born to box! 
"Good heavens, if he landed a punch on my face, my brains would probably splatter out! " 
Terry and Mike exchanged a glance before they spoke. 
"Exactly, I dare not step up anymore. It's not that I'm scared, but it's pointless to do so. Others might be able to wear him down a bit, but if I had to fight him, he would defeat me like picking up a chick, and it would disgrace the Special Division!" 
"I can't bring myself to do it either. It's just too embarrassing," Mike whispered. "And King has always been someone I admire. He's a hero. I have even read an interview about him. His persistence in boxing truly reflects his life's struggle; he was a person who couldn't afford meals as a child. Step by step, he reached where he is today, and he deserves our respect. If we win against him in a war of attrition, wouldn't that be shameless?" 
No sooner had they said that than those who had considered taking turns to wear King down began to hesitate. 
They were willing to be cannon fodder as long as James and Luke could win the match. Sustaining injuries didn't matter to them because they still remembered the oath of joining the Special Division. 
But upon hearing what Terry and Mike had said, they suddenly felt that even if such a war of attrition led to victory, it would be a dishonorable win. 
Everyone fell into silence. 
King scanned the crowd, then turned to look at the person in charge from Interpol. 
That person immediately stepped forward. "I suppose the people from the Special Division wouldn't stoop to a war of attrition, right? Here's what we can do. You can select ten people, and if any of them defeats King, then the prisoner is yours. But if King defeats all ten people, the prisoner is ours! How about it?" 
At these words, the members of the Special Division felt even more embarrassed. 
They might not be able to defeat King with ten people, but would it be glorious if they did win? 
Luke immediately said, "What are you still waiting for? Any volunteers?" 
He and James were the most capable in the Special Division and surely had to be the last to go in case someone managed to defeat King. 
Thus, they needed eight others to take the first hits. 
But as soon as he said that, everyone went silent. 
In modern times, people were concerned with saving face, and other members of the Special Division found the idea too embarrassing. 
Luke frowned. "What's wrong with you all?" 
Everyone looked down, too afraid to speak. 
Luke became impatient. "Is this the time to save face? We must win no matter what! Get on with it!" 
Then Mike said, "You make it sound so easy... but it is too shameful!" 
While everyone hesitated, Brian suddenly said, "I'm of an old age now, and my strength has declined. I'm plagued by sickness. I shouldn't overestimate myself, but seeing King, I can't hold back. How about I spar with him first?" 
With those words, he stepped forward.
###Chapter 627
627 Chapter 626 
Brian took a smiling step forward. 
The older generation knew that saving face meant little compared to practical benefits. 
Luke immediately spoke out, "Dad, you can't! Your injury..." 
"I'm fine." 
Brian cut him off. "Besides, as an elder, it's my job to set an example. Only then will everyone be willing to give their all!" 
He turned to King and said, "Let's begin." 
The crowd quickly stepped back, clearing the field. 
Keira watched the scene. 
If James and Luke could win this match, she wanted to conserve her strength, especially since they were still battling Fox. 
Revealing too much too soon could lead to faster losses. Her identity as the senior sister of the Freeman Sect needed to stay concealed unless absolutely necessary. 
She looked at Brian. 
At that moment, a hint of admiration arose in her eyes. 
Despite her initial misgivings about him, she began to understand why old Mr. Sims had entrusted the Special Division to him. Brian's boldness and willingness to face embarrassment were clear. 
One had to be such a person to lead an organization like the Special Division. 
The job required someone who could navigate both light and dark matters without being overly rigid. Sometimes, achieving goals demanded unconventional methods. 
Keira felt as if she had learned something from Brian... 
As Keira thought this, Brian had already rushed toward King, who threw a punch directly at him. Brian bent down, but due to his protruding belly and lumbar strain, his movement was slightly slowed, and King landed a hit on his left arm. 
Brian stepped back a couple of paces, steadying himself. 
Luke exclaimed, "Dad!" 
Brian waved his hand with a smile, "I'm fine." 
He rotated his shoulder, still appearing relaxed, but Keira noticed cold sweat forming on his forehead. She couldn't help but walk over to Luke and ask softly, "Does your father have old injuries?" 
Luke glanced at her, still irritated by her earlier comments about Holly, and chose to ignore her. Instead, Holly said, "Yes, Deputy Director Dawson has carried out many secret missions for the Special Division over the years. He has hundreds of scars and seventy-eight serious injuries. He has over a dozen scars on his back alone and many scratch marks on his chest. There have been several instances where bullets grazed his heart…" 
Holly's words made Luke lift his chin proudly. For them, these scars were medals and proof of their contributions. 
Holly continued, "Deputy Director Dawson's back was broken once. During a mission, he fell off a cliff and got caught by tree branches. Though he survived, the muscles on his lower back were severed and couldn't be repaired. Since then, Uncle Dawson has been on desk duty…" 
Keira took a deep breath, feeling renewed admiration for Brian. 
Luke scoffed, "That's enough. Every scar on my father's body represents his dedication, and yet your grandfather refuses to step down. It's unreasonable!" 
He anxiously turned his attention back to the fight. 
Keira tensed her jaw. 
At that moment, she suddenly understood Brian and Luke's frustration. 
Brian was a capable leader, and Luke had likely made many sacrifices as well. Old Mr. Sims, despite promising to pass the Special Division to Brian, stubbornly clung to his position at eighty years old. It was no wonder resentment was building. 
Anyone in this situation would feel distanced. 
Brian was only fifty and in prime time to achieve great things, yet Old Mr. Sims was holding him back. Wouldn't resentment build over time? 
But given Holly's attitude, it was clear that Old Mr. Sims likely had his reasons. 
The Special Division now seemed fragmented. Resolving their internal conflicts was crucial. The group needed to be united to face external threats. 
Thinking this, Keira approached Holly and asked softly, "Has your grandfather really not considered handing over the Special Division to Brian?" 
Holly shook her head, "I've never heard of such a plan. I've only heard my grandfather say that we should follow Deputy Director Dawson's leadership. He's never mentioned any intention to step down." 
Keira nodded. 
Meanwhile, in the arena, Brian and King had exchanged several more blows. Despite being seriously injured, Brian, once the Special Division's top combatant, managed to dodge several of King's attacks with his agile movements. 
Just as the Special Division was encouraged by Brian's performance, Keira saw the head of Interpol signal to King. King immediately adjusted his strength and launched a furious punch towards Brian. 
The punch was swift and powerful. If it connected, it could leave Brian severely injured or even crippled!
###Chapter 628
628 Chapter 627 
Everyone present tensed up immediately, stepping forward as if they wished to take the punch for Brian. 
Luke roared, "Dad!" 
Keira furrowed her brows, her pupils contracting slightly, yet she didn't step forward. She had already seen that Brian managed to dodge the blow, evading most of the attack. He ensured that the part of his body that got hit would only cause a minor injury. 
Brian was struck and fell out of the fighting ring, which was a loss. He clutched his abdomen and breathed heavily. 
The people around him, including Holly and Vincent, couldn't help but step forward and surround Brian. 
Holly asked, "Uncle Dawson, how are you?" 
Brian chuckled, "I'll live." 
He then looked around at the crowd. "Do you know where all these injuries on my body came from?" 
The crowd was slightly stunned, shaking their heads. 
Brian looked down. "Thirty years ago, when I was twenty, just like Luke, I went on a mission against a single person. He had stolen a large portion of Crera's technological secrets, so it was crucial we intercepted him. By then, he had fled to a foreign country. That country used the same tactic, claiming he had violated their laws and detained him, preventing me from bringing him back…" 
Brian's gaze was downcast. "At that time, I took on ten men alone, using a method common in the Special Division, and eventually succeeded in bringing our man back." 
As Brian spoke, a silence fell over everyone present. 
He looked at them. "What does personal honor or shame mean in the face of justice?" 
Without uttering a word of blame, those who had felt ashamed about ganging up, thinking it would be dishonorable, now had flushed faces. Here they were, discussing honor and martial virtue. But had their enemy ever cared about such things years ago? 
No… They could maintain a bit of dignity now because their predecessors had laid a solid foundation for them! 
Holly said with determination, "I only regret not having learned martial arts. Otherwise, I could have stepped in to deplete King's stamina, making it easier for those who come after." 
Luke clenched his fists, looking toward the people from the Special Division. 
James shouted angrily, "If you don't go up now, I'll call the Freeman Sect. But it'll take them time to get here; they won't arrive immediately…" 
Amidst the conversation, someone suddenly leaped forward, "I'll go!" 
Everyone turned their heads to see a young man ascending the stage. 
Subsequently, a group of high-ranking Special Division members immediately stood up and formed a line beside the ring. 
Both Luke and Holly let out a deep sigh of relief. 
James glanced at Keira. 
The people now taking the stage were less skilled and would only serve to exhaust King's stamina. It was certain that they would all lose. 
Seizing the moment while the bout was ongoing, James slipped beside Keira. "Sis, are you going up later?" 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
She was waiting to see how things unfolded... 
If Luke and James could beat King, she wouldn't need to reveal her identity as the senior sister. But if they couldn't win… 
Keira's expression turned serious, and she was about to speak when Holly coughed lightly. "Keera doesn't need to go up. You all go ahead!" 
After saying that, Holly gave Keira a meaningful look. 
James hesitated for a moment, then gave a wry smile and lowered his voice. "But from observing King's moves, I'm afraid Luke and I might not be able to overcome him." 
Keira lowered her gaze. "Don't worry. Just do your best." 
James took the hint. He breathed a sigh of relief, nodded, and then moved to the end of the line, standing in front of Luke. 
Luke was startled. "You should be behind me." 
Since James was more skilled in martial arts, having him fight last would increase their chances of winning. 
James, however, smiled. "I'll focus on exhausting him. If you can win, that's great. If not, no worries." 
James patted Luke's shoulder. "Even though we both have a rivalry because of Kate,,I'm willing to set that aside today. If you win, you'll gain great renown within the Special Division, and taking over will make perfect sense." 
Luke was taken aback. 
He awkwardly turned his head away but didn't say anything unpleasant. 
One by one, the fighters in line took their turns. Each stayed in the fight longer, partly because the remaining fighters were more formidable and partly because King's stamina was being drained… 
A relay battle was indeed effective! 
When it came to James's turn, King had already begun to pant. The Special Division members were proving to be even more troublesome than expected. Fueled by Brian's example, they fought with all their might until they were backed into a corner and then conceded defeat. 
Seeing this, James turned to Luke. "I'm going to exhaust the last of his stamina. When it's your turn, it'll be your victory! Luke, I'm counting on you this time!" 
After saying that, he jumped straight into the temporary fighting arena. James warmed up his muscles, waved to King, and said, "Bring it on!"
###Chapter 629
629 Chapter 628 
King immediately lunged forward. 
James's agility allowed him to pull back and wear King down, making him breathe heavily. However, James wasn't in a great position either. King's muscles were incredibly solid. Even when James found a weak spot and threw a punch, it felt like he was barely making an impact. 
To beat King, one needed to be either extremely nimble to disorient him or stronger than him. The more James fought, the more excited he became, even thinking he might win if Luke didn't enter the ring. 
At that moment, he spotted a flaw in King's defense and jumped up, grabbing King's shoulder as if to drag him out of the competition area. Stepping out of the ring would count as a loss! 
The spectators around them immediately cheered: 
"We're winning! We're winning!" 
Luke's eyes widened with excitement. 
Keira, however, silently sighed. 
Holly asked anxiously, "What happened?" 
"We're losing." 
Keira frowned. 
Her brother was too impatient. This move was a weakness King had intentionally shown to lure James in. 
If James had stayed calm and not taken the bait, he might have dragged out the fight for another ten minutes, leading to King genuinely running out of energy, which could have secured the win. 
But with Luke urging him on, James took more risks, knowing it might be a trap yet still jumping in! 
While Keira was considering this, Luke scoffed coldly, "What nonsense are you talking about? Clearly, James has the upper hand! Aren't you the prominent Inner Sect Disciple of the Freeman Sect? Your martial arts seem mediocre at best, and you couldn't possibly tell that. Maybe you should go home and train for a few more years before coming back!" 
Holly was about to retort, but remembering Luke had to fight soon, she swallowed her reply and simply told Keira, "Don't take his words to heart." 
Keira shook her head slightly. 
Luke sneered, "Some people think that just because they're from the Olsen family, they can get into the Freeman Sect through connections. But your martial arts aren't impressive at all. You should take the time to learn from the Senior Sister. She's outstanding, yet here you are, an Inner Sect Disciple, unable to grasp a simple fight. Doesn't that embarrass you?" 
In the next moment, as James grabbed King's shoulder, King suddenly spun around, grabbed James's arm in a countermove, and threw him out of the ring! 
James was dumbfounded. 
Thrown out of the arena by King, James was unable to control his fall. 
"Bang!" 
He rolled on the ground to absorb the impact, then pushed off with his feet to stand up. "Damn, I've been outmaneuvered!" 
Everyone exclaimed, "What just happened?" 
Luke stared at Keira in disbelief. 
Holly was also stunned. "Keera, you actually predicted this correctly!" 
Predicted? 
Luke thought that if it were just a prediction, no one could be this accurate. 
James ran back, looking dejected as he was about to ask something. "I can't believe I lost. That's really too bad. Luke, it's all on you now! King's energy is at its limit; he can't hold on much longer!" 
Luke nodded. 
It was clear to everyone that King was struggling. Desperate to win, he was gasping for breath and half-kneeling in the competition area. 
Luke stepped onto the stage. "Let me finish this match!" 
But then... 
They heard the head of Interpol call out, "Hold on a moment." 
Everyone turned to see the department head smiling. "King needs to replenish his energy." 
He walked into the competition area, took out an energy supplement from his pocket, and handed it to King. 
King injected the supplement, and immediately, his fatigue vanished. He was back at peak condition and even seemed… slightly stronger than before! 
James, watching from below, was stunned. "What did you give him? A stimulant?" 
Interpol's head handed him the remaining residue. "It's an energy supplement we developed ourselves. It instantly restores a person's physical strength and complies with all regulations. It's not a banned substance. Technology is part of strength. Using an energy supplement isn't against the rules." 
Indeed, it wasn't... 
Many boxers use food to replenish energy during a match; how could that be against the rules? 
James clenched his fists in frustration and glanced at Luke with concern. With King now at peak condition, even if Luke and James teamed up, they'd be lucky to get a draw! 
They had already expended considerable energy, and now they had to start over again?! 
James sighed, approached Luke, and whispered, "There's no need to go all out. Just do your best; we still have one more person to rely on." 
Luke, however, had a determined look in his eyes. "I must win this match!"
###Chapter 630
630 Chapter 629 
Luke went straight up to the stage. 
His eyes firmly fixed on King, filled with a resolve of burning all bridges. 
Luke had misunderstood James's meaning. 
He thought James meant that even if the match were lost and the prisoner was to be handed over to Interpol, there would still be other ways to interrogate her. 
But from Luke's perspective, he had to keep Vera South here. 
Otherwise, it would be a disgrace for the Special Division. 
After sending out ten people, they still couldn't defeat King, and if word got out that they had the advantage yet lost the fight, it would be humiliating! 
He had to save their dignity! 
Luke took a deep breath and launched an attack at King! 
Unfortunately, Luke wasn't in the same league as King. Before Luke's fist could reach King's face, King stepped to the side, landing a punch on Luke's shoulder. 
Luke felt an agonizing pain, and he almost couldn't raise his left arm! 
Staggering back, he steadied himself, then moved his shoulder, realizing it was dislocated. Bearing the pain, he used his other arm to snap it back into position with a "clack". 
Just one exchange left him drenched in sweat from the pain. 
Seeing his condition, King couldn't help but laugh, "You're no match for me. Give up." 
He spoke perfect English. 
Working in the Special Division meant dealing with important matters, so Luke knew English well. He stared at King and replied, "Giving up is out of the question." 
King raised an eyebrow in surprise, then gave him a thumbs-up. "You have my respect." 
Luke didn't waste his breath. Instead, he stepped forward and attacked again. 
The two of them were quickly engaged in combat. 
Luke was at a complete disadvantage and was overpowered. Even the onlookers, including Holly, who knew nothing of martial arts, could tell Luke had no chance of winning. 
This realization gradually filled everyone with despair. 
Terry's eyes flickered, and he shouted toward Luke. "Luke, stop fighting! You can't win! Save your strength!" 
Engrossed in combating King, Luke got distracted by this remark and was struck once again on the shoulder! 
He was hit in the same spot, and the pain was even more intense than before. Luke stumbled and fell to his knees, turning pale with pain. 
Terry immediately yelled, "Luke, just give in!" 
But Luke clenched his teeth and glanced fiercely at his shoulder. 
King still maintained some sense of humanity. He didn't press forward but stood at a distance and said, "Give up. You're no match for me." 
Luke immediately shook his head. "I won't!" 
King frowned. 
After taking a deep breath and getting accustomed to the pain in his shoulder, Luke slowly stood up, ready to reset his dislocated shoulder once again. 
With his eyes turning red, Terry said, "Luke, just give up. If your shoulder gets hit again, it could lead to habitual dislocations, and you might never use this arm again!" 
Luke angrily turned his head to Terry and snapped, "Shut your mouth!" 
Terry lowered his head immediately, letting out a sigh. 
Brian was clutching his waist and glanced at Terry. Keira could see that Brian had begun to harbor doubts about Terry. 
Keira turned her gaze back to the combat platform. 
Luke put the other hand on his shoulder, preparing to reset the joint, when the head of Interpol spoke to King. "What are you waiting for? Finish this match, and stop wasting time!" 
King sighed and looked at Luke. "You are an opponent I respect, but my head won't allow me to give you any more time. Sorry!" 
After saying this, before Luke could fix his shoulder, King attacked aggressively. Luke was startled and rolled on the spot... 
But by a cruel twist of fate, he landed on his injured arm! 
The pain slowed his reaction, and the next moment, King grabbed his injured arm and lifted him into the air. 
He looked at Luke and asked, "Do you concede?" 
Lifting off the floor by King, Luke shouted, "No!" 
King then flung him forcefully out of the ring! 
Luke grabbed King's shoulder and pulled himself back. 
King sighed when he saw this. "Why must you do this?" 
Luke fixed his gaze on him. "I'd rather die than surrender. You cannot tarnish the honor of the Special Division!" 
King was momentarily stunned. 
At this moment, the head of Interpol spoke again, "King, no more holding back." 
Hearing this, King's pupils shrank, and he let out a sigh before looking at Luke. "I'm sorry!" 
With those words, he slammed Luke to the ground with a heavy thud! 
"Thump!" 
Luke felt as though his body had been run over by a truck, the pain almost making him faint.
###Chapter 631
631 Chapter 630 
"Pfft!" 
Luke spat out a mouthful of blood! 
All his internal organs were in pain. 
It was obvious he had suffered internal injuries. 
King looked down at him from above. "Surrender!" 
Luke wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and stared at King determinedly. "I said I won't surrender!" 
King immediately kicked hard at Luke's abdomen, trying to kick him off the stage to win the match, which was also to protect Luke. 
But Luke stubbornly grabbed King's foot, and even after taking that kick, he remained on the stage! 
"Pfft!" 
Yet another mouthful of blood spurted out. 
Everyone from the Special Division below was shocked. 
They all began to shout, "Luke, surrender!" 
Anyone with eyes could see that Luke was bound to lose, and any futile resistance was pointless! 
James even shouted, "Come on! Luke, didn't I just tell you? Just surrender!" 
Luke, however, glared at him. "I must protect the honor of the Special Division. I won't trust that task to anyone else!" 
James immediately realized Luke distrusted the people from the Freeman Sect because of his recent rivalry, and he shouted, "I was wrong just now, but the people from the Freeman Sect are just like you. They would give their all for the Special Division!" 
But Luke wouldn't listen. Wiping the blood from his mouth, he struggled to stand up. 
King found it hard to watch and sighed. "Surrender! If you die, the honor you value won't last. Your death means nothing to me!" 
But Luke laughed. "Perhaps to you, it's useless, but for us, it certainly holds extraordinary significance! Without the sacrifices of our forebears, we wouldn't have reached this far!" 
He raised his hand and charged toward King once more! 
"Uncle Dawson, make him surrender!" Holly couldn't help but shout, turning her gaze toward Brian. 
All eyes turned to Brian, and everyone said, "Deputy Director, let him surrender!" 
"Deputy Director Dawson, let Luke surrender!" 
Brian looked at everyone, then looked back at the arena. 
His eyes were brimming with reluctance, but he said, "He just said he couldn't entrust the protection of the Special Division's honor to someone else! That's his duty as a member of the Special Division." 
His words left everyone at the scene in utter silence. 
Even Holly felt a hint of respect for Brian and Luke, let alone those supporting Brian. 
As much as how she disliked those two men when it came to the greater good, they never hesitated... 
She clenched her fists tightly. "Uncle Dawson, if Luke loses, there's still one spot left. Let him surrender, and let me go!" 
"Let me go! Miss Sims, you've never trained in martial arts!" 
"I'll go!" 
"We must keep Vera South!" 
My people were filled with passion. 
But Luke was still stuck in that miserable battle. 
He was knocked down by King time and again, and yet he kept standing back up... 
No one knew how much blood he had spat out. The floor was speckled with stars of red... 
James looked on, his eyes reddening as he shouted, "Luke, surrender!" 
Luke wouldn't do that. Even if he was beaten down, he still refused to surrender. 
King squatted down. "Surrender!" 
Luke shook his head, "If you want to take Vera South, then step over my dead body!" 
If he died, then this matter would become a huge deal, and it would be difficult for Interpol to take Vera South away! 
Luke was sacrificing his life to keep the prisoner here! 
Brian understood his intention. His gaze on his son was filled with reluctance, firmness, and pride. 
Brian's eyes were filled with tears ... 
Luke managed to crack a smile. 
Keira was deeply touched... 
Luke couldn't stand up anymore. He was just gripping King's clothes, adamantly refusing to give in. 
King didn't want to kill Luke, and he was at a loss at that moment. 
The person in charge of Interpol went up on the stage and sneered. "Is this how shameless the Creran Special Division is? You can't beat us, so you start using shameless strategies! If no one can fight, just say so!" 
After that, he sneered disdainfully, "Weaklings." 
Once he uttered that word, all Crerans in the room became furious. "What did you say?!" 
The man scoffed, "Did I say something wrong? You're such a big department, but you don't even have one capable fighter! Aren't you weaklings? And this man, he's just resorting to despicable tactics!" 
"You can't talk about Luke like that!" James roared. "He is a true hero!" 
"Yes, you can't slander Luke!" 
A group of people began arguing fervently. 
But the man scoffed again. "I just called him that. What about it? What can you do to me? If you have the guts, send someone up to beat King!" 
After saying that, he looked at King, "Since this guy is so unafraid of dying, let's fulfill his wish. After all, it's normal to kill someone on a martial arts stage!" 
As soon as these words were uttered, the pupils of all those present suddenly contracted! 
Even King was momentarily stunned, but under his boss's gaze, he felt compelled to obey. 
James shouted, "You wouldn't dare!" 
"Why wouldn't I? It's the rule of the match. Are Creran people bad losers? " 
The person in charge of Interpol laughed, "Once this is over, remember to hand over the prisoner to us obediently!" 
James glared at him, then turned his eyes to Keira as if he wanted to say something. 
Keira nodded to him in response. 
With no choice left, King had to raise his fist; he looked at Luke again. "If you don't surrender, this punch is going to land on your head! You'll be killed on the spot!" 
Luke managed a smile. "I won't surrender!" 
The next moment, King put all his strength into his hand, raised it, and smashed it down toward Luke's head! 
All the personnel from the Special Division immediately cried out, "Don't!" 
Luke closed his eyes. 
If he were to die for the Special Division, it would have been worth it! 
But the next moment, there was only the sound of a "thump" as a slender hand blocked the punch!
###Chapter 632
632 Chapter 631 
Everyone at the scene found it difficult to watch. 
The weight of King's fist was well known to all; it was said to have the power to split a sandbag with a single punch. 
If it landed on a person's head, such a fist would surely burst the head open... Brain matter would come spouting out. 
Everyone covered their eyes. 
Even Brian closed his eyes, with tears leaking from the corners. Clenching his fists tightly, he heard the sound of that forceful punch hitting flesh! 
"Bang!!" 
That absolute power made Brian realize that his son couldn't possibly survive it; even if that punch wasn't to Luke's head, a blow to the abdomen would cause his internal organs to rupture and lead to his death! 
His heart felt like it was being violently grasped, causing Brian so much pain that he momentarily couldn't breathe. 
Luke was his only son! 
His father died for the Special Division. 
He could die for the Special Division, too. 
So could his son! 
But still, he felt the pain and despair. Tears welled up in Brian's eyes... 
For a moment, he regretted his decision... 
Regretted letting his son join the Special Division... 
But he knew he shouldn't regret it! 
As Brian was drowned in despair, he suddenly heard a faint voice. "What are you doing?" 
That voice... Was it Luke? 
He wasn't dead? 
Brian abruptly opened his eyes and saw a slender figure standing before Luke on the stage, currently stretching out a hand, grasping King's fist. 
The woman stood tall, her hands delicate like tender green shoots, blocking King's fist perfectly. 
King was an African American, and his giant fists and dark skin starkly contrasted Keira's pale hands, creating a stunning visual impact. 
King stood in front of Keira, a full head taller than her, and appeared twice as wide and several times heavier, like the difference between an adult and a child. 
Keira easily blocked the punch and looked down at Luke. 
Luke was frowning at her. "Step down! This is my battlefield! We can't lose!" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "You step down. I'll take over." 
Luke glared at her. "How could you? You've just joined the Inner Sect of the Freeman Sect. What do you know about martial arts? You..." 
The rest of his words stopped abruptly. 
Because Keira didn't waste words with him, and with a casual wave of her hand, King was forced to stagger backward and could barely keep his balance! 
Luke was stunned. "You, you..." 
Keira moved her neck around, warming up her shoulders and wrists. "Hello, I am Keera Olsen from the Freeman Sect." 
Luke was dumbstruck. 
Everyone below was also stunned. 
Even Holly stepped forward anxiously. "Keira, what are you doing? Come down from there..." 
The next moment, they heard James laugh proudly. "Allow me to introduce her. This is the senior sister of the Freeman Sect and my little sister, Keera Olsen!" 
After saying that, he looked at Luke. "Alright, hurry up and give in. Don't embarrass yourself up there!" 
Although his words conveyed disdain, he had already approached Luke and helped him to get up. 
Luke was still in disbelief and looked at Keira. He didn't speak and was pulled out of the competition area by James, effectively conceding defeat. 
Staggering and weak, he stood before Brian. "Dad, I've disgraced you." 
Brian clenched his fists, his eyes red with emotion, and his voice choked up. "I'm proud of you!" 
Luke's eyes lit up, and father and son supported each other, looking back toward the stage. After experiencing loss and a brush with death, their eyes were unconsciously filled with a touch of admiration and sincerity when they looked at Keira. 
Keira wasn't looking at the crowd below, nor was she aware that she had unintentionally won over Brian and Luke. She just stared at King. 
King was shocked as he looked at her. "You're very strong." 
Keira said, "Thanks." 
The head of Interpol was baffled, scanning Keira from head to toe in confusion. "You're the senior sister of the Freeman Sect?" 
Keira looked at him coldly. "Is there a problem with that?" 
Sweat instantly poured down his forehead. "No, that's not what I meant..." 
Keira didn't waste any more words but turned to King. "If I beat you, Vera South can stay, right?" 
King nodded. 
The next second, Keira moved like a darting rabbit, rushing up to him. 
Keira was petite, and she could have chosen the same combat path as James. 
She could have used her agile movements to play around with King, tiring him out with gasping breaths, then find an opportunity to win the match. 
But Keira didn't do that. 
King respected every competitor from the Special Division... 
The repeated restraint he had shown toward Luke was evidence of that, so Keira gave this opponent the respect he deserved! 
She struck with her strength!! 
King was stunned. "Miss Olsen, you're too arrogant." 
He threw a punch. He hadn't used his full strength on the punch against Luke, and that was why Keira managed to push him back. This time, he used all his strength! 
Keira's slight frame couldn't possibly be a match for him! 
But what he didn't expect was... 
"Bang!!" 
When their fists met, he felt that that tiny fist was as immovable as a hill. He tried with all his might to overcome her, but even with all his strength, he couldn't make the girl retreat a single step! 
Although Keira appeared frail, she was incredibly durable. With a background of enduring hardship from a young age, she also possessed considerable strength. Otherwise, how could she have caught the eye of the Freeman Sect's Leader just with her flexibility? 
Seeing that King was hesitating, Keira smiled. She extended her other hand and waved it through the air a few times before slapping it onto her own fist! 
With a "bang," King was pushed back by Keira, his feet scraping forcefully on the ground as he took several steps backward before he could steady himself, stopping just in time. 
King's eyes widened in disbelief as he looked at Keira. "Impressive! I'd like to challenge you again." 
Yet Keira put away her fists and said calmly, "You lost." 
Surprised, King looked down to realize he had been pushed out of the competition ring without knowing it. 
He was dazed for a moment, then gave Keira a fist salute before stepping down from the stage. 
Only then did Keira turn to the head of Interpol. "Aren't you leaving?" 
The man gritted his teeth. 
Keira, on the other hand, turned and walked toward the cell where Vera was kept. She was going to talk with the prisoner again.
###Chapter 633
633 Chapter 632 
The rest of the Special Division folks stood there stunned until Keira left the martial arts arena. Only then did they snap out of it. 
James was the first to shout, "Awesome! Our senior sister actually forced King into retreat with one move! One move! That's so freaking cool! Cool as hell!" 
The others also immediately got excited. 
It was a community that bonded through martial arts, where strength, the size of one's fists, and the quality of one's gear determined who the boss was. 
With that one move, Keira had conquered the entire Special Division. 
Holly exclaimed in astonishment, "When did Keira learn martial arts? How could I possibly not know?" 
Vincent happened to be standing beside her and couldn't help asking, "Didn't you say her name was Keera? Now she's Keera? Is she Keera Olsen or your good friend, Keira?" 
Holly immediately said, "Both!" 
Luke and Brian were also staring dumbfounded in the direction Keira had left, exchanging glances that revealed a hint of awe at the bottom of their eyes. 
Brian slowly said, "This generation's senior sister of the Freeman Sect is quite fierce." 
Luke grinned, revealing all his bloodstained teeth. 
Brian then laughed, "That's great! The Special Division now has a powerful ally!" 
Luke nodded as well. "I was worried before that the senior sister hadn't shown up and might just be a liability. After all, the Freeman Sect has had men as the leading disciples for so many years. Until this generation, the Sect Leader didn't have any Inner Sect Disciples and ended up recruiting a girl, which left everyone uncertain. After today, no one will ever question the senior sister's abilities again!" 
Brian nodded and looked toward the head of Interpol. "Nor will anyone question the Special Division's abilities anymore!" 
The expression on that man's face of Interpol stiffened. 
But James just laughed. "I seem to remember someone just now saying we were all weaklings." 
The head of Interpol quickly gestured, "No, I didn't say... that didn't happen." 
"Really?" 
"I heard it!" 
People on Holly's side shouted. 
"I heard it, too!" 
People on Brian's side also shouted. 
Although there had been some distance between the two groups due to the internal conflict, they once again united after this event. 
While they might look down on each other inwardly, they were still comrades-in-arms, people who could be trusted to watch each other's back. 
Watching them unite, the man from Interpol knew he had lost the mission. They had initially stood in two groups but now were back as one. He wiped the sweat from his forehead. "We'll be leaving now." 
James immediately hooked an arm around his shoulder. "Come on, let me walk you out!" 
Then, with a strong grasp, he clenched the head's shoulder, making the latter break out into a cold sweat from the pain. 
James said, "What's up with you? Why are you sweating so much? Do you want to take off your clothes and spar a little to cool down?" 
The man immediately swallowed hard. "No, that won't be necessary. I'm not hot..." 
"What am I saying? Sparring to cool down? It'll only heat you up. If you're not hot, then shall we spar a bit to warm you up?" 
"No, thanks. I've still got things to do..." 
"What's the matter? Weren't you here to pick up the criminal, Vera?" 
"No, I don't need to anymore..." 
The man left under the jeering of the crowd, his body bruised and battered from the pinches by James. 
By the time he left the Special Division, he almost burst into tears. 
Gosh... 
That was so brutal. 
The people here were too scary; he wanted to go home! 
... 
Keira ignored everything happening around her. Having revealed her identity as the senior sister and won the competition, she wasn't sure if it was a good or bad thing for her. 
She entered the interrogation room and saw Vera's excited look. 
Vera's face was full of certainty as she smiled. "You're here to let me go, aren't you?" 
She stood up and held out her hands. "Take these handcuffs off... Was King tough? How many people from your Special Division did he take down?" 
She laughed arrogantly, looking at Keira with a triumphant look on her face. 
Keira watched her steadily and smirked. "You're not going anywhere yet." 
Vera was taken aback. "Why? Are you telling me the Special Division doesn't keep its word? You refuse to admit defeat in the competition?" 
But Keira just curled her lips. "Because I won." 
Those words left Vera completely stunned. 
She looked at Keira incredulously. "What did you say?" 
"I said, I won. Now, it's time for you to fulfill the bet. Tell me, where exactly is the South family?"
###Chapter 634
634 Chapter 633 
Keira sat before Vera, looking as if she had everything under control. Vera was bewildered, feeling completely puzzled. "How could you possibly win? They even hired King, the Boxing Champion, one of the strongest fighters in the world today!" 
Keira watched her quietly without saying a word. Next to her, Lewis said, "Because she's the senior sister of the Freeman Sect." 
"What?!" Vera was even more bewildered; she stared at Keira incredulously. "That's impossible... How could that be?" 
Keira looked at her. "Why is it impossible?" 
Vera stared at her. "In the Crera region, there are only two people from the South family, Fox and Rabbit. Since I've pledged allegiance to Fox, I've also investigated Rabbit. Rabbit has a mild character, has never been outstanding in anything since a young age, and even has a daughter. She's nothing like you!" 
Keira thought of her sister, Keera, and her gaze softened. "You've investigated me, but have you ever considered that all of this could be a false front I put up?" 
Vera's eyes narrowed. "I get it now; you've deceived everyone. Rabbit, you're so cunning! When the South family chooses our code names, they usually pick them based on our personality while living with the South family. Looking at you now, you shouldn't be Rabbit; you should be Fox! Your thoughts are even harder to guess than Fox's! To think you've deceived even the South family and your own parents... No, to you, they are probably your foster parents. You are terrifying!" 
Keira frowned at these words. She stared at Vera, her expression grave and composed. "Stop talking nonsense. Now tell me, where is the entrance to the South family?" 
Hearing this, Vera turned her head sharply and scoffed. "I could tell you, but even if I did, you probably wouldn't be able to get in!" 
"Why not?" 
Vera looked at her. "The South family has never closed its doors to us; it's just that the door only opens once every three months, and each time it stays open for only seven days. The last time it opened was a month and a half ago, and the time before that was four and a half months ago. So, to go to the South family again, you'll have to wait another month and a half." 
Keira's brow furrowed. The last time the South family had opened its doors was four and a half months ago... 
Four and a half months ago, she and her sister were attacked at sea in Oceanion, and afterward, her mother was taken away by the South family. The timing matched exactly! 
Keira immediately looked toward Vera. "What do you mean by opening the doors? Where exactly is the South family? What kind of door can block all the detection?" 
Vera laughed mockingly upon hearing this. "You really don't understand, do you, Rabbit? Do you think you could have meticulously laid out all these plans? If you knew nothing about the South family, how could you hide your true strength?" 
She stared at Keira. "I sense conflict in you; the person you seem to be doesn't match the terrifying actions you have taken." 
Keira fixed her gaze on Vera. "I don't have time for your nonsense. Answer my question." 
Vera laughed. "Alright then, I'll tell you." 
She looked directly into Keira's eyes and slowly said, "Do you think that we, the people of the South family, actually know the location? No one in this world knows the exact location of the South family! Whenever we return home, we first have to apply to the family, and then someone will come to take us away. We wear blindfolds the whole way, so we have no idea where we are going... When we get home, the blindfold is taken off." 
Hearing that, Keira couldn't help but feel that the South family was so meticulous! 
Was it a measure to prevent someone who no longer wished to compete or who had developed enough power outside from waging war on the South family? Even the South family's own people were kept in the dark... 
As Keira was pondering this, Vera said. "However, Rabbit, as far as I know, it's been many years since you've been home. Even if we, the children wandering outside, don't return home, our parents would call us back. Haven't your foster parents called for you in all these years?" 
Keira didn't know. Had Keera been called back and declined, or had her foster parents never called for her at all? 
Keira took a deep breath and walked out the door. She went outside and made a phone call to Matthew. 
Matthew picked up almost immediately. "Keira, what's the matter?" 
Keira inquired, "What exactly happened with my sister? What was her situation in the South family when she was young?" 
She felt her mind was in disarray. 
With a sigh, Matthew said, "I'm not very clear on the details." 
Keira cut him off, "Then tell me everything you know!"
###Chapter 635
635 Chapter 634 
Matthew paused briefly before saying, "You already know that the South family's heirs have always been women, don't you?" 
"Indeed." 
"But the world is fair; intelligent couples might have less intelligent children. The competition for each generation's heir in the South family is always fierce. Besides choosing the heir, they also select the top ten candidates. The heir for the next generation is chosen from the children of these top ten individuals. In other words, only the children of the top ten have the qualifications to compete for the position of the next heir." 
Keira was taken aback. "But my mother wasn't in the top ten of the previous generation, so I don't have the qualifications to compete..." 
She and Isla would have been switched at birth. If her mother had been among the top ten competitors of the previous generation, Isla would also likely have become one of the candidates for the South family's current generation. But that wasn't the case. Having grown up with Taylor and his family, Keira was very familiar with the family members' lifestyles and routines. Isla had received no interference from any external forces. 
Matthew said, "That's right, your mother wasn't in the top ten of the previous generation. But have you ever considered something else?" 
"What is it?" 
"Daughters of each generation compete with their peers, yet there is only one successor. For those who fail by just a little bit, how could they be content in such a scenario? They would certainly pin their hopes on their daughters, so the losers would try hard to have children. However, these people, after striving in the outside world for many years, might suffer physical damage and not be able to have children or might not be able to produce female offspring. Obviously, it's not right to ask them to give up at that point." 
Upon hearing this, Keira vaguely realized what had happened with Keera's adoptive parents. "So?" 
Matthew sighed. "Therefore, if those who lost and even the successor of the previous generation were unable to have children, they could adopt the children of the losers. As long as these children carry the South family's genes and their parents or adoptive parents are among the top ten of the previous generation, they would become competitors in the next generation." 
Keira's pupils narrowed. "So, after my mother gave birth to Keera, she was stolen by someone from the South family because someone from the previous generation couldn't have daughters?" 
"Exactly." 
Matthew continued, "Most of the South family's successors are cold-hearted without steady partners. They only want daughters and typically don't need a man around. Your sister's adoptive mother had her womb damaged during the competition due to someone's scheme, rendering her unable to have children. She found out about your mother's whereabouts by chance and sent people to kidnap the child." 
Matthew sighed. "Your mother wasn't among the top ten; she was a loser, doomed never to leave the South family. That was why she concealed her background and never underwent prenatal check-ups while she was pregnant, so she didn't even know she had twins. Keera's adoptive mother stole her, and your own mother had no idea. 
"Keera was raised in the South family until she was five, then taken by her adoptive mother's subordinates to settle in Clance, Crera. To outsiders, those two subordinates were her adoptive parents, which was why her adoptive father also has the surname South. It was because he was a servant of the South family." 
Having said all this, Matthew added, "In the past, the South family zealously nurtured their progeny, but daughters are becoming increasingly scarce in the South family nowadays. To my knowledge, there are only nine contenders in your generation—one child from each of the top ten families of the previous generation, with one family lacking a daughter. Given the current circumstances, your sister holds a significant advantage because she has Amy." 
Amy... 
Keira suddenly remembered that both Vera and Fox had mentioned taking Amy away in their messages. Was Amy now a sought-after prize because it was difficult for the South family to produce heirs? Keira pursed her lips, understanding the logic behind it. 
At that moment, she suddenly received another call. Keira glanced down, and her pupils immediately contracted. The incoming number wasn't unknown; it was stored in her contact list under the name Fox! 
Keira said promptly, "I need to take this." 
After that, she hung up on Matthew and answered the call from Fox.
###Chapter 636
636 Chapter 635 
Keira answered the phone, and Fox chuckled, still using an electronic voice. "You're not Rabbit." 
Keira paused slightly and asked in a calm voice, "If I'm not, then who is?" 
Fox laughed, "Your elder sister Keera is Rabbit. Keira, I never imagined you hadn't died." 
Keira's pupils constricted at this revelation. She furrowed her brows. "What are you talking about?" 
Fox continued, "I was wondering how Rabbit suddenly became so strong. Now it makes sense... Hahaha!" 
Realizing her cover was blown, Keira retorted angrily, "Was it you who orchestrated the events in Oceanion? Were you behind our kidnapping?" 
Fox quickly responded, "While I've done many bad things, you can't blame me for everything. As for your sister's murder... I mean, Rabbit's murder, I have no idea who did it." 
Keira snapped, "It was the South family! You and my sister are the only ones vying for the heir in Crera's South family. If not you, then who?" 
Fox laughed again, "Believe what you want. I've nothing more to say." 
Keira clenched her jaw, "If it wasn't you, then who was it?" 
Fox chuckled, "Do you believe me now?" 
Keira analyzed the situation calmly. "If it were you, your target would have been my sister, not me. But the person in Oceanion clearly wanted to kill me!" Keera was just collateral damage! 
Fox replied, "You're quite smart. You're catching on quickly. Since you believe me, we can talk. Keira, let's meet." 
Keira's eyes widened, "You're willing to meet me?" 
"Of course, why not?" Fox laughed. "Though we're opponents, we're not mortal enemies! Besides, you may not know the relationship between us." 
Keira was taken aback, "Our relationship?" 
"Let's discuss it when we meet. I'll be at the Olsen residence." 
At the mention of the "Olsen residence," Keira's eyes widened further. 
Fox laughed again. "By the way, your father has woken up." 
A chill ran down Keira's spine, "What are you planning?" 
Fox replied, "The house is filled with your father's people. What could I possibly do? Just giving you a friendly heads-up... Hurry back and join me." 
Keira hung up and rushed outside. As she reached the yard of the Special Division, she heard an argument. 
Vincent was holding back Brian, trying to explain. "Deputy Director Dawson, my dad hasn't stepped down yet for good reasons; it's not what you think." 
Brian sneered, "What am I supposed to think? He can stay as long as he wants. He's eighty; I'm only fifty. I can wait. Worst case, I'll retire as soon as I take office!" 
He added sarcastically, "At least I won't be two-faced, talking about promoting new leaders while blocking their paths." 
Vincent's face reddened, "My dad isn't like that..." 
But Brian cut him off and headed for his office. Vincent followed, but Brian shut the door on him. As Vincent knocked, Brian said, "I just hurt my back. Are you expecting me to argue with you in pain?" 
Vincent paused, looking awkward. After a long moment, he sighed. "My dad doesn't plan to pass the Special Division to me; I'm just not capable enough. How can I lead the Special Division?" 
Squeak! 
Brian opened the door, looking at Vincent darkly, "What do you mean? I'm also incapable now. Should I step down for someone better? Just tell me who the old man favors. There's no need for all this subterfuge!" 
Vincent explained awkwardly, "That's not what I meant. I mean, I've always been inadequate, and no one in the Special Division respects me. But you're different. You've always been respected here." 
Brian scoffed, "No need for flattery. "What's the point of being strong when you're young if you can't maintain it? Maybe the old man is setting me up for failure now that I'm older and not as physically capable. Aha, is this the plan? Let me shine in youth and falter in old age, setting me up for later failure. Is that it?" 
Vincent took a deep breath, "I swear, my dad has no such thoughts!" 
"What's the use of your oath?" Brian retorted. "Then why won't the old man retire?" 
Vincent couldn't answer, his silence speaking volumes. He didn't know the answer. 
Brian sneered and slammed the door shut. 
Keira passed by and glanced at Vincent, who gave a wry smile, "Keera, believe me. My father doesn't have any ill intentions."
###Chapter 637
637 Chapter 636 
Anxious about the Olsen family's situation, Keira nodded, "Uncle Sims, I have other matters to attend to. Let's talk another day." 
With that, she ran out. 
Across the corridor, Luke, who had just received treatment, was being assisted as he walked. When he saw Keira, his expression stiffened, and he awkwardly turned away. He was trying to figure out how to greet her, but Keira sprinted off in a cloud of dust. 
Luke was dumbfounded. 
Lewis had been waiting in the parking lot. As Keira approached, Lewis started the car and asked, "What happened?" 
"Fox is at the Olsens'." 
Hearing that, Lewis pressed the gas pedal, and the car sped away. 
As he drove, he kept his eyes on the road and reassured her, "Don't worry. The Olsens are one of the five great families of Clance. If Fox could have taken full control, she would have done so already. There's no need for her to win over all five families if she could just force them to obey." 
Keira knew he was right. 
However, she couldn't shake her nervousness. 
The South family's power was shrouded in mystery, and no one knew what they might do. Fox was always scheming, and Keira had never been able to catch her... 
Taking a deep breath, Keira calmed herself, "You're right. The Olsens will be fine, and their security forces are strong." 
"Yes." 
Driving with one hand, Lewis reached over and held her hand tightly with the other. "Uncle Olsen will be fine." 
The car quickly made its way to the Olsen's estate, arriving in just twenty minutes. 
At the gate, Keira noticed the guards hadn't been changed, and she sighed in relief. 
It meant Fox hadn't taken over the Olsen residence. 
As the car drove in, the Olsens' housekeepers were busy with their daily duties, and Keira even saw her second uncle exercising in the garden. 
Everything seemed normal. 
"Whoosh!" 
The car stopped in front of the yard gate. Keira jumped out and rushed into the living room, heading straight upstairs to Uncle Olsen's bedroom. 
"Bang!" 
She burst into the room to find Uncle Olsen standing there, looking healthy and vibrant as if his chronic illnesses had vanished. 
Seeing her, Uncle Olsen was momentarily stunned, "Keira, what's wrong?" 
Keira rushed up to him and checked him over. "Are you alright?" 
"I'm fine." Seeing her concern, Uncle Olsen smiled warmly and turned around to reassure her. 
Keira asked, "How do you feel now?" 
"I feel hungry!" Uncle Olsen boomed. "I could eat a whole cow! Didn't I tell them not to inform you I had woken up? How did you find out?" 
After Uncle Olsen woke up, he had instructed not to release the news immediately. He was concerned that lingering health issues might worry Keira. However, after a thorough examination by the family doctor revealed no issues and even improved health, he relaxed. 
He hadn't yet informed Keira. 
Realizing that Fox had spoken about being in her house, Keira became alert. But Uncle Olsen's room was as it should be. She picked up her phone, found the recent number, and called it. The call was answered quickly. 
"Where are you?" Keira demanded. 
Fox's electronically synthesized voice replied, "In your living room. The way you rushed inside was quite impressive." 
In the living room… 
Keira's alertness spiked, and she signaled to Uncle Olsen that an enemy might be present. 
Uncle Olsen's expression darkened, and he followed Keira cautiously. 
Keira carefully made her way downstairs, checking left and right. 
Uncle Olsen followed, ready to defend if necessary. 
He was a capable fighter and could work with Keira to protect her. 
He remained calm 
Keira peered into the living room from the stairs. 
Apart from a few servants going about their tasks in the living room, there was no sign of anyone unusual... 
She spoke into the phone, "I'm in the living room. Where are you?" 
"I'm right here!" 
"I'm right here!" 
The voice echoed from the bay window area, synchronized with the electronic voice in the phone. Keira quickly turned her head to see a familiar figure standing there, smiling and waving at her.
###Chapter 638
638 Chapter 637 
Keira stared at the woman before her. 
She wore her hair in a ponytail, her face bright with a dazzling smile. Her eyes were clear, reminiscent of a girl untouched by the harsh realities of the world. Innocent and naive—this was Keira's first impression of her when they first met. But now, she could scarcely believe that this woman was actually Fox. 
Holding her phone, Keira stepped closer and asked, "Erin, are you really Fox?" 
"Indeed," Erin replied. She was no longer pretending. She hung up the call and greeted Uncle Olsen beside Keira, "Hello, Uncle." 
She appeared polite and sensible, like a well-mannered junior. 
Uncle Olsen looked puzzled and glanced at Keira before looking back at Erin. "I'm not well," he said. 
Erin was taken aback. 
Uncle Olsen frowned. "The poison in me, was it you who administered it?" 
With a slight smile, Erin said, "Yes, Uncle, you don't need to thank me for enhancing your health!" 
Uncle Olsen's face darkened. "If I hadn't known the whole story, I might have believed you. You nearly killed me. Is that what you call improving my health?" 
Erin pursed her lips, "Uncle, you are Charles's uncle, which makes you family. Why would I harm you?" 
Turning to Keira, she continued with a smile, "Aren't you curious, with so many poisons and mind-controlling drugs at my disposal, why I specifically chose Seven Days? It was to enhance Uncle's health. Consider it a gift to the Olsen family! Oh, and by the way..." 
She looked at Keira with a smile. "Even if the antidote you gave Uncle was the wrong one, it's alright because that would still be an antidote." 
Keira narrowed her eyes, catching on. "You and my sister, are you not in a hostile relationship?" 
"Of course not. Fox and the Rabbit—we're both from the South family in Crera. We've been allies since we left the family at age five." 
Still cautious, Keira asked, "Why should I believe you?" 
"Because of Amy." 
Erin chuckled. "You must know Amy's full name, right?" 
Keira's jaw tightened. 
Amy was her sister's only daughter, the person Keera cared about most before she died. She had asked Keira to take good care of Amy and ensure she wouldn't suffer. 
Upon her return home, Keira discovered Amy's name on her formal ID was Erin. 
Erin smiled, "She's also called Erin, like me. This is how your sister showed her submission and loyalty to me." 
Keira was shocked. "What?" 
Erin spread her hands, "Your sister knew she wasn't capable, so she surrendered to me long ago. Amy is the heir she gave birth to for me." 
Confused, Keira asked, "If that's the case, why didn't you just come clean? Why engage in this struggle with me?" 
Erin explained, "When Fox and Rabbit left the South family, Rabbit agreed to bear a child for Fox as a sign of loyalty and name the baby after Fox. But it's been seventeen years; how could I know if she hadn't changed her mind? Rabbit started acting strangely these past few months." 
She patted her chest, "I thought Rabbit had betrayed me, that she was reneging on our agreement. It scared me to death! I feared our agreement was over. I didn't know you replaced her." 
Keira was speechless. 
She watched Erin closely, noting the unsophisticated look in her eyes, which suggested honesty. But Erin had always seemed harmless, making it difficult for Keira to know if she could trust her... 
As Keira pondered, Erin walked over and sat on the couch. 
They were in the living room, where the servants were working at a distance. Their position could prevent eavesdropping while offering an open view. 
Keira continued to stare at her. "So, when you realized I wasn't my sister, you came to see me?" 
"Not exactly." Erin rested her chin on her hands, smiling broadly at Keira. "Besides that, you already knew I was Fox, didn't you? What's the point of continuing the charade? Let's lay all our cards on the table!" 
Keira didn't respond. 
Erin continued, "There's no need to deny it. If you didn't know I was Fox, you wouldn't have told Charles about Vera South, intending for him to relay the message to me. But I'm curious: where did I slip up? Was it the 'South' in my name?" 
"No." 
Keira met her gaze. "I've suspected you for a while." 
"Since when?" Erin asked, intrigued. 
Keira explained, "Back in the day, to fit the persona of an innocent young lady, you insisted on helping a wife who was a victim of domestic abuse. You remember that, right?" 
"Of course," Erin smiled, "I thought, as an innocent young lady, I should intervene, so I chose to help them. You even lectured me afterward, didn't you? What? Didn't I seem convincing enough?" 
"You were too convincing," Keira replied, "The environment of the Martin family couldn't possibly nurture true innocence. The fact that you grew up innocent is a discrepancy. You threw a smokescreen, making me think that Fox, like Rabbit, would marry into the Martin family to gain support. But it dawned on me when I later found out that the older generation had been laying the groundwork and that old Mr. Martin's granddaughter was me. Rabbit's elders would pave the way for her, but Fox's elders would do the same for Fox. Like your mother marrying into the Martin family, right?" 
Erin smiled, "You're really smart. But you got one thing wrong: my mother didn't marry into the Martin family. She had a one-night stand with Scott Martin's father. By the time I was born, I already had the identity of Erin as a cover. No one knew where Fox was all these years..." 
Keira looked at her, "So what now? You show up and make a big scene by coming here; what does that mean?" 
Erin stared back, "I want to know, if Charles and I truly love each other, Uncle Olsen, will you support Rabbit or me?" 
Uncle Olsen hadn't spoken yet when Erin laughed again, "But there's no rush. When my grandfather arrives, I'll ask him this question. Between me and Rabbit, a choice has to be made."
###Chapter 639
639 Chapter 638 
Erin lounged comfortably on the sofa, casually snapping her fingers at the nearby butler. "A cappuccino, please." 
Unaware of the recent conversation, the butler quickly brought the prepared coffee and handed it to Erin. 
"Thank you," Erin said with a sweet smile. 
The butler waved his hand dismissively. "Miss Martin, there's no need for such politeness." 
He then looked at Uncle Olsen and Keira. "Sir, Miss, would you like anything to drink?" 
Keira shook her head while Uncle Olsen stood up. "I'm going to grab something to eat." 
Having slept for so many days, his stomach was empty. 
Apart from that, his departure signaled to Keira that he hadn't detected any hostility from Erin. Nearing his fifties, Uncle Olsen was skilled at reading people and rarely wrong in his judgments. Keira simply nodded. 
Uncle Olsen followed the butler toward the dining area. 
Erin immediately stood up. "Uncle, wait for me! I'm hungry, too!" 
She then turned to Keira. "Won't you join us for a bite?" 
"..." 
At that moment, Erin still appeared to be the innocent young girl she seemed to be. It was unclear whether she had acted this way for so long that it had become second nature or if she truly retained a pure heart. Her demeanor seemed entirely genuine as if she wasn't the same person who had been negotiating with Keira moments earlier. 
Keira lowered her gaze, noticing Lewis, who had approached unnoticed. She told Erin, "You go ahead. I'm not hungry." 
She walked with Lewis to a corner. Keira looked at him. "Do you think she's a problem?" 
"From our conversation just now, I sensed no deceit in her." Lewis replied without hesitation. 
Keira nodded and then asked, "What do you think I should do next?" 
If Keera had indeed chosen to submit to Fox, should Keira serve Erin or oppose her? Erin and Keira were both old Mr. Martin's granddaughters. Considering Erin's influence within the Special Division, she likely had her own supporters in Clance's five major families. The task Keira had barely completed for the South family could lead to endless complications if she clashed with Erin. 
Moreover, Charles was in love with Erin, and while Uncle Olsen could unhesitatingly support Keira, what about Charles? Were the Olsen brothers once again facing a dilemma between choosing a wife or a sister? Why did Keira always seem to be at odds with her brothers' interests? She was becoming less certain. 
As Keira wrestled with her thoughts, Lewis suddenly said, "Keira, I have never put my fate in anyone else's hands." 
Keira was startled. Lewis continued, "If you hand over all the completed tasks to Erin, what's next? She'll promise to help you return to the South family to save your mother, right?" 
Keira clenched her jaw and nodded. She wasn't interested in the South family; she just wanted to rescue her mother and live peacefully with her father. But she knew her thoughts were naive because... 
Word by word, Lewis spelled out the danger she had been ignoring, "What if Erin fails? What if she demands you work for her before agreeing to save your mother? Moreover, even if you do rescue her, could you and she live in peace forever? Your mother has endured in Oceanion for many years, suffering countless grievances. Do you plan to rescue her and then live in hiding like fugitives with your father and me?" 
Keira tensed her jaw again. 
But Lewis laughed softly, "I'd be willing to abandon all glory and wealth to be with you, even if we ended up living simply, with my farming and you weaving. That would be enough for me. But what about our children? It might be easier if we have a son, but if we have a daughter, she'll inevitably get caught up in the South family's inheritance issues. You've heard how few girls there are in the South family now. Even if you choose to walk away, do you think the South family will just let you go? Do you think they'll give up on Amy?" 
Keira clenched her fists and took a deep breath. She understood all the reasons Lewis laid out; she had always known them but had never wanted to face them. Ever since learning about the South family's heir training program, she had found it ridiculous and wanted to break free from the South family's constraints. She just wanted to save her mother and live freely. 
Now, Lewis had laid out the harsh truth. Without fighting for the position of heir, she would never be free. Even if she bowed down to Erin, would Erin change the South family's rules to let her and her mother live happily? Or what would she have to sacrifice for Erin to make such a concession? The rules of a powerful family weren't easily changed. Thus, she had never had any choice. 
There was only one path for her: to win this battle for the heirship and take control of the South family to gain ultimate freedom. 
Keira took a deep breath, her eyes firm as she looked at Lewis. "I know what to do now." 
After finishing her conversation with Lewis, she returned to the dining table. Erin was gleefully gnawing on some ribs, grease gleaming on her fingers and mouth as she praised, "The food from Crera is so delicious! I've missed out on so much over the years!" 
Erin had been living with the Martin family all these years to keep the other heirs from knowing she was Fox. Now, she suddenly regretted it. She had missed out on the culinary delights of Crera! 
Uncle Olsen had finished a bowl of oatmeal. Although still hungry, he restrained himself, knowing that his stomach, empty for days, wasn't suited to overindulgence. Seeing Keira and Lewis, he gracefully wiped his mouth and turned to Keira. "Have you decided?" 
"Yes," Keira replied. 
Erin looked up, surprised. "Decided what?" 
"I'll continue to compete with you!" Keira said, "I'm going to win this inheritance contest!" 
Erin seemed unsurprised and nodded. "I know. It's like the ancient struggle for the throne; which prince wouldn't want to compete? However..." Erin put down the ribs, licked her lips, and smiled. "Keira, it seems you've forgotten something. Rabbit is already dead, and you have no right to compete with me!"
###Chapter 640
640 Chapter 639 
As soon as Erin finished speaking, the room fell silent. 
Erin blinked and continued. "Keira, your mother lost in the last round, and you didn't even qualify to compete this time around. So, Rabbit is already out of the game." 
Keira laughed, "Who said Rabbit is dead?" 
Erin pouted, "Your sister is clearly dead..." 
"Do you have proof?" Keira challenged. "We're twins; our DNA is identical. I am her, and she is me." 
Erin was momentarily stunned.She pouted. "You're just being unreasonable!" 
Keira shrugged. "Do you have any other evidence? If you're talking about memories before the age of five, many children forget things after an illness. As for identity, all identities are concealed. You must have other identities, too, right?" 
Ellis had been deceived by people from a medical organization and falsely diagnosed with azoospermia. Erin was skilled at concocting drugs within the Martin family, like the Seven Days potion she created. So, Erin must have some hidden identity! 
Indeed, Erin found herself at a loss for words. 
Keira pressed on, "So, how can you prove that Rabbit is already dead?" 
Erin puffed up with anger and retorted, "You...!" 
She quickly turned her head away. "Fine, even if you're Rabbit, do you really think you can beat me?" 
She continued, "Throughout Crera, our tasks have always overlapped. We need to unite the five major families, take control of the Special Division, establish contact with the Martin family, and there's one more task yet to be announced. But are you really sure that your relationships with the five major families are strong enough?" 
Erin took another bite of the ribs and spat out a bone. "Besides me, you have seven other enemies. Do you think those seven people would just stand by and watch us ally with the strongest power in Crera?" 
Keira furrowed her brows. 
Erin blinked and proposed, "How about we make a bet?" 
Keira looked at her, wary of another trap. "What kind of bet?" 
"Upon learning the truth, my grandpa will be in a dilemma. I'm closer to him by blood since you're just a granddaughter by marriage, while I'm a direct granddaughter. But it doesn't matter; your grandmother's influence adds points in your favor..." 
Before she could finish, Keira scoffed, "The South family is matrilineal. Isn't it possible that my maternal line carries a stronger bloodline than you, the direct granddaughter?" 
Erin choked on her words, then pouted. "You're sharp, always looking for an advantage. Fine, I'll get to the point. Let's see who can win over the Special Division, and the other will submit. How about that?" 
Keira was taken aback. "Are you sure?" 
As the senior sister of the Freeman Sect, wouldn't winning over the Special Division be a piece of cake? 
Erin smiled. "I'm sure. But you and Holly are close, right? The trouble old Mr. Sims is in is significant. Are you sure you can protect him?" 
She took another piece of rib to gnaw on. "If you can't exonerate him, will you expel old Mr. Sims from the Special Division? Or what? Keira, you've never actually been Rabbit or undergone the South family's training. Do you know why we all lived in the South family before the age of five? It was to teach us our first lesson: to be cold-hearted and detached." 
Erin continued speaking while eating, her words slightly muffled. "But you... you value friendships too much." 
After that, she gestured to the butler. "Please get me some more ribs." 
The butler immediately smiled indulgently. "Certainly, Miss Martin." 
Erin seemed completely at ease in the Olsen residence as if she were in her own house. 
Seeing her casual demeanor, Keira couldn't help but ask, "What exactly did old Mr. Sims do?" 
Erin looked at her and said bluntly, "Espionage. You know, of all crimes, it's the least forgivable. So, are you planning to cut ties with the Sims family right now? If you abandon the Sims family and get along with Brian Dawson, you might still have a chance of beating me." 
Keira went silent. 
She furrowed her brows and was about to speak when her phone rang. She glanced at it and saw it was Holly. She answered immediately, and Holly's voice was trembling with emotion. "Keira, the charges against my grandfather are out! He's accused of espionage!" 
Holly was crying uncontrollably. "This charge will affect his descendants. The Special Division is convening to discuss expelling me and my grandfather... Deputy Director Dawson wants to invite the senior sister of the Freeman Sect to join the discussion on this matter."
###Chapter 641
641 Chapter 640 
Keira immediately asked, "Is the charge against Mr. Sims true?" 
Holly responded, "Someone from above said Grandpa had already confessed. But I don't believe it. I want to see Grandpa…" 
Holly's voice was heavy with sadness. 
Keira understood her feelings well. They had been classmates since junior high. When they were younger, Keira admired Holly's sense of justice and thought her family consisted of generations of forensic doctors. Holly always spoke of her grandfather with pride. 
The Special Division was a state secret, so her grandfather was known publicly as a forensic doctor in Clance. Holly would visit him every holiday, and she always seemed inspired when she returned. 
Patriotism was deeply rooted in her. It was a trait passed down through generations. 
One's quality was related to their family background and the way they were brought up. Keira had known Holly for a long time and believed her integrity and commitment to justice weren't just a facade. So, Holly couldn't accept that her grandfather—whom she admired and idolized—could be a spy. 
Keira couldn't believe it either. One's true nature, especially from childhood, was hard to fake. How could Mr. Sims, who raised someone like Holly with such noble ideals, possibly be a spy? 
And to have confessed personally… 
Keira narrowed her eyes. "Don't worry, I'll be right there." 
After hanging up, she turned to Erin, still savoring her ribs. 
Keira's expression darkened. "Did you report Mr. Martin? Was it you?" 
"Yes and no." 
Erin was blunt. "I didn't want to cause internal strife within the Special Division. After all, it's the only official organization in Crera that can help us. Mr. Sims is very stubborn. I haven't found a way to get through to him all these years. Brian and his son Luke easily distanced themselves from Mr. Sims when influenced. My original plan was to have Brian rise to power and then have my people persuade him to lead the Special Division toward our interests or unwittingly complete some tasks for me. But since the Special Division is an organization Rabbit and I are aiming for, it had to be destroyed by other heirs." 
She blinked, discussing this openly with Uncle Olsen and Lewis without hesitation. "From what I know, this was done by Country M's Tiger. Tiger is her codename. I don't know who she is." 
Erin shrugged. "As heirs of the South family, we're each contacted by the respective Guardian. We must keep our identities secret. Once exposed, we become targets for others. Eliminating one means one less competitor for them!" 
That was why Erin kept her identity hidden. 
Erin smiled. "Actually, since leaving the South family at age five, I haven't really returned home because every trip carries the risk of exposing my identity." 
She then looked back at Keira. "Let's get back to Tiger and Mr. Sims. Tiger got wind of Fox and Rabbit's task of winning over the Special Division, so she decided to destroy it. The charge of espionage against Mr. Sims is real; she provided the evidence. Her plan was to bring it out after Mr. Sims had defeated Brian to completely ruin the Special Division. I discovered it earlier and exposed it." 
Erin looked at Keira and shrugged. "I didn't want a good person to end up like this. Aside from this, Mr. Martin never did anything evil. But compared to the Special Division, I preferred to remove this tumor first. At least Brian's takeover could still be useful to us. If I hadn't exposed it sooner and Tiger had caused a stir, the Special Division would have been severely weakened." 
After saying all that, Erin grabbed a drink with her greasy hands and gulped it down. It wasn't the most elegant sight but showed her carefree attitude. 
Keira stared at her. "Are you saying you did this for the good of the Special Division?" 
"Yep." 
Erin blinked. "I never do bad things." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
How could she say that so earnestly? 
Erin had instigated conflicts between Gary and Nara, leading to Gary's suicide attempt. Gary's mother then tried to assassinate Nara as a result. She also set that fire at the South residence, trying to kill Mary. Weren't all of them bad deeds? 
Keira continued to stare at Erin but didn't confront her. Instead, she turned and walked away. 
She needed to see Holly first to find out what crime Mr. Sims had really committed.
###Chapter 642
642 Chapter 641 
Keira didn't continue arguing with Erin but turned her attention to Uncle Olsen. 
Uncle Olsen nodded and said, "Miss Martin, since you enjoy our cuisine, why not stay with us for a few more days?" 
His intention was to keep her around to prevent any trouble. 
Erin feigned innocence. "Oh, yes, Uncle Olsen! I'd love to try roast duck, roasted whole lamb, and that famous Crera stew. I've heard so much about it while abroad…" 
Seeing her eager response, Keira and Lewis left immediately. 
Lewis asked, "Does it seem like Erin doesn't want to get involved in the Special Division's affairs?" 
Keira replied, "Now that old Mr. Sims is in custody if his crime is confirmed, Brian Dawson will likely take over. Since Erin has a mole in Dawson's camp, she'll definitely act later. Even if she stays here, she can still give orders." 
Lewis inquired, "So, the reason for detaining her is..." 
Keira said, "I'm worried she might take drastic measures, like killing people to silence them. Keeping her here will make her more cautious. Her willingness to stay shows she understands my intentions." 
Lewis paused. 
Keira continued, "Even if she wasn't involved in past incidents, remember the fire at my sister's villa? If it weren't for the basement Keera prepared and my warnings to Mary, the consequences could have been severe." 
Lewis responded, "Still, the outcome was positive. After that fire, Mary and Ellis reconciled, and the Davis family stabilized their cooperation with us. Otherwise, you would have had to choose between your best friend and the Davis family." 
Keira stopped, surprised. "What do you mean?" 
Lewis didn't believe in small talk. 
His words were deliberate. 
He said, "Don't you find these events a bit too coincidental?" 
Keira was surprised. 
Lewis said, "For example, Fox lured Mrs. Spencer to kill Nara, but Austin intervened and saved her. Nara then reconciled with the Gill family, making you an honored guest. Similarly, regarding the fire at Mary's place, have you noticed that in every incident Fox has been involved in, the ultimate beneficiary seems to be you?" 
Keira was stunned. 
As they reached the parking lot and got into the car, Lewis drove toward the Special Division. Keira remained deep in thought. 
It wasn't until they arrived at the Special Division that she said, "I understand now." 
Lewis didn't press further but glanced at Holly, who was pacing anxiously at the entrance. 
Seeing their car, Holly rushed over. 
Keira got out and asked, "How is your grandfather?" 
Holly's eyes were red, and she was trembling slightly. She stammered, "He's been detained in the Special Division in his own office. They said he'll stay there while they figure out what to do next…" 
Holly looked at Keira. "Keira, I'm not afraid of being implicated or even arrested. I just can't believe Grandfather would do this!" 
Keira patted her shoulder. "Don't panic. First, tell me exactly what happened." 
Holly wiped her tears and said, "The issue is related to Grandfather's connection with Barry Brandt, the renowned physicist from Country M." 
Keira was surprised. "Barry Brandt? I remember him." 
Holly continued, "Barry Brandt studied in Crera before moving abroad for graduate studies and his doctorate. He now has his own office and students in Country M. During an interview, a report asked him why he didn't come back, and he criticized Crera despite the country's role in his education…" 
Years ago, this had been a major scandal. Back then, Keira and Holly were still in middle school. Holly had been the one to tell Keira about Barry Brandt. At the time, Holly was furious and had exclaimed, "Ungrateful wretch! Blinded by the wealth of Country M, he's forgotten why Crera sent him abroad to study. He claims Crera has treated him poorly, but if it weren't for Crera, he wouldn't have had the chance to study abroad at all. What an ungrateful cur!" 
Barry Brandt had trained many physics graduates but refused to let them return to Crera. It drew widespread criticism. 
Even his family members were furious. 
Keira asked, "What does this have to do with your grandfather?" 
Holly took a deep breath. "Grandfather is accused of being closely associated with Brandt and providing him with Crera's latest technology, which aided his research. The evidence includes records of their correspondence and substantial financial transfers…" 
Holly's eyes filled with tears again. "I can't believe my grandfather would do this!" 
Her voice cracked with despair. "But Grandfather admitted it. Keira, what's going on? Grandfather always despised such people. Were all those years of patriotism just a fa?ade?"
###Chapter 643
643 Chapter 642 
Holly didn't even know how to cry anymore. 
She was utterly confused and unable to make sense of her grandfather's actions. 
Keira couldn't help but ask, "He took the money? Is there any evidence?" 
Biting her lip, Holly replied, "Yes, every transaction was traced. Although they were very discreet, the total amount adds up to several billion…" 
She paused and added, "US dollars." 
Keira was stunned. The amount was indeed astronomical. 
The Sims family was wealthy, but such a significant sum might have tempted old Mr. Sims more than expected. 
Holly bit her lip again. "Why would he take so much money? Neither my father nor I have any use for that much cash. We've never even seen it. But it's definitely there in his accounts…" 
Wiping away a tear, Holly said, "I don't understand, Keira. Could Grandfather really be a spy?" 
Keira patted her shoulder. "Let's go see him first." 
Holly nodded, holding back her sobs. 
As they were about to enter, Lewis approached. "Keira, I need to tell you something." 
Keira looked taken aback. "What?" 
Lewis leaned in and whispered something that made Keira pause and then look sharply at him. 
Lewis nodded in response. 
Taking a deep breath, Keira said, "I understand." 
She followed Holly into the Special Division. 
Inside, the atmosphere had changed. Previously, whether they were old Mr. Sims' subordinates or from the Dawson camp, everyone had treated Holly with respect. 
Old Mr. Sims had managed the Special Division with authority for years. 
Now, everyone looked at Holly with contempt. Some seemed ready to speak but remained silent when they saw Keira. 
The attitude toward Keira was different. As the senior sister of the Freeman Sect, she was respected for maintaining the honor of the Special Division. 
Keira was indifferent to the change. Holly wasn't one to care about external opinions, so they proceeded to the office where old Mr. Sims was being held. 
Layers of guards blocked their way. 
When Holly moved forward, the guards showed wariness and blocked them. They looked to Keira. "Senior Sister, we're detaining a confessed spy here. Ordinary people are not allowed to enter." 
Holly shouted, "There must be some misunderstanding!" 
The guard replied, "We hope so, too, but the evidence is irrefutable. The transactions have been intermittent over the past decade. No one would frame old Mr. Sims starting ten years ago. If he had surrendered the money initially, there wouldn't have been any issues. The money just sat there; nobody above had any clue. If old Mr. Sims isn't a spy, what is he?" 
Holly was speechless. 
The guard added, "With old Mr. Sims committing such acts, we have grown suspicious of the Sims family. As his granddaughter, it's best if you don't wander around the Special Division. What if you steal important information?" 
Holly's eyes reddened with anger. "Are you treating me as a spy, too?" 
The guard sneered but ignored her, addressing Keira instead. "Senior Sister, it would be best for you to stay away from her. After all, she's the granddaughter of an old spy. We don't currently have evidence to prove she's a spy, but old Mr. Sims has provided foreign entities with technical information. It's possible she helped obtain some of it!" 
Holly screamed in anger, "I did not!" 
"Whether you did or not, we can discuss it once everything is clarified. But even if it's cleared up, as the granddaughter of a spy, you'll no longer receive our trust. Please understand," the guard said. 
Holly was choked up. 
She wanted to argue but didn't know how. 
Seeing this, Keira said, "May I see old Mr. Sims?" 
The guard frowned. "Deputy Director Dawson's signature is required." 
Before Keira could respond, James interjected. "The Sect Leader of the Freeman Sect holds the same status within the Special Division as old Mr. Sims. The senior sister of the Freeman Sect holds a rank equivalent to a Deputy Director. Since when does she need Deputy Director Dawson's permission? Is the Special Division no longer interested in having the Freeman Sect as an ally, or do you plan to treat us as subordinates?" 
The guard fell silent and reluctantly moved aside. "Senior Sister, please enter." 
Holly followed closely behind. 
The guard seemed about to say something, but James scoffed. "If Deputy Director Dawson were here, would you dare to stop him?" 
The guard had no reply and let them pass.
###Chapter 644
644 Chapter 643 
Keira arrived in the hallway outside old Mr. Sims' office. 
When she last visited, the area was still open and not sealed off. Now, it was blocked, restricting entry to unauthorized personnel. 
Holly's footsteps were unsteady, reflecting her anxiety. 
They reached old Mr. Sims' office, where Holly hesitated at the door, prompting Keira to push it open. 
Inside, they found an elderly man. 
His full head of silver hair and wrinkled face still held traces of the authority he once commanded. 
As he stood watering the plants and not looking at them, he said, "I've admitted my crimes already. There's no need to come and ask again." 
Holly began to tremble. 
Despite everyone saying old Mr. Sims had confessed, she never believed it. 
But hearing those words from her grandfather's mouth made her feel as though her world was collapsing. 
She staggered forward, her voice trembling. "Grandpa, it's not like that." 
At the word "Grandpa," old Mr. Sims jolted. 
He turned slowly, staring at Holly in surprise before smiling. "Holly, you're here." 
Holly hadn't expected him to be so nonchalant. She immediately grabbed his hand. "Grandpa, tell me it's not true. What you just said isn't true!" 
Old Mr. Sims sighed. 
Looking at her, he spoke after a moment, "I'm sorry. I've brought shame upon you." 
Holly's eyes reddened as she looked at his wrinkled hand, her voice breaking with a sob. "It's not true, Grandpa. You're just teasing me, right? You've always taught me to love my country and to place the nation's interest above everything else. How could you do something like this…" 
Tears filled Holly's eyes. "Grandpa, please say something. Tell me none of this is real!" 
Old Mr. Sims sighed again. "Holly, I was foolish. I had never seen so much money and thought a small mistake wouldn't cause any trouble…" 
"I don't believe you! There must be some misunderstanding! The person you despised the most was Barry Brandt!" 
Holly shook her head frantically, refusing to accept the truth. 
Old Mr. Sims lowered his gaze and sighed. "Do you remember thirteen years ago when your grandmother was gravely ill?" 
Holly was startled. 
Old Mr. Sims continued, "Back then, only Country M had the advanced medical capabilities to save her. However, given our situation, we had no money, and the healthcare providers there refused treatment unless we paid a large sum. They asked me for a hundred million. You know our family assets were, at most, a few tens of millions. That was the first time I felt helpless due to a lack of money…" 
Old Mr. Sims lowered his gaze. "When your grandmother passed away, I suddenly felt a desperate need for money. What if the same thing happened to your father next time or to you after that? What would we do?" 
He continued, "Without money, there is no sense of security. That was the start of my troubles. 
"Once someone tells a lie, they need countless lies to cover it up; when they do something wrong, they need countless wrongs to hide it. I found myself in deep trouble, which is why I didn't dare to spend or touch the money—I just let it sit there." 
He gave a bitter smile. "Billions in US dollars; I often think it could have saved your grandmother's life hundreds of times over... Holly, I was wrong. So terribly wrong." 
Holly looked at Old Mr. Sims in disbelief. "Grandpa... why didn't you say anything earlier? Why didn't you tell me sooner? Why did you keep this from me..." 
She cried uncontrollably. "Grandpa, you taught me from a young age that even so, we must not admit defeat. How could you give in to money... Grandpa!" 
Old Mr. Sims patted her shoulder. "Holly, I've dragged you and your father into this, haven't I?" 
Holly lowered her head. "My dad has been dismissed and is now under house arrest. I'll also be investigated. Grandpa, how could you make such a mistake!" 
Old Mr. Sims lowered his gaze. "I have nothing else to say. I'm prepared for whatever punishment comes from above. Holly, you are innocent. I'm sorry to you and your father..." 
The guilt in his eyes was evident. 
Holly suddenly remembered something and blurted out, "So, is that why you've been refusing to hand over the Special Division to Uncle Dawson all these years? Is it because only the person in control of the Special Division has access to so many resources?" 
Old Mr. Sims gave a rueful smile. "Exactly." 
Holly staggered back, staring at old Mr. Sims. "How could you do this? Do you realize how much you've hurt Uncle Dawson?!" 
Overwhelmed by the revelations, she ran out. 
After she left, Old Mr. Sims turned to Keira. "You must be the Senior Sister, right?" 
Surprised that he recognized her, Keira was momentarily taken aback. 
Old Mr. Sims smiled. "The only ones who can freely enter here besides Brian Dawson is the Senior Sister. I've heard about you from Holly." 
Keira pursed her lips. "Greetings, Mr. Sims." 
She bowed to him. 
Old Mr. Sims said, "Please look after Holly in the future. I know that because of me, her entire life will be overshadowed, and I hope you can make her life a little less bitter." 
Keira sighed. "Mr. Sims, drop the act. Holly isn't here anymore."
###Chapter 645
645 Chapter 644 
This comment made old Mr. Sims pause briefly before he chuckled, "I don't know what you're talking about." 
Keira cut straight to the point, "I know the truth." 
Old Mr. Sims looked at her, momentarily startled. "What do you know?" 
Keira replied, "I know Barry Brandt isn't a traitor, and I also know you're not a spy." 
Old Mr. Sims hesitated, then gave a wry smile. "I don't know what you're talking about." 
Keira stepped closer and said, "Everyone says Professor Brandt is a traitor, that he betrayed his country and will never come back. But in reality, only a few people know that he's been nurturing talent for the country all along, and he'll return home one day." 
She looked at him intently. "That day might be far off, or it could be tomorrow." 
Old Mr. Sims's expression changed immediately. He eyed Keira with suspicion and asked, "Who are you? How do you know these things?" 
Keira responded, "It doesn't matter, nor does how I know. What's important is… I'm sorry that you've suffered." 
Old Mr. Sims fell silent. 
Keira continued, "I know you're just playing a part in his plan. If the act isn't convincing enough, it could attract the attention of Country M, making his return even more difficult. So, you had no choice but to accept this blame!" 
Old Mr. Sims clenched his jaw, momentarily at a loss for words, but finally sighed. "I really don't know what you're talking about. If this were true, the higher-ups wouldn't have imprisoned me…" 
Seeing that he wouldn't admit anything without more details, Keira sighed. "A friend told me he met Professor Brandt. Although it seems like he betrayed his country, his heart is actually with his nation. When he recruits students abroad, he might say they won't return home, but privately, he's very selective. His students are required to sign an agreement to come back." 
Old Mr. Sims's brow furrowed deeply. 
Keira then revealed, "The friend who told me this is my husband." 
When Holly mentioned Barry Brandt, Lewis had whispered this exact information to her. 
When she finally met old Mr. Sims again, she understood. 
Old Mr. Sims knew Barry Brandt's intentions and was his collaborator within the country. If Brandt wanted to establish himself abroad, he would need technological support; the information old Mr. Sims provided was likely not related to national security. The money Brandt sent was probably a facade for trading technology, but in reality, it might have been Brandt returning the money he had earned over the years to his country. 
That was why all that money remained untouched in Old Mr. Sims's account. A true miser would never be able to do that. 
Seeing Keira speak with such certainty, old Mr. Sims knew he could no longer hide the truth. 
He stared intensely at her and asked, "Can I trust you?" 
Keira responded, "Yes." 
"Even if I don't trust you, I must, mustn't I?" Old Mr. Sims spoke gravely. "As a member of the Freeman Sect, you must be patriotic deep down. So, I beg you, please don't let this get out…" 
He continued, "Barry Brandt's research abroad is extremely important for our country's development. We are at a critical juncture; once this research is complete, he can lead his students back home! Therefore, at this stage, I must be a spy! I can only be a spy!" 
Keira asked, "How long will this critical juncture last?" 
Old Mr. Sims was taken aback. "Not long." 
"How soon is 'not long'?" 
Old Mr. Sims clenched his jaw and stayed silent. 
Keira turned to him. "I'm also a scientist, so I understand that 'very soon' could mean two years, five years, or even longer. Each scientific breakthrough at a critical point is the toughest phase. You can be imprisoned for a week, a month, but what if it's ten years?" 
Old Mr. Sims laughed. "Then it's ten years." 
"Your imprisonment, your son's house arrest, and your granddaughter's struggle with accusations—don't you care at all?" 
Old Mr. Sims looked ahead. "Some of what I told Holly earlier was true. Years ago, when her grandmother was seriously ill, only Country M could treat her, but they demanded a hundred million. After her grandmother passed away, I was devastated." 
He faced Keira. "It hurt me to see our country lagging behind in technology, including in medical science. We've been catching up slowly, but it's still not enough. We need to be at the forefront, making others plead with us, not the other way around…" 
Old Mr. Sims's gaze was resolute and righteous, commanding Keira's respectful silence as he spoke. "I don't want Holly or any Creran to be at the mercy of foreign countries when they're ill, subject to their whims and harsh conditions." 
Keira looked at the eighty-year-old, gray-haired man before her and realized all of this was for the prosperity of Crera. 
She thought of her ancestors' painful history, their words echoing in her memory, "I have endured these hardships so my descendants won't have to suffer." 
Tears welled up in Keira's eyes as she looked at old Mr. Sims. "So, you never stepped down because this situation needed a scapegoat, and you didn't want Brian to become that scapegoat? You did it to protect him?" 
Old Mr. Sims laughed. "After all, I am his elder. Now that I've been captured, he can take over the Special Division with a clean slate." 
Keira was deeply moved. 
She stared in shock at old Mr. Sims. "You sacrificed yourself for the benefit of everyone, but what about Uncle Sims? What about Holly? They are your son and granddaughter!" 
Old Mr. Sims laughed. "There always have to be sacrifices. I believe that when the day comes for my innocence to be proven, my son and Holly will forgive me. It will be soon, very soon…" 
A tear suddenly trickled down his cheek as he looked at Keira. "You don't need to help Holly. Her surname is Sims, and the Sims family creed is patriotism—sacrificing personal matters for the nation. So, this is also her duty."
###Chapter 646
646 Chapter 645 
Keira paused, her eyes brimming with tears. She looked at Old Mr. Sims, astonished, struggling to find words that could convey the reverence she felt. 
Here was an old man who had dedicated his entire life to his country. 
Keira understood that despite Vincent and Holly's public humiliation and the way they'd been labeled as spies, they would harbor no resentment toward the old man once they knew the truth. Holly would see her grandfather as someone who had never let her down. 
Keira believed that Holly was that kind of person. 
She clenched her fists and gazed at the old man with a mixture of admiration and sorrow. 
Old Mr. Sims said, "Keira, is it? Holly often talks about you, saying you're her best friend. But you must promise me not to help her. I'm in trouble now, and if my son and granddaughter were to receive protection, it would raise suspicion in Country M. This would make it even harder for Barry Brandt to return home. We must avoid any complications." 
Keira was taken aback. "Mr. Sims, is it really worth it?" 
Old Mr. Sims smiled gently. "Barry Brandt has accomplished so much in his research and has overcome countless technical challenges. He has also mentored over a hundred brilliant scientists. If they return to our country one day, they will greatly benefit our physics industry... I'm just an old man nearing the end of my life. The only people I might have let down are Vincent and Holly. But they won't blame me. So yes, it's absolutely worth it." 
Keira's eyes filled with tears, and she fought to keep her emotions in check. 
She looked at Old Mr. Sims, her voice barely above a whisper. "I know what I need to do now." 
Old Mr. Sims's face softened with relief. "Good, young friend. Thank you." 
He glanced at the tea on the table and sighed. "As the Senior Sister, please tell the others not to bring me such fine tea. A spy doesn't deserve it." 
He added with a sad smile, "I've managed the Special Division for years. I know it's like a sieve, with many moles slipping through. Our act must be convincing, so I trust you'll keep this matter private." 
Keira nodded in understanding. 
Setting aside the fact that Fox had placed two people in the Special Division, it was clear that the South family had made their own arrangements. Additionally, M country's real spies would certainly keep a close watch on this department. 
Therefore, the fewer people who knew about this, the better. 
Taking a deep breath, Keira said, "I'll visit when I have time." 
"Alright then," Old Mr. Sims leaned back on the sofa, staring out the window. 
His room had no cell phone, no TV—no distractions. He could only look at the sunlight outside. This eighty-year-old man, likely short on sleep, would spend his remaining years here... 
A lump formed in Keira's chest as she stepped out. 
Just as she was leaving, she heard a commotion at the door. "Hurry, storm in there! I just saw the old spy enjoying tea—how dare he! Seize it immediately!" 
"What a scoundrel, betraying our nation's interests. He deserves to die!" 
"Even at his age, he continues to cause trouble, living so long and committing such despicable acts!" 
"…" 
The people of the Special Division, whose moral character and patriotism were deeply ingrained, showed no mercy to anyone. 
Not even an old man they once respected, once he was labeled a spy. 
Keira stood there, stunned, watching as the group barged into old Mr. Sims's room, turning it into chaos. She felt helpless, wanting to say something, but then she saw old Mr. Sims shake his head slightly. 
Keira suddenly felt an indescribable emotion filling her chest. She didn't know what to do, feeling immensely uncomfortable and on the verge of tears. The old man with graying hair stood there, watching silently as everything he loved was taken away. Even his sofa was confiscated, leaving only a bare, hard plank bed. But his eyes were full of compassion. 
Keira clenched her jaw, forcing herself to turn away, no longer looking at the pitiful state of the old man. But she knew that the old man, who had seen much in life, was calm and still at this moment. 
Keira hurriedly walked away as if a slower pace would prevent her from overcoming the mental barrier. 
Just after she stepped outside, she saw Brian Dawson standing in front, full of anger. She was taken aback. 
Brian scoffed. "No wonder he has been unwilling to give up his position; it turns out he wanted to occupy it in order to spy and line his own pockets!"
###Chapter 647
647 Chapter 646 
Holly stood in front of him, unable to say a word. Her unease was palpable; she opened her mouth as if to argue but found herself unable to justify her actions. She knew Brian was right. She understood the grave mistake her grandfather had made. 
Tears streamed down her face as she bowed her head and finally said, "Uncle Dawson, I'm sorry." 
Brian frowned as he looked at Holly. After a long pause, he placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Holly, I've seen you grow up. I believe you're not at fault." 
Holly paused, her eyes glistening with emotion. "Really?" 
"Yes," Brian replied, "But as a family member of a spy, you must understand that there are rules in the department that must be followed." 
Holly's expression shifted to deep contemplation. She knew exactly what those rules entailed. Her eyes reddened as she stood there, feeling like a child who had done something wrong, unsure of what to do. 
She stared blankly at Brian. 
Brian sighed. "Forget it; after all, you're just a girl..." 
At that moment, someone spoke up, "Deputy Director Dawson, are you going to let her off just because she's a woman? We agreed when joining the Special Division that we don't distinguish between men and women here, only comrades in arms! If her grandfather has done something wrong, she must be dealt with according to the law!" 
Brian frowned. "Let's at least give her some dignity!" 
The person paused but remained silent. 
Holly, however, spoke up. "That won't be necessary." 
The others were instantly stunned, looking at her incredulously. 
Seeing this, Keira grabbed the person next to her and asked, "What rule?" 
The person was reluctant to speak but showed respect when he saw Keira. "Senior Sister, there's a rule in the Special Division: you must supervise your own family members. If someone in your family is a spy, then you are also guilty! This is our job, and if there's a traitor in the family, it's either due to a lack of vigilance or collusion. So, the person has to be expelled from the Special Division... and then..." 
"And then what?" Keira asked. 
The person sighed. "Do you know about the Beggars' Sect in ancient times?" 
Keira nodded. "Yes." 
"One reason the Special Division survived was because it had origins in begging. There used to be a ceremony where, when someone became the boss, the others would spit at him to show respect." 
Keira was taken aback. She remembered this scene from a TV drama, where the heroine became the leader of the sect in "The Legend of the Condor Heroes", and found the tradition quite distasteful. 
This might have been a ceremony for the Beggars' Sect. But for people now, it was a humiliation. 
Keira's eyes widened as she suddenly understood. "You mean…" 
The person sighed again. "If someone's family produces a spy, that person must face the spit and curses of everyone and leave the Special Division." 
Keira's eyes widened in disbelief as she turned to look at old Mr. Sims. 
Old Mr. Sims stood by the window, silently observing the scene outside. The realization struck Keira with intense pain. 
Old Mr. Sims knew about this rule and still chose to accept the consequences, even if it meant his beloved granddaughter had to endure everyone's scorn. He insisted on acknowledging his guilt. 
He had to let the enemy see. 
Keira clenched her fists and turned to Brian, raising her voice. "No!" 
The crowd turned to look at her. 
Keira stepped forward, "These are archaic, nonsensical rules! If they're not part of the official regulations, we shouldn't abide by them!" 
Brian sighed. 
Suddenly, Mike spoke up. "No!" 
Mike, a devoted follower of Holly and a loyal supporter of old Mr. Sims, surprised everyone with his sudden opposition. 
Mike declared, "I used to admire their character, but now that I know they've done something wrong, I can't allow this! It's the rule, and this rule ensures everyone is vigilant with their family if they don't have to face this ordeal. If you didn't catch the anomaly within your family, then there is a problem!" 
Some people nodded in agreement. 
Brian frowned. "But Holly has just joined the Special Division and is still on probation. Forget it..." 
As Brian spoke, the others fell silent. 
Holly, her eyes swollen and red, suddenly shouted, "No!" 
She looked at Brian with determination. "Uncle Dawson, a mistake is a mistake! I'm willing to accept the punishment. We can't break the rules of the Special Division because of me!"
###Chapter 648
648 Chapter 647 
Brian paused, intending to speak, when someone suddenly intervened. "Deputy Director Dawson, you can't break the rules!" 
The person turned angrily towards Holly. "Both my parents were scientists in the field of physics! When I was a child, they were secretly executed by a spy. I joined the Special Division because of that, determined to protect our country's talent and contribute to its development! 
"But I never expected, heh..." 
With a bitter smile, the person continued, "Mr. Sims was my Idol and whom I respected most, but he actually aided Barry Brandt—a known traitor! Does he not realize how our nation's technological level has lagged behind, leading to significant losses? Barry Brandt's departure caused immense damage to Crera! And yet, he helped Brandt establish himself overseas... It's so ironic, so profoundly ironic! 
"So!" Stepping forward, the person glared at Holly. "As the child of a spy, you must bear the brunt of our anger and discontent! Besides, with Mr. Sims disguising himself so well, who's to say Holly isn't a spy herself?!" 
The person decisively concluded, "That's why we can't break the rule! Not only must we follow all procedures, but the Special Division must also expel her permanently!" 
Brian fell silent at these words. 
Another person said, "When the Special Division was established, we swore that we despise traitors above all! What difference is there between his actions and those of a traitor? Mr. Sims, as the leader of the Special Division, committed such an act that made us lose face internationally! No other special organization's leadership is a spy!" 
"Exactly, we can't concede on this matter! Holly must face our denunciation!" 
"Not just Holly, but also her grandfather, Hector Sims!" 
"Hector Sims, his very name is a huge joke!" 
"Deputy Director Dawson, he suppressed you for so many years just to amass wealth. Looking back, isn't it laughable? Since the higher-ups have imprisoned him with us, why not drag him out and expel him from the Special Division?" 
"Right!" 
"…" 
As the crowd hurled accusations, Holly suddenly spoke up. "My grandfather is already eighty years old. I'll take the punishment; please spare my grandfather!" 
Her eyes brimmed with tears as she looked around at her colleagues. She understood their feelings, but old Mr. Sims was still her grandfather. 
She could choose her country over her grandfather without hesitation, but she couldn't bear to see her grandfather suffer such humiliation. 
However, Holly's plea only further enraged those around her. "You're still speaking up for that old spy? Then you really are a little spy yourself! Holly, you've truly broken our hearts!" 
Holly was taken aback. "I'm not—I didn't—I..." 
"As a member of the Special Division, faced with a spy, what should your reaction be? And what is your reaction now? Your grandfather is a traitor, why are you still defending him?" 
Holly listened in shock. "My grandfather isn't like that; there must be some misunderstanding..." 
Before she could finish, a cup was suddenly hurled at her, splashing tea all over her. 
Holly turned to see an employee from the Special Division confronting her. "What misunderstanding? He committed this act that none of our colleagues had discovered. But you're a family member; have you failed to notice it, too? Did you ever benefit from the money he received?" 
Holly waved her hands urgently. "Never!" 
"Of course, he wouldn't need to use it since your family's wealth is enough for you all to live comfortably. But without those billions of US dollars, could your family afford such extravagance? It's as if you wanted to squander your family fortune... The truth is that you love his wealth! It's the money from his treason that allowed you to live so lavishly!" 
The statement was a distortion of the truth, but at that moment, nobody cared about its veracity. 
The Sims family lived lavishly because they inherited the wealth from their ancestors, while others struggled to make ends meet on their salaries. People envied the wealthy, and this comment incensed the crowd further. "We all work hard for our country, why should the Sims family alone live such a life of luxury?" 
"Right! Deputy Director Dawson, since everyone is here, why not call Hector Sims out and have him endure our scorn along with his granddaughter?" 
"Damn the traitors! Damn the spies! Deputy Director Dawson, that man must face our accusations and scorn! He must be punished for selling technological secrets and give us an explanation!" 
Keira furrowed her brows upon hearing this. 
Hector Sims was old and couldn't withstand such humiliation. 
Brian was clearly inflamed by the crowd's words. "Alright, today we'll interrogate one of our own and dispel everyone's anger! You two, go and bring me Mr. Sims... Hector Sims!" 
Keira frowned further upon hearing this.
###Chapter 649
649 Chapter 648 
She abruptly looked toward the room where old Mr. Sims was detained and furrowed her brows. 
A group of people immediately rushed over, dragged old Mr. Sims out, and threw him into the courtyard. Everyone from the Special Division instantly gathered around, all looking at old Mr. Sims with a mix of complex emotions. 
Old Mr. Sims had been their former leader and their idol. 
But what he had done was too much for them to bear. It made them feel like their life's pursuits were nothing but a joke! 
Old Mr. Sims' deeds were even posted on their wall of honor. Everyone, including Brian, had held him in the highest esteem. 
They had all been proud of him, but who could have imagined that this beacon of stability would have such a problem? 
Once, they had held a secret ballot on who was least likely to be a spy. Without a doubt, old Mr. Sims had come out on top by a landslide. 
But it turned out... 
Everyone stared at Old Mr. Sims, wanting to say something, but upon seeing his graying hair, the words wouldn't come out. Old Mr. Sims had supported them, encouraged them, and even undertaken dangerous missions with his aging body, time and time again! 
He had always charged forward with courage. 
Who would have thought that such an idolized figure would do something like this... 
For a moment, no one spoke. 
Holly stepped forward anxiously, helping old Mr. Sims up and shouting, "Grandpa!" 
Old Mr. Sims sighed, "I've involved you in this mess." 
Holly's eyes reddened, and tears streamed down her face. 
The situation left her with mixed emotions. 
She despised traitors, but when faced with the fact that the traitor was her own family member... Her reason told her she should continue to despise him, but here was her flesh and blood... 
She couldn't help but choke up, "Grandpa! How could you do something like that?" 
Old Mr. Sims sighed, "I'm sorry." 
Holly looked at him, feeling powerless. 
Old Mr. Sims turned to Brian, "Follow the rules and do what you must." 
Brian looked at old Mr. Sims, his gaze filled with intricate emotions. 
He had admired the old man all his life, held grudges against him for twenty years, and now, as old Mr. Sims finally fell from power, Brian was about to drop the "Deputy" from his title. Yet, unexpectedly, he found it meaningless. 
Brian lowered his gaze, "Sir, don't blame me for being ruthless. We have to be even stricter with you. I can let Holly go, but I can't let you off. So, accept our punishment and condemnation!" 
He pointed forward, "Everyone, line up!" 
The members of the Special Division immediately formed a long line that stretched to the entrance of the yard. 
Old Mr. Sims stood at the front of the line, staring at the people before him. 
Keira watched him, clenching her fists tightly. 
Just then, Keira received a video call. 
Keira frowned, noticing it was from Fox. She answered, and Erin said cheerily, "Keira, I'm calling you because I just realized there's something I haven't told you..." 
Keira asked with a frown, "What is it?" 
Erin began, "Well... Old Mr. Sims isn't actually a spy. He was in cahoots with Barry Brandt. The two of them had long agreed to work together from home and overseas. Barry Brandt is supposed to return to the country in a year with his research findings and his scientific team." 
Her tone was nonchalant, as though she was mentioning that the ribs in her hands were delicious. 
Keira's pupils narrowed, and she immediately asked, "How do you know about this?" 
Erin raised an eyebrow, "Oh, you knew? You're not as naive as I thought!" 
She tilted her head and laughed, "Since you know the truth, it must be time for you to make your most difficult choice, right? I called to remind you that we, the contenders for the South family's legacy, have already been through such training. We know what kind of choices to make and when! So, today, I'll give you a lesson in that."
Keira was stunned.
###Chapter 650
650 Chapter 649 
Erin continued with a cheery smile, "We've all learned to be tough—that includes your sister. Don't think too highly of her. If she wasn't hard-hearted, would she have let Amy suffer at home with such a father and grandmother?" 
Keira furrowed her brows. 
Erin went on, "The first step to becoming the heir of the South family is learning how to always make the right choices! 
"Old Mr. Sims has sacrificed a lot, but those were his choices. If you want to rescue your mother, you should ignore this matter and use your status as the senior sister of the Freeman Sect and the positive impression you've just made at Brian's to solidify your position within the Special Division and increase everyone's approval of you! 
"If I were you, I'd be the first to rush up and spit! That way, you'd quickly gain their approval. You won't need to waste so much effort! These are all experiences from someone who's been through it all. Otherwise, you might find it very difficult to gain the Special Division's approval, and if that's the case, then you might as well submit to me obediently, just like your sister!" 
Having said all this, Erin continued gnawing on a roasted rib, her little mouth glistening with oil, looking innocent and flawless. 
Keira stared intently at the video, suddenly understanding Erin's purpose. 
Erin told her that piece of information on purpose, just to make her go against her conscience and be the first one to act. 
It was deliberate! 
Erin let this story out to prevent Keira from gaining the support of the Special Division... 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Erin continued, "However, it's hard to be tough. We've been trained by our families from a young age to be selfish and never meddle in others' affairs. With your personality, I fear you won't be able to do this! What a pity, you don't even qualify to compete for the position of heir! After all, she's your best friend, isn't she?" 
At this point, she giggled, "Keira, how will you choose? 
"If you defend Holly and old Mr. Sims, then you've lost this competition. If you don't defend them, you still have a chance to win." 
Erin still wore her smiling face, which made Keira clench her fists tightly. 
She knew she should listen to Erin and not meddle in these matters. 
But watching the old man moving to the forefront, she clenched her fists tightly. 
Old Mr. Sims had made so many contributions to the country, and even in the end, he was still trying to consider what was best for Barry Brandt and even for Brian. 
He didn't retire because he didn't want Brian to be the spy, knowing that being the spy would certainly result in being reviled by thousands... 
He was getting on in years; there was nothing else he could do in his lifetime, but if Brian were to be burdened with all this responsibility now, how could he return to the Special Division even if Barry Brandt came back to the country? 
He had thought of everyone else but had not considered himself and his own children and grandchildren... 
Keira knew full well he was a selfless person and was innocent. Could she really just watch him suffer these indignities? 
Keira's jaw tensed. 
Erin's mocking voice came through the phone, "Keira, you're not getting soft-hearted, are you?" 
Keira's gaze dropped, and she clenched her fists. 
Then, she heard, "Grandfather!" 
Holly ran to old Mr. Sims and cried out, "Let me replace my grandfather. He's old, and if he takes this punishment, he'll collapse!" 
Her crying didn't evoke concern from the crowd. Instead, Brian reprimanded her, "Holly, this is the rule of the Special Division! Step aside!" 
Holly didn't move. 
Old Mr. Sims then pushed her lightly. "Holly, move aside. What's a bit of spitting? I've been through much worse in my childhood..." 
Holly wanted to say more, but old Mr. Sims sighed. "Besides, it was my mistake, and I should be the one to bear it." 
Holly was stunned and didn't move. 
Leaning on his cane, old Mr. Sims slowly made his way through the crowd. 
He approached Brian. 
Brian stared at him for a long while, "Hector, if you were short on money, you could have told me, but you shouldn't have betrayed your country for the enemy! You know my father died in the tech station, and the thing I hate the most is a spy! Don't blame me for this!" 
After that, he cleared his throat and then spat viciously at old Mr. Sims! 
Old Mr. Sims closed his eyes. 
But inside, he trembled. 
Despite having experienced a lot, this kind of humiliation was truly hard to accept... 
But the anticipated sticky, disgusting substance didn't land on him. Instead, he felt a gust of wind, and upon opening his eyes, he saw Keira's jacket had been thrown at him, blocking his face and shielding him from Brian's spit. 
Old Mr. Sims was taken aback and immediately looked anxiously at Keira. 
Keira's eyes were resolute as she stepped forward. 
Through the Bluetooth earpiece connected to her phone, Erin shouted, "Hey, Keira, have you gone mad?! Don't go! You..." 
The words were cut off as Keira had already disconnected the call. 
Keira walked up to old Mr. Sims and positioned herself right in front of him, her gaze piercing as she looked at the crowd. "As long as I'm here, no one is going to touch either Mr. Sims or Holly!"
###Chapter 651
651 Chapter 650 
Her words left everyone stunned. 
Old Mr. Sims furrowed his brows even deeper. 
Holly turned to Keira with concern. "Keira, don't get involved. This isn't your fight..." 
Keira met their gazes firmly. "How can it not concern me? I'm the senior sister of the Freeman Sect. What happens in the Special Division affects me! I have a right to speak up." 
She addressed the crowd, "I don't care what Mr. Sims has done. Holly is my friend, and as long as I'm here, I won't let you mistreat her or Mr. Sims!" 
Her stance angered those present. Although Keira had recently helped the Special Division, and they felt grateful toward her, her actions now made many question her loyalty. 
Brian frowned. "Senior Sister, we respect you, but how can you defend a spy?" 
"Exactly, are you his accomplice? Did he bribe you?" 
"These are the Special Division's rules; you can't just ignore them!" 
"We don't care. He broke the rules and must face the consequences. If we let him off, what's to stop others from using past merits to escape punishment?" 
"…" 
One by one, people criticized her. 
Keira remained calm and turned to Brian. "I saved Luke yesterday, didn't I? I'm the one who defeated King!" 
Brian was taken aback. "That's true, but..." 
"Then I'm using that merit to ensure these two aren't humiliated!" Keira declared. 
Brian's face darkened. "Senior Sister, there's no rule in the Special Division that lets merit override fault. We can't set a dangerous precedent!" 
Keira scoffed. "Does the Special Division no longer value its relationship with the Freeman Sect?" 
Brian hesitated. 
Keira's gaze was intense. "I'm the senior sister of the Freeman Sect, and I understand our relationship with your division. We've never been in a superior-subordinate dynamic. If you want our continued support, you'd better respect my request!" 
Brian found her position unreasonable. "I thought you were magnanimous and held no grudges after saving my son. I believed you had the nation's best interests at heart. I didn't expect you to be so reckless!" 
Brian found her position unreasonable. "I thought you were magnanimous and held no grudges after saving my son. I believed you had the nation's best interests at heart. I didn't expect you to be so reckless!" 
Keira replied, "The choice is yours. Decide how you want to handle this!" 
She stepped up to old Mr. Sims. "If anyone dares to disrespect Mr. Sims, they'll have to deal with me!" 
She threw a punch into the air. 
The Special Division members recoiled, remembering how she had defeated King the day before with a single strike. No one dared challenge her. 
Seeing this, old Mr. Sims spoke up. "Young lady, you don't need to go this far. The Special Division's affairs don't concern you!" 
Keira looked at him determinedly. "Mr. Sims, I have to step in! I want to see if my position as the Freeman Sect's senior sister holds any weight here!" 
She turned back to Brian. "And I also want to see if the Freeman Sect will continue its partnership with the Special Division in the future." 
The weight of her words was palpable, causing Brian to clench his jaw. 
Old Mr. Sims was taken aback, realizing she was framing this as a power play between the Freeman Sect and the Special Division. 
The downside was that Keira was now at the center of the storm. 
He looked at her, clearly shocked, but seeing her resolute expression, he chose not to argue. 
He knew that once Keira had made up her mind, no one could change it. 
Old Mr. Sims sighed and fell silent. 
Brian glared at Keira, and the rest of the Special Division looked at her with anger. 
The Keira, who had once won their admiration, now appeared to them as a headstrong young woman using her position to push them around. 
Their eyes were filled with fury. 
After a tense silence, someone finally spoke up. "Senior Sister, don't get too full of yourself. Does your master know you're acting like this?" 
"Yeah, does the Sect Leader know about your behavior?" 
"The Sect Leader of the Freeman Sect is polite when he meets Brian. Senior Sister, don't push your luck!" 
A chorus of voices questioned her, but Keira simply lowered her gaze and said softly, "I have the authority to make decisions for the Freeman Sect." 
The Special Division fell silent. 
Brian glared at her for a moment before sneering. "Well, this is quite a show! Mr. Sims, you've really raised a fine granddaughter! No wonder you moved her to the Special Division. It was to have her back you up! I'll be sure to report this. Senior Sister, enjoy your victory while you can!" 
With that, Brian stormed off in anger. 
Keira let out a sigh of relief. Just then, her phone buzzed with a message from Fox. "You lost."
###Chapter 652
652 Chapter 651 
Keira stared at the message, snorted softly, and didn't respond. She tossed her phone into her pocket. 
Then she turned to Old Mr. Sims. "I'll take you back." 
Old Mr. Sims sighed but said nothing. He slowly turned around and, with the help of his walking cane, walked back into the prison he had built for himself. 
After escorting Old Mr. Sims back to his office cell, Keira exited the building, only to see Holly with red-rimmed eyes standing there, watching them. "Keira, I'm sorry for causing you trouble." 
Keira patted her shoulder. "You never have to apologize to me." 
Holly wiped her tears. "But you shouldn't have stood up for me. Do you know that many people in the Special Division were cursing at you just now?" 
Keira replied, "A few curses won't hurt me." 
Holly choked up. She looked at Keira and suddenly recalled how, in junior high, it was Keira's fearless spirit that had attracted her in the first place. So many years had passed, and her girl had never changed. 
Holly clenched her fists. "Keira, I won't make things difficult for you." 
She turned and walked toward Brian Dawson's office. 
Keira blinked. "What are you going to do?" 
"Resign." 
Holly said, "Staying here will only make things harder for you. If I resign, they won't see me around, and there will be fewer attacks on you. 
Keira watched Holly, wanting to say something, but ultimately said nothing. Holly's moral sense was too strong, and she cared a lot about what others thought. Staying here would mean more scolding; resigning and going home to rest for a while would be better for her. 
Keira nodded. "Then go ahead and resign." 
She stood in the yard and soon saw Holly exiting Brian Dawson's office. "I've been suspended. I'll still have to cooperate with their investigation... Keira, I'm going home." 
Keira inquired, "How is your father doing?" 
Holly grimaced with a bitter smile. "He was taken away last night. I guess things won't be easy for him. But that's only to be expected. I never imagined Grandpa could do such a thing." 
She hung her head. Keira patted her shoulder, wanting to tell her that her grandfather was a hero, but she dared not say it. Holly was a bad liar, and if she let anything slip, it would bring trouble to Barry Brandt... 
Keira took a deep breath. "Stay strong, Holly." 
"I know." 
Holly smiled at her and then strode out. Keira could see people from the Special Division whispering and pointing all around her, but Holly wasn't like before, holding her head high. Instead, she walked with her head down, like a person who had done something wrong, seemingly trying to curl up into herself. 
Watching this, Keira couldn't help but heave a heavy sigh. Holly couldn't cheer herself up unless Old Mr. Sims was vindicated. With that in mind, Keira turned and walked out. 
On her way, she heard people from the Special Division scoffing at her from a distance, followed by sarcastic taunts. 
"Some people know a bit of martial arts and think they are all that great. They're throwing their weight around in the Special Division, and that's completely ludicrous!" 
"The Freeman Sect has truly fallen. They've accepted such a person as their senior sister. I really wonder if the Sect Leader is blind." 
"I feel so ashamed of the Freeman Sect." 
Keira seemed not to hear any of this as she stepped out of the Special Division. 
Lewis was waiting for her in the parking lot. She walked over, got into the car, and Lewis said, "One week." 
Keira blinked. "What?" 
Lewis looked at her. "Professor Brandt will return to the country in one week." 
Keira's expression brightened. "Are you sure?" 
Lewis nodded. "I just got in touch with him. He's aware of old Mr. Sims's arrest and won't wait for a year for old Mr. Sims' sake. He plans to come back in a week with his students. When the time comes, I'll personally ensure their safe return." 
Keira asked, "Won't his sudden return affect his mission?" 
Lewis smiled. "Professor Brandt has long become one of the top scientists in the physics field. He has been wanting to return home but hasn't found the right opportunity. Moreover, if old Mr. Sims can make sacrifices for Professor Brandt, how could Professor Brandt possibly stand by and watch old Mr. Sims spend his remaining days in prison? Their friendship... is one of mutual support." 
These words made Keira pause for a moment. Then she nodded. The friendship of the older generation was truly moving. 
As she was contemplating this, her phone rang. James' voice came through. "Keera, your actions at the Special Division have been reported by Brian Dawson to the Sect Leader, and he's ordered you to come back immediately to face punishment!" 
Keira felt exasperated. She twitched the corner of her mouth and looked at Lewis. "Can't go home. Let's head to Freeman Sect first!"
###Chapter 653
653 Chapter 652 
Lewis Horton hesitated as he was about to take Keira back to the Freeman Sect, his face a mix of shock and uncertainty while he repeatedly furrowed his brow. 
Eventually, he couldn't help but blurt out, "Can we not return to the Freeman Sect?" 
Keira Olsen was startled. "Why?" 
Lewis coughed. "I've heard that the Freeman Sect has strict rules, and they'll surely punish you for this. I don't want to see you suffer." 
Keira laughed upon hearing this. 
There was a flicker of tenderness in her eyes, and she sighed. "But I must return. My master is like a father to me. I must obey him." 
Lewis clenched his jaw. "Alright then." 
With his gaze fixed ahead, his mind was consumed with thoughts of what he might do if the Sect Leader of the Freeman Sect decided to punish Keira. How could he save her from such a fate? 
Tangled in these thoughts, they soon arrived at the Freeman Sect. 
Lewis parked the car and followed closely behind Keira. 
Keira looked relaxed, as returning to the Freeman Sect felt like coming home to her. After entering the gate, she saw Brian and another man standing in the courtyard. 
That man must be someone important since Brian was currently lodging a complaint, and the man was in conversation with the Sect Leader. 
The Sect Leader had his eyebrows tightly knit, and there were dark circles under his eyes. He tried his best to appear angry as he bellowed, "This is outrageous! What a miscreant! When she gets back, I'll break her legs!" 
Upon hearing these words, both Brian and the other man were baffled; they exchanged glances and then looked at the Sect Leader. "There's no need for that, but can you discipline her properly so she doesn't act so arrogantly!" 
The martial strength of the Freeman Sect was undoubtedly the biggest assurance for their Special Division! 
The presence of the senior sister was like an anchor, keeping everything steady. 
The Sect Leader was getting old, and in the future, if the Special Division wished to lean on the martial strength of the Freeman Sect, it would undoubtedly have to rely on the senior sister. 
That day at the Special Division, King, the Boxing Champion, effortlessly defeated all of them, but the senior sister only used one move to defeat King! 
Although Brian knew that the move was merely a contest where King and the senior sister had exerted their greatest strength, the martial arts prowess of the senior sister was apparent. 
Break her leg? 
The Special Division might as well shoot itself in the foot. 
Yet, the Sect Leader furrowed his brow, "As you know, my disciple was hard to come by. I traveled the world before I found such a disciple with exceptional qualities. It's a pity she comes from a poor background and grew up in the countryside, knowing no manners. But what can I do when she's so talented? I took her in, so I have to spoil her a bit. That's how she became so unruly. Now that you've come to me with a complaint, I must properly discipline her! I can't keep spoiling her like this!" 
The Sect Leader's face darkened as he looked to the side, "Bring out our punishment tools!" 
James Olsen's master, the Sect Leader's junior brother, had long come to understand the quirks of his senior brother. He rolled his eyes and pretended to retrieve the tools. 
He walked very slowly, not at all eager to bring it out. 
After all, they wouldn't use it. If he took them out, he would have to put them back again. It would be a waste of energy, right? 
But why were those two from the Special Division so slow to react? He was almost at the box with the punishment tools, and they still hadn't told him to stop! 
James Olsen's master couldn't help but slowly reach out his hand, then turned his head to look at Brian and the other man, "Senior Brother, be careful. If we use that tool, your disciple's foundation will be ruined! 
"Our punishment method is very tough. One strike and little Keera would probably be knocked down. If she gets hit and decides to walk away in protest, the Freeman Sect would lose its successor!" 
Brian was dumbfounded. 
His mouth twitched as he realized that the two in front of him were putting on an act, so he couldn't help but say, "Let's forget about the physical punishment. I just think the senior sister's temper needs to be controlled. She's running the Special Division as a dictatorship, and that's too arrogant!" 
The Sect Leader promptly said, "Exactly, she's too arrogant! She must be punished! You said I shouldn't break her legs, right?" 
Brian nodded. 
"How about breaking her arms then?" 
Brian said, "…that's even worse." 
"Our punishment tools aren't allowed either, so how should we punish her?" 
The Sect Leader sighed deeply. "Forget it. Let her do the horse stance for two hours as punishment." 
Brian was speechless. 
Did that count as punishment? 
All the martial disciples of the Freeman Sect must hold the horse stance for four hours every day, and the Sect Leader decided to punish the senior sister with only two hours of horse stance. 
Was that a punishment or a reward?! 
Brian's mouth twitched. 
The Sect Leader immediately said, "What's wrong? Not happy? Then, shall we go back to breaking her legs?" 
Brian was shocked. 
It was his first encounter with the Freeman Sect's shameless tactics, and he was at a loss for words. He looked at the Sect Leader and then took a deep breath. "Let's go with the horse stance then." 
At least it counted as a punishment when said out loud. 
The Sect Leader immediately nodded, then turned to Keira, who had walked in, "You miscreant! Do the horse stance now!" 
Brian turned his head, and the moment he saw Keira, he frowned. 
He thought everything was settled at this point. 
But to his complete surprise, Keira ed, "Master, what have I done wrong? Why are you punishing me? I won't accept it! Perhaps you should just expel me from the sect!"
###Chapter 654
654 Chapter 653 
Brian was dumbfounded. 
The Sect Leader immediately sighed, "Why did you have to act so high and mighty in the Special Division, huh?" 
Keira said, "Old Mr. Sims did the wrong thing, but he's now eighty years old. In Crera, we respect the elderly and care for the young. Can we punish such an elderly man? If word gets out, what would become of the Special Division? I'm thinking about the reputation of the Special Division." 
Upon hearing this, the Sect Leader said, "You do have a point there!" 
Then he looked at Brian. "Mr. Dawson, what do you think... should we still impose a penalty?" 
Keira played dumb. "I don't accept the punishment. If you really want to punish me, then revoke my martial arts and expel me from the Freeman Sect!" 
Brian was shocked. 
Keira's arrogance in the Special Division indeed embarrassed all the members. Brian had sought his superiors to salvage some dignity for himself. 
The punishment of two hours in the horse stance was already quite lenient, but Keira actually rejected even that. 
Who would dare to nullify the martial arts of the senior sister? 
She was their strongest combatant now! 
The Sect Leader then looked toward Brian, "Mr. Dawson, what do you think?" 
Brian took a deep breath, "There must be some misunderstanding about today's incident. Let's leave it at that! There's no need for punishment!!" 
After saying that, he glared at Keira and turned to leave. 
The Sect Leader said, "Mr. Dawson, are you leaving just like that? Won't you stay for a meal? I'll have the senior sister toast to you to apologize!" 
Keira said, "Master, do you want me to apologize to him? Then you'd better kick me out of the sect!" 
Brian didn't know what to say. 
He immediately quickened his pace! 
The senior sister absolutely couldn't be expelled! If that happened, whom would the Special Division rely on when in need? 
Only after seeing Brian and the other man leave did Keira raise an eyebrow and turn to the Sect Leader. "Your acting was a bit over the top there!" 
The Sect Leader waved his hand dismissively. "Hey, we're not aiming for any awards." 
With that, he yawned. 
Keira looked at him. "Master, your dark circles are pretty severe!" 
The Sect Leader immediately looked at her. "It's because I thought you had died, so I cried uncontrollably and damaged my eyes! Now I get dark circles so easily!" 
Keira said, "You got them from playing video games late into the night yesterday, didn't you?" 
"Eh, how did you know?" 
"..." 
As Keira and the Sect Leader chatted, Lewis watched them from a distance, quietly observing. 
He suddenly realized why Keira had returned with such confidence. It was because of this. 
A teacher for a day, a father for life. 
Keira had chosen her master well. 
Lewis lowered his eyes, and a smile spread across his lips. 
A warm atmosphere enveloped the courtyard as everyone watched Keira and the Sect Leader banter, with the Sect Leader eventually trying to kick her and Keira dodging skillfully, bringing the scene to a close. 
Lewis walked beside Keira, watching her smile lightly, and suddenly said, "Keira, you seem different in front of the Sect Leader." 
Keira was taken aback, "Different in what way?" 
Lewis smiled. "In front of him, you're more relaxed, like a child with your emotions clearly on display." 
Keira paused. 
It was then she realized that, indeed, she had always been most at ease in front of her master. 
Their meeting was filled with fun, and as they got to know each other better, her master gave her a hundred dollars a day, taught her martial arts, and over time, she realized he meant well. So, she gradually relaxed around him. 
A softness flickered in Keira's eyes. "To me, my master is indeed like a father." 
Lewis nodded and suddenly said, "I hope that one day, you can be just as relaxed around me." 
Keira was startled at these words. 
She suddenly turned to look at Lewis and saw the expectation and affection in his eyes. 
Keira knew herself well. She was cold on the outside and just as cold within. 
She had very few true friends, and despite having spent so much time with Lewis, she still couldn't relax around him like she could around her master. 
But Lewis had already been working hard to give her a sense of security. 
Keira said, "Sorry, I've been distant from people since childhood, and I'm still not used to..." 
"No worries. I'll wait for you to get comfortable. You met your master when you were fourteen, and it's been eight or nine years now. I can wait another eight or nine years, trusting that one day, you'll feel just as relaxed with me." 
A warmth filled Keira's heart, and she nodded. 
Just as they were about to talk more, James suddenly ran in, "Keera, there's trouble!" 
Keira was surprised, "What's the matter?" 
James immediately handed her his phone. "Look at this explosive news!" 
Keira looked and saw that someone had anonymously posted on the internet about her backing old Mr. Sims in the Special Division. 
The poster didn't name the Special Division, only saying that old Mr. Sims was a spy and that "Keera" was irrationally defending him... 
Now the whole internet was cursing "Keera"! 
Keira's jaw tensed. 
James then said, "The post refers to the daughter of the Olsen Group, and old Mr. Sims's name is replaced with a pseudonym, so we didn't catch it at first. By the time we noticed, the post had already gained traction! Although we are deleting posts, public opinion is out of control now!"
###Chapter 655
655 Chapter 654 
Keira saw the post and immediately frowned. 
The post didn't reveal her identity as the senior sister, nor did it explain what the Special Division did. After all, to outsiders, the Special Division was just a small company. 
The post only mentioned that old Mr. Sims was a spy and that "Keera" openly protected him, blatantly helping him fund Barry Brandt. 
Barry Brandt was once again dragged out for a round of public flogging. 
But Barry Brandt had already been scolded before and over the years, had grown accustomed to it. Now, everyone directed their attention to cursing Keira and old Mr. Sims! 
There were also conspiracy theorists speculating whether Keira's defense of old Mr. Sims indicated that she herself was a spy! 
Keira frowned at the post. 
She looked at James and asked, "What has Erin been up to today?" 
James answered, "She's been at our place all day, playing games with Charles after he got home." 
Keira frowned. "She's not behind this?" 
James was taken aback, "What would she do?" 
James, simple-minded and physically robust, knew nothing about the affairs of the South family. Keira had never told him, and he had no idea what was really going down. 
Keira cut straight to the chase, "Nothing much. Let's go home now." 
James immediately followed behind her, hesitated to speak, and upon seeing this, Keira asked, "What's wrong?" 
James coughed, then said, "Well, Keera, there's something I want to say, but I don't really know how to put it..." 
Keira immediately asked, "What is it?" 
"I know you and Holly are good friends. That's why you're helping old Mr. Sims. But no matter how many good deeds he's done before, the fact that he's a spy is true and inexcusable. Keera, I know you're kind-hearted—are they begging you for help?" 
Upon hearing this, Keira realized that James also disapproved of her actions. 
If she didn't know the truth, she probably wouldn't have felt sympathy for old Mr. Sims either. 
Being elderly is no excuse for evading punishment after committing wrongs. 
Keira pursed her lips, "No, I'm doing this willingly. I just feel that Holly's grandfather shouldn't be treated this way." 
James couldn't help but let out a sigh. "Little sister, I know you value loyalty and friendship, but sometimes you need to distinguish between good and bad people. Being loyal to good people is fine, but being loyal to bad people is abetting tyranny." 
Keira immediately asked, "Is it because people in the Freeman Sect are saying something?" 
James coughed, "There are indeed some comments, but you don't have to worry. Everyone says you're blind and fooled by old Mr. Sims... they just want me to persuade you to clear your head." 
After that, James hastily added, "Of course, if you want to go against Brian, we have no ions. After all, that Brian is too arrogant. He needs to learn about the might of the Freeman Sect so he won't cross us in the future!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
The group reached the parking lot while talking. 
Keira was in a hurry to return to the Olsen family, so she turned to Lewis. "I'll drive." 
Lewis said, "Are you sure?" 
"Yep." 
Keira took her seat behind the wheel and buckled her seatbelt. 
Lewis naturally seated himself in the passenger seat. 
Upon seeing Lewis take the passenger seat, James was puzzled and said, "Mr. Horton, my uncle urgently needs Keira to come home. Why are you letting her drive? With her driving at thirty miles per hour, when will we ever get home? I heard the Olsen Group shareholders have already surrounded the house." 
Hearing this, Lewis gave him a glance but said nothing. 
James went straight to the back seat, got in the car, and began to ramble, "Little sister, you should let Mr. Horton drive. Otherwise, if we arrive late, we'll surely be criticized. If we get there early, we can demonstrate our sincerity sooner." 
Keira glanced at him, then cleared her throat. 
Before James could say anything more, Keira started the car, "Are you ready?" 
James said, "...I am, but you're not really driving, right? I've seen you park before. You drive so slowly..." 
Hearing this, Lewis teased him, "Keera says driving slower is safer. After all, she's anemic!" 
James was taken aback. 
He grew even more anxious. "But Uncle is waiting. Isn't it bad to make them wait so long? With her driving speed, it would probably take two hours to get home..." 
Before he could finish, Keira said, "Buckle your seat belt." 
James said, "...I mean, with your speed, why do I need to buckle up in the back seat?" 
After a quick glance in the rearview mirror, Keira saw that he remained unmoved. She smiled and hit the accelerator!
###Chapter 656
656 Chapter 655 
There was a muffled hum, and James said, "Keera, aren't you stepping on the gas too hard? You think you're driving a sports car ... Oh my!" 
The car swooshed off in an instant, and at that moment, James felt himself being violently thrown back into the seat. The force seemed to flatten his face. 
He widened his eyes in disbelief as the black Bentley took off like a sports car, the scenery on both sides rapidly receding. 
The car charged straight toward a bend ahead. 
James said, "Keera, I won't say another word! You don't have to go for thrills because of what I said! Safety is the most important!" 
Almost as soon as these words fell, the car elegantly drifted on the spot, and with skillful one-handed steering, Keira smoothly took the turn without slowing down and headed straight for the exit. 
James was shaking so badly that he felt like throwing up last night's dinner. 
The car sped along the road, overtaking who knows how many cars along the way, and soon returned to the Olsen residence. 
The moment the car stopped, James violently pushed open the door and jumped out, starting to vomit. 
He looked down at his watch, barely able to see the hands as with his blurred vision, but managed to notice it had only taken fifteen minutes for his cousin to drive the car home. 
Who said she couldn't drive?! 
James now wished he could drag all the brothers who had seen Keira drive the car that night over, pry their eyes open, and let them see for themselves. 
While James was vomiting his guts out, Keira and Lewis were striding towards the living room. 
Instead of looking for Uncle Olsen in the living room, they first found Erin, who was wandering around the kitchen with a chicken wing in her mouth and craning her neck to look at the Olsen family's chef. 
The butler joked beside her, "Miss Martin, are you hungry again? We've just eaten." 
Erin sweetly replied, "No, I'm so full, but the food here is so delicious! Can I have a piece of that sausage?" 
The Olsen family's chef, blushing with praise, immediately picked up a sausage and passed it to her with a beaming smile. 
A touch of happiness instantly appeared on Erin's face. 
Seeing this, Keira and Lewis exchanged glances. 
They always felt that Erin's behavior was too innocent, capable of deceiving everyone in the Olsen family. 
Both of them felt somewhat helpless. 
While Erin was enjoying the sausage, she suddenly caught sight of Keira and immediately brightened up, waving at her. "You're back! Your chef is amazing! I really want to take him with me." 
The chef's face turned even redder. "Miss Martin, that won't do. The Olsen family has been very good to me; I can't go with you. If you want to eat, just come over more often!" 
Erin pondered for a moment and nodded, "Once I marry Charles, I can eat this every day!" 
The chef was satisfied. 
Charles, who was eating with her in the kitchen, felt his ears flush red in silence. 
Erin giggled, then finally approached Keira. "Let's go. You must have something you want to ask me, right?" 
Keira walked alongside her, and the two directly moved to a secluded spot. 
Keira took out her phone, opened the post, and handed it to Erin, "Did you do this?" 
Erin glanced at it and immediately raised an eyebrow, "Oh, it's trending! Let me see ... The Olsen family's daughter is empathizing with traitors? The family stock crashes!" 
Erin suddenly covered her mouth. "Keira, ever since you were acknowledged by the Olsen family, it's really been one disaster after another, you know. In my opinion, your father should just stop supporting you and support me instead!" 
Keira fell silent 
Just as she was about to say something, Erin said, "I wished it was my doing, but my methods are more graceful than this..." 
She looked at Keira and bluntly said, "I would have taken this evidence and secretly sent it to the Olsen family's shareholders. Once they know, they'll definitely demand that your father drive you out of the Olsen family so they can support me instead. The current approach clearly aims to ruin the Olsen family." 
Erin sighed. "I love Charles so much. How could I bear to ruin the Olsen family? Moreover, I still need the Olsen family's support. So, it wasn't me." 
Keira looked at Erin and suddenly realized something. "Is it posted by other heirs of the South family?" 
Erin immediately snapped her fingers. "Bingo! Just as I can plant someone in the Special Division, so can others. Keira, since Rabbit's identity has been exposed, it has gained their attention, and that's why they've used this method to take you down." 
Erin tilted her head. "You see, sometimes you have to be ruthless. What will you do now? The shareholders are all in the living room, cornering your father. If you don't clarify the situation today, Uncle will probably have a hard time explaining!" 
Keira immediately tensed her jaw. 
Erin then said, "Do you regret it now? Actually, if you just sever ties with old Mr. Sims and stop protecting him, you could get out of this! Keira, don't be too impulsive. I'm teaching you the first lesson about the South family! "
###Chapter 657
657 Chapter 656 
Erin had just taken another bite of the chicken wing. She blinked and looked at Keira. "The first lesson we learn in the South family is that if you want to compete with someone, at the very least, you must learn to be cold-blooded." 
Keira stared at her and, after a while, finally said, "Erin, I really don't know what you mean. If you want to compete with me, why are you saying all this?" 
Erin blinked. "I just want you to know why you lose so that you'll acknowledge your defeat. Then, you'll surrender to me." 
She looked at Keira. "I'm DINK, and I don't plan to have children in this life. Your sister gave birth to a child, for my sake. I can't exactly fight you to the death over this task, can I?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Erin tilted her head. "So, surrendering to me is our best option." 
Keira lowered her head. "I won't surrender to anyone." 
Erin nodded. "No problem. I have plenty of time to wait for you. But for now, you should think about how to get the Olsen family through this crisis!" 
After saying that, Erin cast a glance at Charles, greeted him, and said to Keira, "The media is all over this. If you don't do something, the Olsen family's stock will slide. I don't know if Uncle Olsen can withstand this pressure." 
Erin stuck out her tongue. "I'll wait for you to come ask me for help. I have a way to turn defeat into victory." 
After that, she hopped off to find Charles. The innocent-faced Charles even smiled at Keira and asked Erin, "Why have you been talking to my cousin so much lately?" 
Erin immediately blinked, "Because Keera likes me! And I like her too!" 
Charles immediately brightened up. "That's great. I don't know what's up with the people in my family. All the sisters-in-law seem to have an issue with Keera. If you can get along with her peacefully, that's the best." 
Erin's lips were shiny with grease, and she laughed at these words. "Don't worry, I'll definitely get along with her." 
Charles nodded. 
Keira and Lewis heard their conversation. Lewis glanced at Keira, who was also a bit speechless. 
Charles was so well protected, making him so naive! 
Keira twitched the corners of her mouth and entered the living room. 
She had thought the living room would certainly be in turmoil right now because the shareholders of the Olsen Group were about to make a big scene, but instead, as she entered, she found the atmosphere quite amicable. 
A group of people was sitting around the sofa, with Uncle Olsen seated high above at the head position. Upon seeing Keira, he even waved at her, introducing her to everyone, "This is my daughter." 
Since Keira came home, she had only met the Olsen family's relatives but not the Olsen Group's shareholders. 
Seeing this, Keira greeted everyone in turn. 
Ellis waved her over. "Sit here." 
Keira promptly walked over and sat down beside him. 
She then witnessed her own father's thunderous methods. He just sat there calmly, and those shareholders down below dared not say a word. 
Even though their mouths opened and closed, looking like they were about to speak at any moment, as soon as Uncle Olsen gave them a casual glance, those people immediately shut their mouths. 
In the end, it was Ellis who spoke up. "Keera, what's going on with this matter?" 
Keira simply said, "Holly Sims is my friend, so I can't stand by and watch her grandfather be wronged." 
One of the shareholders couldn't help but speak up, "But that man is a traitor to the country. How could you help him?!" 
Keira looked straight at the man and was about to say something when Uncle Olsen calmly said, "My daughter is just too loyal." 
Keira was perplexed. 
She was taken aback for a moment and saw the shareholders down below immediately shut their mouths like quails. Some were extremely anxious, but when they looked at Uncle Olsen, they didn't dare say a word. 
Keira couldn't help but chuckle. 
She knew before that Uncle Olsen was powerful, having heard that his control over the Olsen Group was very strong, but she hadn't thought it would be this overpowering. 
He just sat there calmly, and one glance was enough to suppress everyone. 
A few shareholders even echoed with some compliments. 
"Exactly, Miss Olsen is just too loyal." 
"But before we show loyalty next time, can we maybe make sure we see the person's true quality?" 
"Right, for such bad people, can we perhaps be a little less loyal?" 
"..." 
Keira thought, "I didn't expect them to be so mild." 
As she was about to say something, Uncle Olsen said, "Does my daughter need you guys to teach her how to handle affairs?" 
"Not at all, Sir, I didn't mean that..." 
"We wouldn't dare." 
Uncle Olsen calmly said, "Alright, you've all met my daughter. There's no need for presents. You can leave now." 
None of the shareholders dared to speak, but they didn't move an inch. 
Ellis laughed. "Guys, I'll definitely give you an explanation for this matter, ensuring that it won't affect the stock price of the Olsen Group." 
No sooner had he spoken than someone countered, "What will you guarantee with?" 
Before Ellis could reply, Uncle Olsen calmly said, "I'm not dead yet. Do we need him to write something down for that?" 
The words made everyone below fall into silence. 
Uncle Olsen said, "If the stock price doesn't stabilize in a week, I'll resign to take responsibility."
###Chapter 658
658 Chapter 657 
Uncle Olsen's words had a stunning impact. 
The shareholders immediately became restless, and they stood up one by one. 
"Sir, that's not what we meant." 
"That's right. Even if there's any fluctuation in the stock price, it's not your fault. You're the one who has led the Olsen Group to its current height. We wouldn't dare ask you to make such a promise." 
"..." 
Uncle Olsen waved his hand. "I've made up my mind. Someone has to take responsibility for this matter." 
After that, he scanned the crowd. "Why are you still here? Are you staying for dinner?" 
"We wouldn't dare." 
The group of shareholders stood up one after another. 
Keira saw the conflicted expressions on their faces. Some were hesitant to speak, some were panic-stricken and fearful, and some held grievances inside that they dared not voice out loud. 
After the crowd left, Keira finally looked at Uncle Olsen. "In a week, I'll give you an explanation." 
"You don't have to," Uncle Olsen said. "I've been wanting to retire for a long time anyway. This is a perfect opportunity for Ellis to take over the Olsen Group." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Uncle Olsen laughed, "Don't feel too much pressure. It's not your fault. Besides, they are a bunch of people who are too timid to say anything." 
Keira's mouth twitched. 
Ellis also laughed. "Don't worry. Although Uncle and I don't know why you want to help that person, we believe that you must have your reasons for doing so! Even if it goes wrong in the end, you still have your father and uncle to back you up!" 
Keira tightened her lips and then suddenly smiled. 
Although the Freeman Sect members had their complaints, with the master's affection for her, they held back their words. 
It was the same with the Olsen family. 
She had implicated the Olsen family, but to think that her father and older brother would say such things... 
While she was contemplating, suddenly, a hand landed on her shoulder, and she turned her head to see Lewis. 
She felt a sudden surge of emotion. 
Before she knew it, she had not only gained familial affection but also friendship and love. 
She lowered her eyes and said softly, "Thank you." 
However, Uncle Olsen suddenly glanced at Lewis and asked, "Aren't you going back to check on things?" 
Lewis asked, "Are you getting tired of me already?" 
Uncle Olsen sneered. "The Horton Group isn't like the Olsen Group. I've tamed those shareholders since years ago; I can handle them alone. Keira is your fiancée, and her identity has been exposed. The Horton Group is likely to be affected as well, and you've only left an assistant there. I'm afraid he won't be able to hold back your elder brother and his family, will he?" 
Lewis immediately tensed his jaw. 
Uncle Olsen went straight to the point. "In the Olsen family, I can create a perfect environment for Keira, but what about the Horton family? When are you planning to deal with the first branch of the family?" 
Lewis lowered his gaze. 
Uncle Olsen then chuckled. "I'm not going to let my daughter get married off to help you with your mess. It's best to deal with them before the wedding." 
Lewis nodded. 
Seeing this, Keira couldn't help but say, "Dad, the Horton family's situation is different ..." 
In the Olsen family, Uncle Olsen was very close to his two brothers, and Keira's brothers and cousins also got along harmoniously. 
The bond between them couldn't be severed. 
Lewis didn't have much affection for the Horton family's main branch and was estranged from his own father. However, there was still his grandmother... 
Old Mrs. Horton wouldn't live much longer, and no matter what, the members of the first branch were her grandchildren, and old Mrs. Horton couldn't ignore them. 
The only reason Lewis still tolerated the main house was because of his grandmother. 
Thinking of old Mrs. Horton, Keira looked toward Lewis. "Shouldn't you go back and see old Mrs. Horton?" 
Lewis nodded, "Yes, I'll go back and visit her tonight." 
"Good." 
Lewis said goodbye to Uncle Olsen and left. 
Once he was gone, Uncle Olsen looked at Keira. "You haven't married him yet, and you're already defending him." 
"I'm already married." 
Keira said, "We're husband and wife, legally speaking." 
Uncle Olsen didn't know what to say. 
He seemed somewhat frustrated. "I pushed him to take care of his family's mess because I wanted you to have a comfortable life." 
Keira lowered her gaze, "When I was still an illegitimate daughter, if I recall, you were ready to oppose me, and he never pushed me away. So now, I won't abandon him either." 
Uncle Olsen was dumbfounded. 
He coughed, then glanced at Ellis. With a smile, Ellis said, "I'm going to keep Mary company. You and Uncle can have a good talk." 
After Ellis left, only Uncle Olsen and Keira remained in the living room. 
Keira felt slightly uncomfortable as she rarely spent time alone with her father. 
As she was thinking about what to say, Uncle Olsen broke the silence. "I heard that your grandmother dated old Mr. Martin just to have his child, which is your mother?" 
Keira was stunned. "Yes." 
Uncle Olsen then turned his head, looking out the window. "Then tell me, did your mother go out with me for the same reason?" 
Keira suddenly hesitated; for the first time, she saw a look of uncertainty and doubt on Uncle Olsen's face. 
She pursed her lips. 
Uncle Olsen continued to gaze out the window. "Your mother lived a carefree life, leaving with no hesitation and not looking back; did she... ever love me?"
###Chapter 659
659 Chapter 658 
Keira frowned. 
To be honest, she didn't know. 
During the years she spent with Taylor Olsen's household, she often spied on her Jodie South with the longing eyes of someone desperate for a mother. Jodie always appeared gentle and serene, embodying the grace of bamboo. 
At first, Keira didn't understand why Jodie would be so kind to her, the illegitimate child of a mistress. But eventually, it all made sense. 
Jodie and Taylor's marriage was a contractual arrangement. 
Even though Taylor professed his love for Jodie and claimed he only cared about their children, Jodie still tolerated the presence of Poppy and Keira. 
Would any other woman allow a mistress and her illegitimate child to live right under her nose? 
So... 
Keira looked at Uncle Olsen and said with certainty, "She doesn't love Taylor." 
Uncle Olsen was taken aback. "I know. How could Jodie ever fall for someone like Taylor?" 
Keira bit her lip. 
Uncle Olsen continued, "Your mother never mentioned me to you?" 
Keira sighed, "Back then, I was just the mistress's daughter. Why would she tell me anything? Even after we reunited, we didn't spend much time together, and she never opened up about her past. But there's one thing..." 
Uncle Olsen looked at her eagerly. 
Keira began, "She always said she would rather die than see you again. What happened between you two to make her say that?" 
Uncle Olsen's expression darkened as if he wanted to say something, but he just sighed in the end. "At least she still feels something for me, even if it's hatred. She won't forget me, right?" 
Keira was silent. 
Why does his love seem so pitiful? 
She forced a smile, "I suppose so." 
Uncle Olsen took a deep breath, "Alright, go have some fun." 
As Keira turned to leave, Uncle Olsen suddenly called her back, "Keira." 
She turned around. 
Uncle Olsen looked at her intently, "She really never mentioned me? Not even once?" 
Keira didn't reply. 
Before Uncle Olsen appeared, Jodie had never spoken of anyone from Clance, nor did anyone know she had such deep ties there. 
Uncle Olsen seemed to understand, "Go on." 
Keira quietly left the living room, but before stepping outside, she glanced back to see Uncle Olsen with his head bowed, looking desolate. 
Seeing this, Keira paused and then walked back to him. 
Hearing her footsteps, Uncle Olsen looked up. 
Keira smiled, "If you want to know if she ever loved you, let's rescue her first. Then you can ask her yourself." 
Uncle Olsen was stunned. 
Keira continued, "Communication is key. I don't know what my mom's thinking, but once she's safe, you can ask her." 
Uncle Olsen stared at Keira and then suddenly smiled, "Alright." 
... 
When Keira left the living room again, Uncle Olsen was back to normal. 
As she was about to step outside, James ran over, "Sis, someone from the Davis family is here to see you." 
Keira was surprised, "The Davis family? Are you sure they're not here for Mary?" 
Jams scratched his head. "No, she's here for you. I confirmed it several times." 
Puzzled, Keira walked outside. 
At the gate stood a graceful figure. Despite being nearly fifty, she looked like she was in her thirties. 
It was Sarah, someone Keira had only met once. 
Sarah was Lewis's mother. 
Seeing her, Keira remembered what old Mrs. Horton had said about Sarah abandoning Lewis when he was just seven months old after discovering her husband had an illegitimate child. She had left without caring about her son's fate. 
She hadn't seen him since. 
The last time Keira visited the Davis family, Sarah didn't recognize Lewis. 
Keira felt a wave of empathy for Lewis and couldn't help but regard Sarah with a cold expression. But her upbringing made her approach politely, "Ms. Davis, what brings you here?" 
Sarah turned at the sound of Keira's voice, her eyes as calm as a lake, as if looking at a stranger. 
After a moment, Sarah spoke, "I have something I need you to give to Lewis." 
Keira was taken aback, "What is it?" 
Sarah handed her a document, "This." 
Keira opened the document, and upon reading its contents, her eyes widened in shock. She looked up at Sarah in disbelief.
###Chapter 660
660 Chapter 659 
Keira frowned. "What's this about?" 
Sarah lowered her gaze. "It's a share transfer agreement." 
Keira's frown deepened. She knew it was a share transfer agreement, but the crucial part was that it involved shares from both the Davis and Horton families! 
What was even more bizarre was that the Horton shares were being transferred to Lewis. The Davis family shares were being transferred to her—Keira! 
Keira looked at Sarah. "What are you playing at? Trying to make amends for the harm done to Lewis?" 
Sarah said, "It's not exactly making amends. It was my choice, after all." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
It was tragic when a woman's life was consumed by a child, but was it possible for a woman to feel no remorse at all for abandoning her own child? 
As she pondered this, Sarah continued, "When I divorced Lewis's father, the Horton family gave me some shares as compensation. I didn't want them at the time, but I took them for Lewis. Now, I'm returning them to him. I find the Horton family's shares disgusting; I don't want a single cent of it." 
Keira tightened her jaw. "And the Davis family's shares?" 
Sarah replied, "The Davis family shares were compensation for the waste of my time when I married into the Horton family. So, they're yours." 
"Why me?" Keira asked. 
Sarah's expression remained cold and detached, like a snow lotus in the mountains. "Because if I gave them to him, he wouldn't accept them." 
Keira remained silent. 
Sarah knew what she was doing. 
Keira glanced at the Horton Group's share transfer agreement and realized that the transferor wasn't Sarah. It seemed Sarah had someone else hold her shares for her back then; otherwise, Lewis wouldn't have been unaware of them for so many years. 
Previously, when Lewis was competing for control of the Horton Group, old Mrs. Horton had transferred her shares to him, giving him absolute control. 
Keira sighed and handed the documents back to Sarah. "He won't want them, and neither will I. Just as you said, you feel you don't owe him, and he feels he shouldn't take anything from you. Regardless, he's still your son." 
Sarah remained unmoved and didn't take the documents. "He's facing personnel changes at the Horton Group, and these shares could be crucial for him." 
Keira said, "Lewis already holds more than fifty percent of the shares and has absolute control." 
Sarah looked at her expressionlessly. "Are you sure about that?" 
Keira was taken aback. "What do you mean?" 
Sarah remained silent and simply said, "The Horton Group isn't as simple as you think. You'll understand soon enough." 
Leaving that statement, Sarah instructed, "Don't tell him these shares are from me. Just say they're from your father. It wouldn't be unusual for the Olsen family to have shares in the Horton Group through other means." 
Keira wanted to say more, but Sarah waved her hand dismissively. "Don't rush to refuse. Go to the Hortons and see how he's doing first." 
Keira was surprised. 
Sarah got into her car and left. 
Keira looked down at the share transfer agreements in her hands, furrowing her brow. After a moment, she returned to her room and set the documents aside. 
As long as she didn't sign them, the agreements would remain invalid. 
She then prepared to drive to the Horton residence. 
When she arrived at the parking lot, James greeted her. "Sis, you've been busy all day. Where are you headed now?" 
"To the Horton residence." 
"Lewis has just left, and you're missing him already? Sis, you shouldn't be so clingy…" James chattered, glancing at her. "And about old Mr. Sims—can't you back off a bit? Supporting him once was already quite loyal. For the rest, just ignore it." 
Keira narrowed her eyes. "Did someone provoke old Mr. Sims again? I told you to keep an eye on him." 
James coughed. "Just a few harsh words, nothing serious. Everyone at the Freeman Sect is following your lead, but… they're a bit uneasy. You're the senior sister, but when it comes to major issues, everyone has their principles. With what's going on in the Special Division, they're feeling nervous." 
Keira sighed. "Don't worry too much. Give it another week, and things will settle down." 
James didn't know what to say. 
Keira got into her car, thinking about the Special Division's affairs, and drove to the Horton residence. 
It had been a while since she last visited. Sarah's words made her anxious, unsure of what had happened there. 
She frowned as she arrived and saw the situation before her.
###Chapter 661
661 Chapter 660 
As Keira pulled up to the entrance of the Horton estate, she noticed the main gate was already open, and several cars were parked prominently in the driveway. 
When the guard saw her approaching, he looked a bit flustered, awkwardly asking, "Miss Olsen? What brings you here?" 
Keira found his reaction odd. "Why? Am I not allowed to be here?" 
"N-no, that's not it... I just..." The guard stammered. 
"Open the gate," she ordered. 
The last time Keira attended an event at the Horton estate, Lewis told the security staff not to stop her at the gate. The guard hurriedly complied, coughing nervously as he spoke again, "Uh, Miss Selena has returned home today." 
Selena Horton? 
Wasn't she the illegitimate daughter of the Horton family's main branch? Back then, Jake had developed a prejudice against illegitimate children because of Selena. When they were in Oceanion, Selena made just one move, pushing Madeleine into the spotlight, and it almost led to a divorce between Keira and Lewis. 
After that, Keira began living under the identity of her late sister, Keera… 
Lewis had been left a grieving widower. Then, word got around that Selena had married someone in Clance, but Keira hadn't kept up with the details. 
Wasn't Selena supposed to be with some distant relative of the Gills? That guy worked at the Nora Institute but ended up in jail after Keira exposed his illegal dealings with research drugs. 
Who did Selena marry after that? 
Keira hadn't paid much attention, but judging by the way the household was preparing for her visit, it seemed she married well. 
Still, that didn't explain the strange way the guard was looking at her. 
"Who else is here?" Keira asked, her curiosity piqued. 
"Um… there's also her good friend, Miss Eve Clark," the guard mumbled. 
Eve Clark? The name rang a bell. 
While Keira was pondering, a voice suddenly chimed in from the back seat, "You mean the philanthropist, Eve Clark?" 
Keira turned sharply to see Erin lounging in the back seat, munching on a bag of pistachios, her expression one of pure amusement. 
"What are you doing here?" Keira demanded. 
Erin just grinned. "You didn't want me running wild at the Olsen estate, so I figured you'd prefer me sticking close to you. That way, you can keep an eye on me, right?" 
Keira was baffled. "What?" 
Erin cracked another pistachio and turned to the guard, "So, this Eve Clark, does she have anything to do with Keira? Let me guess…" 
She didn't wait for an answer, launching right in, "Eve's this big-shot philanthropist, runs a bunch of charities across the country, and everyone loves her. But she's still single, and last time a reporter asked about it, she said she's only ever loved one person—the guy she met while studying abroad." 
"Crunch!" Erin spat out a shell and continued, "I did some digging, and guess what? That guy she was into? Pretty sure it was Lewis Horton. Heh." 
Erin shot Keira a knowing look. "You don't think Lewis tags along behind you just because he's got nothing better to do, do you? The man's got admirers, too, you know. So, how about it? Feeling any jealousy yet?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She almost rolled her eyes at Erin's antics. Instead, she turned back to the guard. "So, can I go in or not? Because if not, I'll just call Lewis to come get me." 
The guard immediately smiled apologetically, "Of course you can go in, Miss Olsen. I'll open the gate right away." 
He cleared his throat awkwardly as he opened the gate. 
Keira drove on into the estate, with Erin taking in the sights like a tourist. "Wow, check out that pond! It's got some beautiful koi fish in there. Keira, do you think koi tastes good?" 
Keira sighed. "They're for decoration." 
"But wouldn't they taste tender?" 
"..." 
"Ooh, and look over there! There's a date tree… and another one right next to it!" 
Keira shot her a glance. "You could just say there are two date trees." 
"Nope! I'm quoting a great Creran author! What's his name again? He was like the Creran version of Keats!" 
Keira could hardly contain herself. "You mean the Creran version of Tolstoy?" 
"Keats, Tolstoy, same difference." Erin looked genuinely confused. "Whatever, the point is, are the dates on those trees any good?" 
Keira heard the sound of pistachio shells being discarded and looked into the rearview mirror. To her surprise, Erin had brought a small paper bag to use as a trash bin—showing a surprising level of consideration. 
Keira couldn't help but raise an eyebrow. She then parked the car in the lot. 
As soon as the car came to a stop, Erin jumped out and began inspecting the surrounding vehicles. "That Maserati definitely isn't Eve Clark's. After all, people involved in charity are usually modest, and that car is way too flashy." 
Erin continued to casually survey the other cars and then shrugged. "The cars in this parking lot are all pretty expensive, so it's clear that Ms. Eve Clark must come from a distinguished background. Tsk tsk, Keira, looks like you're up against some serious competition this time!"
###Chapter 662
662 Chapter 661 
Keira shot Erin a look. "You seem rather gleeful about this." 
Erin pressed her lips together, trying to suppress a smile. "Gleeful? Not at all! We're practically cousins, after all. I'm just concerned for you!" 
Keira arched an eyebrow. Erin trotted alongside her toward the Horton family's living room. "Do you know why Eve Clark and Selena Horton are here today? It's probably because you helped old Mr. Sims, and now the Hortons are likely determined to avoid an alliance with you. So now, Eve is the new candidate for the alliance. For the Hortons, it's bound to leave a good impression." 
Erin continued munching on pistachios, her words flowing easily. "There's an old Creran saying: 'Misfortune never comes alone.' When you're down, it feels like the whole world is against you. 
"So, you see, you need to learn to pick and choose. Erin took another pistachio. "Do you regret helping Old Mr. Sims?" 
"Not at all," Keira said firmly. "For you, it's all about weighing benefits, but for me, I have just one principle." 
"What principle?" 
Erin blinked, her curiosity piqued, as she continued to snack. 
Keira looked at her steadily. "To act with a clear conscience." 
Erin paused, a hint of surprise crossing her face. Her pistachio-cracking slowed down as she took in Keira's words. 
After a moment, Erin scoffed. "That sounds easy to say but is so hard to do. How many people can honestly say they've never had any regrets? Haven't you ever felt guilt or sorrow?" 
Keira lowered her gaze. 
When she was younger, she felt guilty as the illegitimate child, feeling she owed Jodie South an apology. 
As she grew older, she realized it wasn't something within her control and gradually learned to forgive herself. 
Eventually, she felt she didn't owe anyone anything. 
Until she met Keera… She owed her sister her life. 
Keira turned her attention back to the present and changed the subject. "I don't recall you eating this much before. Now, every time I see you, you're snacking." 
Erin quickly popped another pistachio into her mouth. "We weren't as close before, so I didn't want to show the real me. But now that we're more familiar, why pretend?" 
Her voice took on a sweet tone. "Creran food is so amazing. I'm afraid that if I end up back at the South family, I won't get to eat this stuff anymore. So, I'm making the most of it while I can. At least if I end up stuck at the South estate, I can remember the delicious braised pork, chicken wings, crispy duck, and everything else I've tried." 
Erin listed off a long string of foods, her mouth watering. "Forget it. Talking about it just makes me hungry." 
Keira glanced at her. "Do you think you'll fail and end up imprisoned at the South estate?" 
Erin rolled her eyes. "What are you talking about? I'm Fox! How could a clever fox possibly fail? It's just… the successor has to stay at the South estate for good!" 
Keira was taken aback. So, in this struggle for succession, no matter who won or lost, the ultimate fate was still tied to the South family? 
It seemed that while the successor might have some freedom, the loser's only purpose would be to train the next generation to win. 
Keira tightened her jaw. 
Erin flashed a grin. "Actually, if you submit to me, I can promise to be a bit more lenient with you. I can arrange for you and your mother to stay at the South estate together. Doesn't that sound nice?" 
Keira shook her head. "Don't bother. I'll make my own decisions in life. Thank you." 
Erin shrugged. "Alright. Let's go. I want to see what your rival looks like! Erin's curiosity was evident as she jogged ahead toward the living room, craning her neck to catch a glimpse. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She followed, and as they arrived at the living room, she overheard Lewis's father shouting, "Have you seen how the Olsen family's stock has plummeted? Public favor is crucial for any business! You must break up with your fiancée immediately, or the Horton family will be ruined!" 
Then, Lewis's older brother spoke up. "Lewis, Dad's only looking out for you. Your fiancée is a disaster. I heard that since returning to the Olsen family, she's ruined two of her brother's marriages! If you marry her, the Horton family will face continuous turmoil." 
Selena's voice could also be heard. "Uncle Lewis, Ms. Eve Clark has deep feelings for you. Marrying her would greatly enhance our company's image." 
Keira's eyes narrowed at the conversation. 
Erin turned back with a smirk. "Your popularity at the Hortons isn't looking too good." 
Keira gave her an exasperated look. 
Erin winked and suddenly said, "How about I tell you a secret?" 
"What secret?" 
"You must have heard Grandpa talk about it, right? The South family has the ability to predict the future. Want to know how we do it?"
###Chapter 663
663 Chapter 662 
Keira sneered, "Are you really going to tell me the truth?" 
Erin popped another pistachio into her mouth and replied, "It's not a big deal. Most of us from the South family already know it. What difference does it make if I tell you?" 
Keira tensed her jaw. "What's the catch?" 
"The catch is that you publicly denounce old Mr. Sims and claim you were charmed by him." 
Erin said with a grin, tossing a pistachio shell aside. 
Keira fixed her gaze on Erin. "Did my sister really dedicate herself to you?" 
Erin looked surprised. "Yes, she did. What about it?" 
Keira scoffed. "Your actions suggest you owe my sister loyalty, not the other way around. With everyone misunderstanding me, isn't that exactly what you want? Why push me to make choices that benefit me?" 
She kept her gaze on Erin after saying that. 
However, Erin remained unflappable. 
She munched on another pistachio. "Do you really think I'm helping you?" 
"That's right. In every situation—Gary's suicide, Nara's going home, or the fire that almost killed Mary—the only person who died was that indecisive mama's boy. It always looked like my friends were getting hurt, and you were coming out on top. But in reality, the outcomes are different: Gary's mother tried to kill Nara, but Austin stepped in and resolved their sibling issues. Mary seemed doomed in the fire, but my older brother saved him, clearing up their misunderstandings." 
Keira stared at Erin. "Once could be a coincidence, just me being lucky. But what about the second, the third time? Like now, when everyone is turning against me—the Horton family and the five major families of Clance are all resisting me. Yet, you're pushing me to make the right choice, even tempting me with the South family's secrets. Are you really not helping me?" 
Erin blinked, her expression innocent. "Wow, you're making a lot of sense. But I am helping you!" 
Keira was taken aback. Erin continued, "Since you've already submitted to me, I have to help you. Helping you take down the five great families of Clance also helps me. You're in a strong position, but personal emotions are clouding your judgment. I'm just guiding you back on track and teaching you the first lesson of the South family." 
She chewed on a pistachio, her eyes fixed on Keira. "Sometimes, if you want to win, sacrifices are necessary. We can't let emotions dictate our decisions. In the South family, we learn from a young age to suppress our feelings and become rational beings. Do you know why?" 
Keira shook her head. 
Erin sneered. "Because the South family believes that only by viewing things unemotionally can they lead us to a prosperous future. If AI could reproduce, they'd even develop robots to lead us." 
Erin's demeanor became serious. "So, we're taught to suppress our emotions early on. Many people stay single or choose practical partners because they're emotionless. If we don't go through emotional desensitization, we face surgery." 
A shiver ran through Keira. "What kind of surgery?" 
"A surgery to remove the part of the brain responsible for emotions. Afterward, a person won't feel anything at all." 
Erin chuckled softly, then popped another pistachio into her mouth. "Without this training, you wouldn't pass even the basic tests, and in the final round, you'd be eliminated right away!" 
Keira frowned. "Do you really agree with the South family's methods?" 
Erin was silent. 
Keira pressed on. "Do you truly have no emotions? Your feelings for Charles—aren't they in love?" 
Erin gave a slight smile. "What do you think?" 
Keira's eyes narrowed. Something was off! 
Without missing a beat, Keira stepped closer to Erin and pressed her hand to Erin's head. "Let me see if you've had that brain surgery." 
Erin quickly stepped back, evading Keira's grasp. "I'm not showing you." 
But Keira grabbed Erin by the shoulder. Erin seemed weak compared to Vera, and Keira easily controlled her. She swiftly untied Erin's bun to check the back of her head.
###Chapter 664
664 Chapter 663 
"Hey, let go of me!" 
Erin was petite, almost childlike, standing half a head shorter than Keira. 
Being held by Keira like this, she had no choice but to shout in frustration, unable to break free. 
She struggled fiercely, refusing to let Keira touch her hair. "Don't touch me! Keira, what do you think you're doing? Let go of me right now. Did you hear me?" 
Annoyed, Keira smacked her on the butt, "Quiet!" 
Erin froze. Her entire body stiffened, her pupils contracting as she slowly turned to look at Keira in disbelief. "You—you just slapped my butt!" 
"I sure did! Do I need to pick a special day to do it?" Keira retorted, still holding her hair. "If you keep moving, I'll do it again!" 
Erin immediately went still, looking at her pitifully. 
Keira parted her hair and spotted a scar on the back of Erin's head. Though it wasn't large, it was noticeable—a fine line that had clearly been there for years. 
Keira hesitated, then let go of Erin. 
Erin's eyes filled with tears as she looked at Keira accusingly. "You actually hit me." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Seriously? Why did Erin remind her of Amy right now? She even looked a little cute like this. 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth and turned away. 
Erin continued to stare at her pitifully. "If you wanted to check, you could've just looked. Why'd you have to slap my butt? My mom never even did that!" 
Keira was speechless. 
Erin hiccupped, almost sobbing. "My dad never did either. I've never been hit, not once!" 
Keira rolled her eyes. 
"You dared to hit me..." 
Keira's ears felt like they were going to explode from the noise, so she cut in, "I'm sorry, okay?" 
"Okay." 
Erin responded crisply, then immediately went back to munching on pistachios. "Can we go in now? If we don't, we're gonna miss all the fun!" 
Keira rolled her eyes, feeling that Erin's emotions were on full display—not at all like Fox! 
She nodded and was about to head inside when she overheard Selena speaking, "Lewis, Ms. Clark has loved you deeply for years, waiting all this time without getting married. Your late wife has passed away, so why not just forget about marrying Keera, who looks just like her..." 
Selena continued with a smile, "Eve is such a good match. Marrying her would definitely boost the Horton family's reputation and stock value... 
"In all of Crera, there aren't many as renowned in charity work as Eve. She really is the perfect choice to marry." 
Erin popped another pistachio into her mouth, then leaned in close to Keira, whispering, "Do you think Lewis Horton will agree?" 
Keira rolled her eyes. "He won't." 
They'd been through so much together, even life-and-death situations—how could they not trust each other? 
Sure enough, as soon as Keira finished speaking, Lewis's firm voice echoed, "Selena, you're married now, so stop meddling in my family matters. Who I marry is none of your business." 
Selena immediately looked hurt. "Lewis, I'm just concerned about you..." 
Lewis snorted coldly. "You'd be better off worrying about your brother. He's getting older and still doesn't even have a fiancée. You're his sister, after all!" 
At that, the room fell into an awkward silence. 
Erin exclaimed, "Wow, Lewis Horton's got a sharp tongue!" 
Keira didn't say a word but took two steps forward. 
They entered the room. 
As soon as they entered, the people in the living room noticed them. Selena Horton was taken aback when she saw "Keera" as if she couldn't believe her eyes. 
But when Lewis's eyes brightened, Selena realized who that was and immediately said, "You must be Miss Olsen, right? You really do look incredibly like my late aunt. If I didn't know she was buried, I'd think you were her." 
Keira looked at her coldly. "So you're saying you're blind?" 
Selena was taken aback. 
She then gestured toward Eve Clark. "You haven't met her, right? Let me introduce you. She's currently the most active charity worker in Crera. The foundation she established has saved countless children and earned her a great reputation all over Crera..." 
Keira was about to speak when Erin suddenly piped up from behind her. "She's quite famous, but she's only second best." 
At that, everyone turned their attention to her. 
Erin stepped out from behind Keira, spat out a pistachio shell, and grinned. "When it comes to charity, there's actually someone else in Crera who's even more famous, though no one knows who they are. Ever heard of them?" 
The others looked puzzled. 
Erin continued, "I'm talking about N, the philanthropist. Seriously, none of you have heard of them? That's pretty sad. They've donated billions to charity organizations over the years, just without ever revealing their name!"
###Chapter 665
665 Chapter 664 
Erin glanced at Eve and said, " Some people know how to play the charity game, all for the sake of reputation!" 
Eve's expression stiffened upon hearing this. 
Selena immediately frowned, "People have speculated that N might be an elderly person who decided to donate their entire fortune to charity. Even if that's true, N has never made a public appearance. So, Eve is still the number one philanthropist, and I'm not wrong to say so!" 
Keira raised an eyebrow and looked at Erin. 
She wondered what Erin was planning to do. 
Erin immediately said, "Who said N is an old man? N is a young woman, okay? She just prefers to stay anonymous to avoid being labeled a 'philanthropist' and flaunting money that isn't even hers. It's all raised from public donations, so what's there to brag about?" 
Eve immediately frowned. "Miss, watch your tone. I personally lead donations every year that raise millions for charity!" 
"Oh, millions, how impressive." Erin sarcastically popped a pistachio into her mouth, the disdain in her tone unmistakable. 
This single expression was enough to infuriate Eve and Selena! 
The two of them glared at her furiously, "What do you mean by that?" 
Erin shrugged, "I don't mean anything. I'm just eating pistachios. What, is it some Hortons' rule that you can't eat pistachios around them?" 
Lewis stifled a laugh, "We don't have any such rule in our family." 
"So, it's just Ms. Clark being overly sensitive then?" 
Erin blinked innocently, "A true philanthropist should be able to endure both praise and criticism. You can't take the title but not handle any scrutiny, right?" 
Eve was left speechless. 
Erin's sharp tongue had completely shut down Eve and Selena. 
After saying her piece, Erin popped another pistachio into her mouth and turned to Keira. "So, how did I do? My verbal sparring skills are pretty sharp, right?" 
"Not bad," Keira said, lowering her gaze. "But why are you sticking up for me?" 
"I already told you, since you've sworn loyalty to me, you're my subordinate. Of course, I'm going to help you." 
Keira frowned, "I never agreed to that." 
"You will eventually." Erin patted her on the shoulder, "Your tongue might be sharp, but when it comes to critical moments, you need to leave it to me!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She just didn't want to waste her time arguing with fools. 
Just like now, even though Erin had verbally put them in their place, what would it change? 
Those people wouldn't change their demeanor. 
Sure enough, in the next moment, Selena turned to Keira and said, "Miss Olsen, do you have something against Ms. Clark? What did she ever do wrong? She's just secretly in love with Uncle Lewis. Besides, you already have a reputation that's affecting our family. How does it hurt you if my uncle goes on a date with Ms. Clark?" 
A date? 
Keira raised an eyebrow and looked at Lewis. 
Lewis frowned and scolded sharply, "What nonsense are you spouting?" 
Selena shrugged, "Uncle, why are you so nervous? As long as you're not married, it's perfectly acceptable to meet others. Surely, you're not afraid of Miss Olsen, right?" 
Any couple without a strong foundation might have been swayed by Selena's words. 
But both Lewis and Keira viewed Selena as nothing more than a clown. 
Keira even found it hard to watch. 
She was about to speak when Erin suddenly burst out laughing. 
Keira paused and looked at Erin. 
Erin stepped forward and said, "Miss Horton, right? You're not looking too good right now. This little trick of sowing discord isn't quite working out. Maybe you should practice more before trying it again!" 
Selena was momentarily speechless, but then she retorted angrily, "Miss, I don't care what your relationship is with Miss Olsen, but let me tell you this: Ms. Clark is superior to Miss Olsen in every way. If she were to marry my uncle, she would definitely bring a positive influence to the Horton family!" 
Erin continued, "Oh, so the Horton family's reputation depends entirely on the women, does it?" 
Once again, Selena was left speechless. 
Then Erin looked over at Eve and added with a mocking smile, "And you, do you really think you're invincible? Do you even know who Keera is?" 
Before Keira could react, Erin spoke again, "Open your eyes wide and listen up! Miss Keera is none other than N, the philanthropist! Stop praising Eve already. Compared to Miss Olsen, she's nothing!" 
Upon hearing this, everyone turned to look at "Keera". 
Erin quickly retreated to Keira's side and smiled, "Oops, I might've exaggerated a bit. Keira, how are you going to clean up the mess I just made?" 
Keira said, "…You're the one who's boasting. What's that got to do with me?" 
Erin grinned, "But I was speaking on your behalf. I've said so many nice things about you that they're definitely going to think we're a team! How are you going to fix this mess?"
###Chapter 666
666 Chapter 665 
Keira was at a loss for words. Was Erin actually standing up for her just to pull something like this? 
This woman was really something else... 
Keira couldn't help but twitch her lips as she noticed Erin casually munching on pistachios, her eyes wide and watching Keira. When Erin realized Keira was looking her way, she blinked at her innocently. 
It was as if she hadn't been the one stirring up trouble just a moment ago. 
Taking a deep breath to steady herself, Keira shifted her focus back to Selena and Eve. 
As expected, Eve frowned and gave Keira a scrutinizing look. "You're telling me *you're N, the philanthropist?" 
Keira was about to respond when Erin's cheerful voice cut in, "Yep, that's her, Miss Olsen!" 
Keira clenched her teeth in frustration. Selena scoffed. "Miss Olsen, Eve here is a legitimate philanthropist, and now you're claiming to be N? That's just ridiculous! N started their charity work five years ago. And you? If I recall correctly, you only got divorced this year." 
Eve added, "I've been to countless award ceremonies and charity events, but I don't ever recall seeing you at any of them, Miss Olsen." 
Selena sneered. "Of course, you haven't seen her. Some people just love to impersonate others and brag without thinking." 
Erin interjected with a smirk, "Who says we're bragging? You two just wait—you're about to get a reality check!" 
Keira was speechless. 
She shot Erin a sharp glare. "Do you ever know when to stop?" 
Erin immediately put on a hurt expression. "Cousin, I just didn't want to see you get treated unfairly!" 
Keira was taken aback. 
Selena quickly jumped on the opportunity. "So lying is your way of protecting her? And making up nonsense about being N? N would never support a spy! After what she's done, her reputation is in ruins, and the Olsen family is already paying the price for her actions! We can't let the Horton family get dragged down with them!" 
Lewis's older brother, Oliver, decided to weigh in. "Exactly! Lewis, Selena's just looking out for you. Marrying Eve would be nothing but beneficial for you!" 
Lewis let out a dry laugh. "No, thanks." 
Oliver, clearly frustrated, pushed further. "So you're really set on Miss Olsen? You're being so stubborn! Every time, you just go ahead and make these marriage decisions on your own…" 
Their father, Nathan, finally snapped. "You ungrateful son! Are you trying to kill me with a heart attack?" 
Lewis looked at him calmly. "Not exactly. But if you're that eager to die, I won't stop you." 
"You...!" 
Eve quickly stepped in, trying to defuse the situation. "Lewis, you shouldn't speak to your father like that. He's still your dad, after all. And Lewis, I've spoken with Selena. I know there are tensions between your side of the family and the main branch, but it's okay. I'll help smooth things over between everyone… We're all family, after all. Blood is thicker than water..." 
As soon as Eve said that, Lewis's expression grew darker, his patience clearly wearing thin. 
Keira couldn't hold back a derisive laugh. 
Eve immediately turned to her, eyes narrowing. "Miss Olsen, what's so funny? Am I wrong? They're all Hortons here. We share the same blood. I'm sure old Mrs. Horton would love to see the two branches getting along, wouldn't she? Do you think she'd want to see them at each other's throats?" 
Keira let out a cold laugh. "Some family members are true family, while others are worse than enemies. It's easy for you to preach when you're not the one dealing with it." 
Eve's eyes narrowed. "Miss Olsen, treating others kindly is the key to being treated kindly yourself. If you keep butting heads with everyone, all you'll get is criticism. Why not soften your approach? It would make it easier for everyone to get along, wouldn't it?" 
Before Keira could respond, Lewis interjected coldly, "Ms. Clark, my family's affairs are none of your concern. My wife and I don't need anyone telling us how to live our lives." 
After saying this, he turned to the butler. "Show her out!" 
The butler immediately stepped forward and stood beside Eve. 
Eve's expression changed, but she sighed deeply. "Lewis, I'm only thinking of what's best for you. As the saying goes, 'A good wife makes a prosperous home.' I think Miss Olsen has influenced you for the worse, making you selfish and impatient with both family and friends!" 
Selena chimed in, "Uncle Lewis, Eve is a philanthropist with a kind heart. She's far better than Miss Olsen in every way. How could you choose her instead?" 
Before Lewis could respond, Keira stepped forward and sneered. "Do you even know who I am?" 
Selena retorted, "Didn't you just say? You're claiming to be N, but do you really think we'll believe that? Unless you can prove it!" 
Keira's voice was icy as she replied, "Fine, I'll show you. Keep your eyes wide open and see for yourselves!"
###Chapter 667
667 Chapter 666 
Keira glanced at Erin, who had just spoken up. 
Erin nudged her forward, chin held high with pride. "Go on, show them what you've got! Don't let these people keep looking down on us." 
Keira blinked at her. 
Her appearance left Eve and Selena momentarily speechless. 
Both of them quickly turned to Keira, "Are you really N?" 
Keira was about to respond when Lewis suddenly cut in, "Whether she's N or not, as I said, this has nothing to do with Ms. Clark. Butler, it's time to see our guests out." 
The butler immediately moved to Eve's side. 
Eve stared at Lewis, her eyes brimming with tears as if she were heartbroken. She lifted her chin and asked, "Lewis, do you really feel nothing for me?" 
She stepped closer, her voice trembling, "We studied abroad together and came back to Crera together. Does everything we've shared mean less to you than what you have with Keira?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow at Lewis. 
Before she could say anything, Erin's challenging voice piped up from behind, "Mr. Horton, what's this about? You'd better give us an explanation! What's all this talk about time abroad? Did you cheat on my cousin?" 
Keira hesitated, about to speak. Lewis replied, "There's nothing between us. Sure, we were in the same class, but as for coming back to Crera together, there were over twenty of us who returned at the same time. Ms. Clark, I'm not sure what kind of bond you think we have." 
Erin caught on immediately, "Oh, so someone's been getting ahead of themselves." 
Lewis's expression darkened, "Alright, this has gone on long enough. Let's end it here." 
He was about to say more when Eve suddenly shouted, "Lewis, don't you regret this!" 
Then she shot a venomous look at Keira, leaving her baffled—she hadn't done anything to deserve that. 
Just as Keira was wondering what was going on, Eve turned to Selena. "Selena, I agree with what you suggested!" 
Selena's face immediately brightened, and she quickly exchanged a glance with Oliver. 
Oliver burst out laughing, standing up right away. "Good, good! If Lewis doesn't appreciate you, my family will!" 
Eve lifted her chin and looked at Keira. 
Keira was confused for a moment. 
She then glanced at Oliver. "So, should I call you my sister-in-law in the future?" 
Eve's face darkened. 
Oliver started coughing. 
Keira turned to Lewis. "Your sister-in-law hasn't divorced your brother, has she?" 
Lewis played along, "Nope. So, Oliver, are you planning on having a second wife?" 
Oliver was furious. 
His face turned an angry shade of blue. 
Nathan immediately stood up. "Nonsense, what are you babbling about? This is about matching her with your nephew, Jake!" 
Keira was speechless. 
She twitched the corner of her mouth and looked at Eve. "So, Ms. Clark, you're going to be my nephew's wife? What should you call me then?" 
Eve couldn't believe it. 
She clenched her fists. 
Lewis spoke up, "Ms. Clark was always the best at etiquette; surely, she wouldn't forget her manners, right?" 
Eve was at a loss. "Uncle Lewis, Aunt Keera." 
"Good." 
Keira responded, thinking how ridiculous this all was—Eve had come here with all that attitude to end up as her nephew's wife. 
As Keira pondered, Erin brushed past her toward Eve. "On behalf of my cousin, I'd like to give you a welcome gift, dear nephew's wife! If you'd admitted earlier that you liked Jake, we wouldn't have been blindsided like this." 
She rummaged in her pocket, pulled out a few pistachio shells, and placed them in Eve's hand. "Sorry, I was in such a hurry when I left home that this is all I brought today." 
Eve stared at the shells in disbelief. 
The others exchanged looks, equally baffled. 
After giving the "gift", Erin shot a mischievous grin at Keira. 
Keira was speechless. 
She didn't know whether Erin was helping or causing trouble. 
Erin's behavior was indeed unpredictable. 
As Keira observed Erin, Eve took a deep breath. Selena immediately said, "Dad, since Jake is marrying a prominent figure like Eve, shouldn't we consider asking Great-Grandma to allocate some shares to Jake?" 
Lewis's eyes darkened at the suggestion. 
So, they were after the shares again. 
Keira frowned. 
Lewis immediately said, "I'm going to check on Grandma." 
Keira quickly followed him. 
Seeing this, Erin followed right behind them. 
Keira frowned, "What are you doing?" 
"Sticking with you so I don't accidentally cause trouble!" 
"..." 
Keira sighed and turned to Lewis. "Is Grandma okay? Nothing's happened, right?" 
Lewis lowered his gaze. "Grandma's mind is clear now, but… given her age, the doctor said she doesn't have much time left."
###Chapter 668
668 Chapter 667 
Time was running out... 
A heavy feeling settled in Keira's chest. 
She had a close bond with old Mrs. Horton. Back in Oceanion, old Mrs. Horton had relied on Keira during her stay. She always took Keira's side and defended her. 
It was old Mrs. Horton who had convinced Lewis to believe in their marriage... 
After that, no matter what Keira did, old Mrs. Horton was always incredibly supportive. 
Yes... 
Her time was indeed running out; back in Oceanion, she only had two months left to live. It was only after taking Keira's medication that her condition stabilized. 
But after all, she was eighty-seven years old, and her health was failing... 
Keira's heart grew heavier. "Since that's the case, you should've been with her instead of me. You should stay with Grandma." 
Lewis lowered his gaze. "Grandma insisted I stay with you." 
He had returned to the Horton residence several times, but each time, old Mrs. Horton would send him back, telling him to stay with Keira because she was worried she would lose Keira again... 
Lewis felt a suffocating pain thinking about what the doctor had said. 
Old Mrs. Horton had told the doctor she feared that after her passing, Lewis would be left without any close family, so it was essential to take good care of Keira. 
Keira was going to be his only family. 
Now, when Lewis thought about this, his chest tightened. 
Even when Grandma couldn't remember anything else, she still remembered his wife... 
And now that she could recall past events, it was still him she worried about... 
He quickened his pace. 
Keira immediately walked beside him, saying, "You should've told me sooner. In that case, we'll stay at the Horton residence for now." 
Lewis looked at her. 
Keira continued, "I'll handle my things, and you focus on your work. But we should both return here every evening to be with Grandma and stop going to the Olsen residence." 
Lewis's voice caught, and he chuckled. "Thank you, Keira." 
She patted his hand. "She's my grandma, too." 
"Yeah." 
They exchanged a smile and walked into old Mrs. Horton's courtyard. 
Erin followed them, and seeing their clasped hands, she glanced down at her own. After a brief, unfocused stare, she scoffed and continued following them. 
They entered the courtyard and saw Fiona accompanying old Mrs. Horton on a walk. 
Their backs were turned, so they didn't see who was approaching. 
Mrs. Horton was making arrangements for after she passed. "Fiona, don't worry. After I'm gone, Lewis will surely take care of you." 
Fiona immediately protested, "Don't say that, Mrs. Horton! Even if Mr. Horton is willing to look after me, the first branch of the family will bully me! I need you to stay and watch over me!" 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled. "I'm eighty-seven; if I live any longer, I'll turn into an old witch. Fiona, rest assured, you'll live here after I'm gone. As for the first branch... they won't be a problem for long." 
Fiona looked puzzled. "Mrs. Horton, what do you mean?" 
"You think Lewis can't handle them? He's been holding back, pretending to be evenly matched, just to make me too worried to die. But you see, I've discovered something about Lewis." 
"What is it?" Fiona asked. 
"Lewis is smart. In his struggles with the first branch, he's always shown mercy. He's doing it for me. After all, they're my children and grandchildren... He doesn't want to make me sad. So, when I close my eyes, that's when he'll deal with them." 
Fiona's eyes filled with tears. "Mrs. Horton, then you must live longer so that even if Mr. Horton is just pretending, it can protect the first branch for a while longer." 
Mrs. Horton waved her hand. "Fiona, the Horton family owes Lewis. His mother neglected him, and his father neglected him, too. He was just a child when they threw him into the old house to fend for himself. Later, he left to study abroad... It's us, the Hortons, who owe him! I can't be so selfish, letting him live repressed for the sake of an old woman. So, when it's time for me to go, I'll go." 
Fiona cried out, "Mrs. Horton, please don't say that!" 
"Why are you crying?" sighed old Mrs. Horton. "When Keira disappeared, I was genuinely scared. I felt like I had to live a few more years, fearing that once I was gone, Lewis would follow right after. But it's much better now. He has someone in this world that he can't bear to leave." 
Fiona sobbed, "Mrs. Horton..." 
"Don't worry, I still have a month left! But I'm truly tired and conflicted. I've been hesitating... unsure whether I should go. Fiona, they say a son is born to settle scores with his mother. Nathan, that scoundrel, was such a pain to Lewis, but to me... he was indeed filial..." She sighed. 
A tear slid down old Mrs. Horton's cheek. "So, as his grandmother, I'm holding Lewis back..." 
Upon hearing this, Keira immediately turned to look at Lewis. 
There she saw the usually composed man now with tears streaming down his face. 
Keira understood old Mrs. Horton's dilemma. 
After all, it was her own son and grandson... 
If Lewis could make up his mind…..
###Chapter 669 Chapter 668
669 Chapter 668 
Keira was deep in thought when the sharp crack of someone cracking pistachio shells broke the silence. 
Mrs. Horton and Fiona heard the sound behind them and immediately turned around. When they saw Lewis standing there, old Mrs. Horton quickly wiped the tears from her eyes and forced a bright smile. "You rascal, you finally brought your wife back home!" 
Lewis clenched his fists, then took a step forward and spoke firmly, "Grandma, don't worry. I won't do anything to the main family. The Horton family… I'll just let them have it." 
The moment those words left his mouth, old Mrs. Horton's expression darkened. "What nonsense are you talking about?!" 
She continued, "This estate was built with every penny I earned. I founded the Horton Group from the ground up. If you give it up to those people, the company will go downhill fast. You're the only one I trust with it!" 
Lewis paused, taken aback. 
Old Mrs. Horton patted his hand. "Forget what I just said. I was just rambling. I'm getting old, and my heart's gotten softer. If I were younger, I would've kicked those people out long ago and saved you from this mess… Just promise me, don't hold it against me." 
"How could I ever?" Lewis gently held her arm. "You're the closest person to me." 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled and glanced at Keira before playfully taking Keira's hand and placing it in Lewis's. "No, sweetheart. She's the one who's going to be the closest to you from now on." 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a look then shared a small smile. 
Erin, who had been circling them, suddenly said, "Oh, look at you all. Such a picture of harmony… but it's only on the surface." 
She then turned her gaze to old Mrs. Horton. "Ma'am, if you don't make the hard decisions now, it'll come back to bite you. A family's success depends on cutting off the branches that hinder its growth. By being too soft, you're just leaving Lewis with a mess to clean up." 
Everyone was momentarily stunned. 
Old Mrs. Horton's face stiffened. 
Lewis immediately snapped, "Erin, shut up!" 
Despite his scolding, Erin seemed ready to retort, but before she could say anything, Keira's voice cut through the tension, "Be quiet." 
Keira's tone was lower and calmer than Lewis's, yet for some reason, it intimidated Erin enough to make her reluctantly close her mouth. 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed, "I've been so foolish…" 
Lewis quickly offered, "Let me help you inside, Grandma." 
She nodded, and as Lewis guided her into the room, Keira turned to Erin, narrowing her eyes. "You talk too much." 
Erin shrugged, "I'm just looking out for you. With Lewis in control of the Hortons, he'd be your biggest ally. After all, you're set on this man, aren't you?" 
She spat out the pistachio shell she'd been chewing on and continued, "You should know, to win this battle for the inheritance, you need to preserve and unite all the forces you can. The Horton Group is thriving, rivaling the five major families, and if you had control of it, that would mean another powerful family backing you. It would make the next steps even easier…" 
Here's the translation adapted to fit the style of American light fiction: 
Keira lowered her eyes. "Do you really think Lewis and I aren't aware of all this?" 
Erin scoffed. "I'm just worried that Lewis might get all sentimental and promise old Mrs. Horton that he won't kick the main family out after she's gone, leaving Horton Group in the same messy state." 
Keira gave her a cold stare. "And you think Lewis got to where he is today by being indecisive?" 
Just like that time with that woman, Madeleine. 
He thought she was his savior, but the moment he learned the truth, he cut her out of his life without hesitation. 
Lewis has always been a man of ruthless decisions! 
Erin blinked, caught off guard. "What are you saying?" 
Keira didn't mince words. "Old Mrs. Horton is clinging to life because she's worried about what will happen with the main branch after she's gone. But if she knew that the outcome would be the same no matter how long she lives, what do you think she'd do?" 
Erin quickly caught on. "So, Lewis never intended to spare the main branch. He's just using them to keep old Mrs. Horton holding on?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Took you long enough to figure that out." 
Erin pouted. "I just don't get it. She's clearly not going to make it, so why drag it out?" 
Keira's jaw tightened. "Because… that's what family is." 
Erin was puzzled. "What?" 
Keira explained, "Family is like that. You wish for them to live a long life, and you cherish every extra day you get with them." 
Erin lowered her head, falling silent. 
Keira then warned her, "If you want to stick with me, that's fine. But from now on, think before you speak. Understand?" 
Erin sulked. "Got it…" 
… 
That night, Keira and Lewis stayed at the Horton residence in the room next to old Mrs. Horton's. 
Lewis had a bedroom prepared for himself there. 
Erin stayed in the guest room next to theirs. 
The next morning, Nathan arrived with Oliver and Jake in tow. Without wasting time, Nathan addressed old Mrs. Horton directly, "Mom, Jake is getting married again. After what happened last time, we want to make sure this one goes smoothly. We were hoping you could help us make his wedding a bit more grand." 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at him and asked bluntly, "Getting married again? Who is it this time? Someone like that Isla again?" 
"No, no," said Oliver. "This time, it's someone from a well-known family in Clance. Selena helped set it up. We met her yesterday—her name's Eve Clark. She's a famous socialite and also runs a charity organization." 
Old Mrs. Horton frowned. "And Jake agreed to this?" 
Everyone turned to look at Jake. 
Keira, who had been having breakfast with old Mrs. Horton, also looked at him. 
And when she did, she was slightly taken aback. 
Jake was different now… 
He seemed lifeless, completely disconnected from everything around him. It was as if nothing in the world concerned him anymore. 
Even when old Mrs. Horton mentioned him, he only glanced up briefly before lowering his head again, retreating into his own world. 
Oliver nudged him. "He agreed. Jake is very pleased with Eve." 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
"Pleased" didn't seem to fit what she was seeing… 
She arched an eyebrow as a thought began to form. 
Nathan said, "Mom, you might not know this, but Miss Olsen's reputation has taken a hit. The companies associated with her are facing backlash from investors, and the Olsen Group's stock dropped ten percent today. We're even getting bad reviews under Horton Group's accounts, with people demanding that Lewis break off the engagement." 
Old Mrs. Horton responded immediately, "That's not an option. No matter what Keera's done, we won't kick her while she's down." 
Nathan hesitated, then coughed lightly. "You're right, of course. So, we thought of a solution—Jake should marry Eve. In Clance, there's a saying that Eve's reputation is golden. Whoever marries her will earn a good name in the elite circles of the city." 
Oliver jumped in, "Exactly, Grandma. So, we need to offer a substantial dowry to show our sincerity. Do you think we could give five percent of Horton Group's shares to Eve as a wedding gift?" 
Five percent… 
Old Mrs. Horton had already given a portion of her shares to Lewis. 
If they got five percent… it would significantly strengthen their influence! 
Giving them those shares would only cause more trouble for Lewis! 
Keira's lips curled into a cold smile. 
###Chapter 670
670 Chapter 669 
Old Mrs. Horton, still sharp as ever, didn't hesitate to say, "No." 
The room fell silent as everyone turned to look at her in surprise. 
Nathan couldn't help but speak up. "Mom, didn't you say you'd give Jake shares when he got married? Why are you going back on your word now?" 
Old Mrs. Horton replied firmly, "The shares I hold are mine to give as I see fit. I may be getting older, but I still have the right to make my own decisions." 
Nathan frowned. "Mom, you can't be so biased. Lewis already controls nearly half the company! We're family too, you know." 
Old Mrs. Horton snorted, "The Horton family is my legacy, and as I said, I'll give my shares to whomever I choose." 
Nathan wanted to argue, but Oliver cut him off by bursting into tears. "Grandma, I know you've never liked me because of my mom, but she's gone now. How can you still hold that against me? No matter what, I'm your oldest grandson. Are you really going to treat me like this? Do you want me dead?" 
He began wiping his tears. "You have no idea, Grandma. Ever since the Horton Group moved to Clance, everyone has looked down on me because the company is under Lewis' control. I'm supposed to be the eldest brother, but my opinions don't matter! I don't want to cause trouble for Lewis, but as the matriarch, you shouldn't be so partial!" 
He continued, "And don't forget, Grandma, when you collapsed that time, I was the first one to find you and rush you to the hospital. You had a heart attack, and the doctors said if you hadn't been treated in time, you wouldn't have made it. Grandma, does our bond mean nothing?" 
Old Mrs. Horton hesitated, looking at Oliver. 
He wasn't wrong… 
Oliver had been brought back into the family at fourteen, having grown up elsewhere. Once he joined the Hortons, he was always walking on eggshells, trying to win everyone's favor. 
He had always gone out of his way to please her as his grandmother. 
After all, he was her grandson and still a child. Old Mrs. Horton's heart had softened for him at the time, and she treated him well until the day she saw Lewis in the ICU, his body covered in tubes. That's when her feelings for Oliver had cooled. 
Since then, she had distanced herself from him. But she hadn't expected Oliver to be the one to rush her to the hospital when she fell ill! 
While old Mrs. Horton was lost in thought, Lewis descended the stairs, overhearing the conversation. He immediately turned to her with concern. "Grandma, you had a heart attack? Why didn't I know? Why didn't anyone tell me?" 
Old Mrs. Horton patted his hand reassuringly. "You were studying abroad at the time, and I didn't want to worry you. Besides, I'm fine now." 
But a flicker of fear crossed Lewis' eyes. 
If he had lost her back then, he didn't know how he would've handled it… 
As Lewis pondered this, Oliver spoke up again. "Grandma, I'm your grandson, and my son is your great-grandson—the first great-grandchild of the Horton family. Can you really bear to give us nothing? Even just one percent of the shares would mean so much to us, and we wouldn't ask for anything more!" 
After the Horton Group moved to Clance, Lewis had diluted five percent of the shares to boost the company's stock. 
This caused the shares Lewis originally controlled, which made up over half of the company, to no longer be sufficient. 
What's more, the distribution of Horton Group's shares had always been a bit unusual. Lewis knew who the major shareholders were, but aside from the scattered retail investors, there was still one shareholder holding ten percent of the company's stock whose identity remained unknown. 
Now, with Lewis' control just shy of a majority, even one percent of the shares was critical. 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at Oliver and sighed. 
Sensing her hesitation, Oliver stepped forward and knelt before her. "Grandma, please, have mercy on your grandson. Remember, I saved your life…" 
Old Mrs. Horton's expression tightened. 
Keira knew old Mrs. Horton was in a difficult position. 
There was no denying that she had always been biased when it came to her family. 
Nathan and Oliver had always been respectful toward her, yet she couldn't help but feel sorry for Lewis, who had lost his mother at such a young age… 
Old Mrs. Horton took a deep breath, unsure of what to say. 
Lewis, too, looked at Oliver with a furrowed brow. 
After all, Oliver had saved his grandmother's life, and Jake's new wife came from a prestigious family—refusing to give them any shares did seem unreasonable… 
Just as the atmosphere grew tense, Keira suddenly stood up. 
She smiled and turned to Jake. "I heard your ex-wife is still in a psychiatric hospital?" 
Jake hesitated, then nodded. 
To punish Isla, Uncle Olsen had sent her straight to the asylum, and she was still alive. 
Keira looked at him intently. "So, you're not even divorced yet, and you're already discussing a new marriage?" 
The room fell silent, everyone processing her words.
###Chapter 671
671 Chapter 670 
Jake stared blankly at "Keera". 
Confusion clouded his gaze as he focused on the corner of her eye. 
Keira had a small beauty mark near her eye—something Keera didn't have. It was the most obvious difference between them. Yet just moments ago, the sarcastic comment "Keera" made felt eerily familiar. 
It took him back to college when he'd gone on and on about preparing for a certification exam. Keira had quietly turned to him, her expression calm as she said, "Did you even pass level one? And here you are talking about taking level two?" 
… 
The tone, the expression, even the cold look in her eyes—it was identical. 
Jake was stunned, just staring at her. 
"Keera" walked slowly toward him. "Jake, they're discussing your marriage, and what are you thinking about?" 
Jake looked at her in shock. He wanted to say something, but the words got stuck in his throat, leaving him clenching his fists in frustration. 
"Keera's" eyes locked on his. "Do you even know what you want? What kind of wife do you want?" 
Jake's mind flashed back to college again when he was torn between two conflicting club activities. Keira had asked him the same question back then: "Do you know what you really want?" 
He was completely lost now, unable to distinguish whether the person in front of him was real or a figment of his imagination. Was this reality or just a dream? 
He had loved Keira Olsen more than anyone and had pursued her relentlessly throughout all four years of college. But when he later learned from Isla that Keira was an illegitimate child, he suddenly cut ties with her. 
He'd been conflicted and hesitant. But every time he thought of how Selena had driven his mother into a frenzy and how much his family despised illegitimate children, he couldn't stand to even look at Keira. 
In a fit of spite, he'd proposed to Isla. 
And then? 
One wrong step led to a cascade of mistakes… 
It turned out Isla was the illegitimate child, and the Keira he had looked down on was the true Olsen family heiress. 
Eventually, he realized that a person's status didn't define them. He shouldn't have judged Keira's life by her origins. 
But he understood too late. Not only had Keira moved on with his uncle, but she had also died. 
When her body was pulled from the icy sea, Jake felt like his own heart had sunk into that cold, unforgiving water. 
His spirit was shattered. 
In the time since Keira's death, Jake had become a puppet, going along with everything his father arranged without a thought of his own. He'd become numb, nearly disconnected from the world around him. 
If obeying his father's wishes could bring his mother some comfort, what difference did it make who he married? 
With this in mind, Jake looked at Keira and muttered, "It doesn't matter who I marry. They're all the same." 
If it wasn't Keira, then it didn't matter who it was. Anyone else would be the same to him. 
Jake's thoughts spiraled into despair as he forced a bitter smile. 
He lowered his eyes. 
Keira frowned. "Jake, are you sure about that?" 
Before Jake could respond, Oliver cut in, "Miss Olsen, what are you implying? My son divorcing Isla is just a matter of time. I've already sent someone with the papers to Oceanion to deal with her. Who he marries next is none of your concern! You'd better keep your opinions to yourself and stop meddling!" 
Nathan added, "That's right, Keera. Allowing Lewis not to call off the engagement was the biggest favor we could extend to you. Don't push your luck and think you can stick your nose where it doesn't belong." 
Nathan scoffed. "You think everyone's like Lewis—defiant and impossible to manage? He's nothing but a disobedient child! Jake, on the other hand, is a good boy who does what the family tells him." 
Oliver continued, "Jake is my son, and I'll decide who he marries. Isn't that right, Jake?" 
All eyes turned to Jake. 
He stared wide-eyed, struggling to find the words. Eventually, he just gave a helpless smile and nodded, ready to go along with whatever Oliver said. But before he could speak, "Keera" suddenly interrupted. 
"Jake Horton, remember this—you're not just someone's son or grandson. You're your own person. Don't ever forget that being yourself is what you really want!" 
Jake's head shot up, and he stared at Keira in disbelief. 
Those words… 
They were exactly what Keira had told him back in college! 
So… was she Keira Olsen?
###Chapter 672
672 Chapter 671 
It was Keira Olsen! 
Jake's pupils shrank in shock. 
He couldn't believe what he was seeing. For a brief moment, it felt like the light in his life had returned! 
He swallowed hard, his eyes locked onto Keira's, focusing on a faint spot near the corner of her eye. 
There, under a subtle layer of concealer, was the unmistakable shadow of a small black beauty mark. 
Jake's eyes welled up instantly. 
He opened his mouth, wanting to say something, but no words came out. He could only stand there, staring blankly at Keira, lost in a daze. 
She's alive… 
She's really alive! 
Thank God! 
Even if she was now his aunt, as long as she was still breathing, as long as she could find happiness, that was all that mattered. 
Tears blurred Jake's vision, and he quickly wiped them away. Keira's face came back into focus, clear as day. 
Was this really not a dream? 
In a panic, Jake pinched his arm. It was real! 
He looked at Keira with joy, wanting to call out her name, but then it hit him—after everything he'd put her through, what right did he have? 
He stayed silent, but Keira's eyes bore into him. "What's the matter? Do you really want to marry Eve Clark?" 
Oliver quickly stepped forward, trying to take control. "Miss Olsen, I've already made it clear—my son listens to me! You'd better watch what you say, or don't blame me if I get tough!" 
Nathan napped, "What's your angle? You don't want Jake to marry Eve? Are you angling for Lewis to marry her instead? I see what's going on—you're afraid that if Jake marries Eve, he'll outshine Lewis, huh?" 
Then he turned to look at old Mrs. Horton and Lewis. "Look at this—she's not even part of this family yet, and she's already meddling in our affairs! Eve's a great girl. Why wouldn't Jake want to marry her? He's eager to get that ring on her finger!" 
But just as he finished his sentence, a low, choked voice suddenly cut through the air. "That's right." 
Everyone froze, turning to look at Jake. 
His eyes were misty, his nose red, his whole body trembling with emotion. Like a child, he wiped away his tears and then looked straight at Keira. 
Nathan let out a cold laugh. "You heard him, right? Jake agrees with me!" 
Oliver chimed in, "Of course, my son listens to us. Eve's got a big name in Clance; every family wants her! We're lucky she's willing to marry Jake and doesn't care that he's been married before." 
Oliver smiled, satisfied. "Jake, once you marry Eve, make sure you treat her well and listen to what she says! Don't be like your uncle, always clashing with the family!" 
Jake stood there in a daze. 
Slowly, he spoke, enunciating each word. "I said, Keera's right." 
He pointed at Keira. 
The smiles vanished from Nathan and Oliver's faces as they stared at Jake in disbelief. 
Oliver's expression darkened with rage. "What did you just say? You ungrateful brat! Say that again!" 
In the past, Jake would've cowered in fear at that look on his father's face. Every time his dad got that angry, he'd run off to be with that other woman, leaving Jake and his mother behind. 
But this time, Jake turned to Keira. 
Her words echoed in his mind… 
"What do you really want?" 
What did he want? 
The Keira Olsen he wanted was gone, out of reach. But beyond her, what did he have left? 
He wanted a father who stayed home, who treated his mother with respect, who didn't have a mistress or a secret daughter… 
But all of that seemed like a cruel joke. 
It wasn't coming back. 
So, what did he want now? 
Jake looked between Keira, Nathan, and Oliver. 
Seeing the anger on the two men's faces, something suddenly clicked. 
Jake met their eyes and spoke with determination. "I said, I don't want to marry Eve Clark! I'm not some puppet on strings—I'm my own person!" 
The room went dead silent. 
Oliver erupted in fury. "Looks like you're itching for a beating! This is final—there's no way around it!" 
But Jake didn't back down, his voice firm and resolute. "Dad, I already told you—I don't agree! I'm an adult now. You can't control my life anymore!" 
Oliver was speechless. 
He swung a hand to slap Jake, but his usually obedient son caught his wrist in mid-air. 
At that moment, Oliver realized with shock that Jake's grip was stronger than his own! 
He stood there, stunned. 
Nathan turned his fury on Keira, shouting, "What have you done to Jake? You troublemaker!" 
With that, he grabbed his cane and swung it at Keira.
###Chapter 673
673 Chapter 672 
Keira remained still while Lewis stepped forward and grabbed Nathan's cane. 
Nathan staggered back a few steps before regaining his balance. 
Old Mrs. Horton's voice trembled with anger as she shouted, "Ungrateful brat, what do you think you're doing? I dare anyone to lay a hand on my granddaughter-in-law!" 
Nathan snapped back furiously, "Mom! Just look at what this woman has done to our family! Everything's falling apart, and now the sons dare to stand up to their fathers!" 
He pointed at Lewis. "This troublemaker didn't used to be so brazen. Are you really planning on hitting me now?" 
Then he turned his finger towards Jake. "And look at him! He was always so obedient, but now even he's turning against his father! This woman is nothing but a curse!" 
Lewis's voice was cold as ice. "This has nothing to do with Keera." 
Hearing this, Jake glanced at Keira. At that moment, it felt like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. 
The fog clouding his thoughts cleared away. 
Suddenly, everything in his life became crystal clear. 
Jake turned to Nathan. "Grandpa, my decisions have nothing to do with Ke… Aunt Keera. I'm just tired of being your puppet!" 
"What puppet? What nonsense are you spouting?" Oliver demanded angrily. 
Jake shook off his grip and said bluntly, "You've never shown my mom an ounce of kindness. The only time you smile at her is when I achieve something that makes you proud. So, she's always pushed me to work harder, telling me that the more I accomplish, the more attention you'll give us." 
A bitter smile appeared on Jake's face. "My entire life has been about earning your approval. Every decision I've made has been based on what you want… I've never lived for myself!" 
His voice choked with emotion as he continued, "When it came to getting married, I thought I couldn't choose someone who might embarrass you, so I gave up the love of my life. When it came to college, I pushed myself to get into the best school in Oceanion just to make you proud. Even when it came to picking a major, I wanted to study aerospace engineering, but I chose chemical engineering because of you… 
"Dad, I don't want to live like this anymore. I want to make a choice for myself, just once! So, I'm not marrying Eve Clark!" 
The words had barely left his mouth when Oliver slapped him hard across the face. 
Oliver's eyes burned with rage. "You little punk! You dare defy me? Let me tell you, you will marry Eve Clark, no ifs, ands, or buts! If you don't, I'll throw you and your mother out of this house!" 
Jake stood there, stunned. After a moment, he let out a bitter laugh, about to respond when a sharp voice came from the doorway, "You wouldn't dare!" 
Everyone turned to see Melissa striding into the room, her eyes red with fury. She glared at Oliver. "I've stood by you all these years, given you children, managed your household, and never complained about the woman on the side. I even tolerated that little tramp, Selena, living under the same roof… Oliver Horton, you think you can just kick me out?" 
Oliver's brow furrowed. "Why wouldn't I? If your son doesn't fall in line, I'll divorce you!" 
"I'm not getting a divorce!" Melissa snapped. "If you're so bold, why don't you move out and never come back? But don't even think about divorcing me to make room for that pair!" 
Oliver was momentarily stunned. 
Selena, who had followed Melissa in, quickly chimed in, "Mrs. Horton, you've got it all wrong. Dad's only threatening Jake to keep him in line; he's not serious about divorcing you…" 
Before she could finish, Melissa spun around and slapped Selena hard across the face, leaving her head tilted to one side. 
Melissa's voice dripped with venom. "Shut your mouth! Who do you think you are, you little bastard? Do you think you have the right to meddle in our family's business? How dare you speak up here!" 
Selena clutched her cheek, turning to Oliver with pleading eyes. "I was just trying to help…" 
"Get out of my sight!" Melissa barked. "You're not welcome in this house!" 
Oliver exploded with anger. "Shut up! The Horton family is mine, not yours! Selena is my daughter! If you had any decency, you would've brought her home and raised her properly instead of leaving her with the label of a bastard. I haven't even blamed you for being petty, and now you have the nerve to lay a hand on her?" 
Tears streamed down Melissa's face as she screamed, "You've crossed the line, Oliver! You're nothing but a heartless bastard! Are you really going to throw your own son away for this illegitimate child?" 
Jake also glared at Oliver. "Dad, let me ask you, are you really willing to abandon us for her? If you are, then I'll take Mom and leave!" 
The room fell silent. 
Oliver was speechless. 
In families like theirs, having a son to carry on the family legacy was crucial. Without a son, what would become of his legacy? 
But as Oliver hesitated, Selena cut in, "Jake, what are you even saying? Dad is doing this for your own good. Why else would he have me introduce you to such an esteemed young lady from Clance? But here you are, threatening him…" 
Oliver's resolve hardened when he heard this. He glared at Jake and Melissa. "Fine, go ahead and leave! You can't threaten me! Get out of the Horton family right now!"
###Chapter 674
674 Chapter 673 
Jake and Melissa were stunned. 
They had long known that Oliver favored the woman outside and even preferred the daughter of the mistress. However, they hadn't anticipated that, in front of his son, Oliver would choose Selena. 
Selena, hearing this, managed a slight smile, though she kept her lips pressed together. She gently advised, "Dad, don't speak out of anger. Jake is the one who can carry on the family name. Jake, you should make amends. Dad's just trying to scare you!" 
Jake glared coldly at Selena, his jaw tightening. He sneered, "I'd rather not have a father like this!" 
Selena immediately protested, "How can you speak like that? Dad has high hopes for you, and it's all for your own good… You're really hurting his feelings!" 
"High hopes? The most I've ever heard from him are his criticisms. To him, I'm nothing but a failure! A useless person!" 
Jake sighed bitterly. "If that's the case, why does he even need me?" 
Melissa began to cry. "Yes, in your eyes, that illegitimate daughter is a thousand times better than us, but we're your own family, too! I'm your wife! My family has an influence, and I've been enduring for you all these years. Oliver, you have no conscience!" 
Selena quickly added, "Aunt Melissa, don't speak ill of Dad. He and my mom are truly in love. It's you who came between them, forcing Dad to marry you…" 
"Be quiet!" Melissa shouted angrily. "If he didn't care for me, would I have had hopes? Oliver, wasn't it you who came to my family to propose? Wasn't it you who begged to marry me? You did it to compete with Lewis because my family could offer you more support! That mistress's daughter is nothing! 
"Now that my family has fallen, you want to kick us out? I won't give way to that woman!" 
Selena frowned. "Aunt Melissa, how can you speak about Dad like that? He has his struggles, too!" 
She then turned to the visibly upset Oliver. "Dad, Mom has never blamed you. She's happy just being with you. I'm happy, too, even though I'm an illegitimate daughter. Being your daughter is enough for me. I don't understand why Aunt Melissa and Jake are so upset. If you could find me a man like Eve, I'd be grateful… Have they been brainwashed into thinking you're harming them?" 
Selena's words strengthened Oliver's resolve. He spoke firmly, "Selena, don't worry. Once these two are gone, I'll bring you and your mom back home. I'll make sure to marry your mom properly and make you the rightful lady of the Horton family!" 
Selena's eyes glistened. "Dad, Mom and I don't care about those things… We just want you to think of us." 
She then turned to Jake and Melissa. "You have what Mom and I have always wanted. Please cherish it." 
Listening to the subtle barbs, Jake felt his anger flare. He was at a loss for words. 
Melissa, meanwhile, was sobbing uncontrollably. 
Keira and Lewis, observing from the side, exchanged glances. At that moment, Keira suddenly understood why Jake despised illegitimate children so much. 
Selena's subtle manipulation was impressive. She had Oliver firmly in her grasp. Despite the casual tone, every word was laced with admiration and defense for Oliver, increasing his protective instincts toward her. 
No wonder Jake had felt overshadowed all these years by this illegitimate daughter. 
Keira was lost in thought when Lewis leaned in and whispered, "Mrs. Horton, you're quite the strategist." 
Keira raised an eyebrow and looked at him. 
Lewis smiled. "Stirring up their internal conflicts means Eve Clark won't need to be brought into the family, and we're both able to step away from this mess." 
Keira smiled without saying anything. 
She wasn't a saint. Jake had betrayed her, and she wasn't about to forgive him. The recent provocation had been intentional, aimed at making him see things more clearly. Keira thought, as the argument intensified, it worked perfectly to divert attention from herself and Lewis. 
However, Jake and Melissa's ineffective arguments made her want to intervene. 
Hold on, hold on. 
As Keira thought this, Oliver, thoroughly swayed by Selena's words, was now furiously glaring at Jake and Melissa. He pointed to the door and roared. 
"Fine, you don't care about me? Then get out right now! The Horton family doesn't welcome you!" 
"Melissa, if you don't want a divorce, let me tell you, you don't get to decide! I'll find a lawyer to draft a divorce agreement immediately!" 
He then turned to Jake. "And you, my ungrateful son, want to escape? Fine, I'll let you go and see how you fare without the Horton family!" 
Oliver's final shout was, "Get out!!"
###Chapter 675 Chapter 674
675 Chapter 674 
Oliver's roar made Jake tighten his jaw. 
He steadied Melissa. "Mom, let's go." 
The words took Oliver by surprise. 
He hadn't expected Jake to actually leave and frowned in confusion. 
Nathan was immediately displeased. 
While Selena brought benefits to the Horton family, Nathan knew well the value of a granddaughter versus a grandson. He spoke up, "Where do you think you're going, Jake? There's no overnight feud between father and son. Apologize to your father, and let's move past this." 
Oliver lifted his chin, looking down at Jake with a sneer. "Let him go if he wants. Once he's out of the Horton family, let's see how he manages!" 
He was confident Jake had lived a life of luxury and would find it hard to leave behind. 
Jake replied with a wry smile, "Grandpa, I'll come back to visit." 
Before Nathan could respond, Oliver scoffed, "Visit? Once you're gone, you're no longer part of the family. Don't bother coming back! Do you think you can mooch off your grandfather?" 
Nathan snapped, "Oliver! Don't be so harsh with Jake!" 
"Harsh?" Oliver said, his anger rising. "Dad, didn't you hear what he said? He's abandoning me as his father, so why would he care about you as his grandfather? If he does come back, it will be only to beg for money!" 
Jake's jaw tightened. "Don't worry. I won't take a cent from the Horton family." 
Melissa immediately protested, "Jake, don't be ridiculous. Everything here belongs to you. What do you mean you won't take anything?" 
Oliver sneered, "See? Even now, it's all about the Hortons' money! Melissa, I'm giving you a choice. Stay here and let this ungrateful son leave." 
Melissa was momentarily stunned, but Selena spoke up, "Aunt Melissa, you should stay. That way, at least Jake won't be left struggling without any support… Staying here will at least keep him from starving." 
Melissa was immediately enraged. "How dare you say that?! My son can take care of himself!" 
Selena retracted slightly. "I didn't mean it that way. I just wanted to say… Dad, I'm not looking down on Jake. I just think Aunt Melissa should think this through." 
Oliver sneered, "Think it through? Does she even have a brain? Melissa, if you want to stay, you have to sever all ties with Jake! Otherwise, you both go to the ancestral hall and kneel there for five days and nights. After that, go marry Eve Clark, and then we can consider this settled…" 
Melissa looked at him in disbelief. "You want me to kneel in the ancestral hall? All because of a few words from this illegitimate daughter?" 
Oliver laughed coldly but said nothing. 
Jake turned to her. "Mom, don't you see? To him, that mistress and this illegitimate daughter are worth more than both of us combined! Why would you want to stay in a family like this? Do you really want to be humiliated like this?" 
Melissa looked at Jake, her tears falling freely. "But… but I've never worked before. I don't know how to make a living… If we leave, we won't even have a place to stay…" 
Jake said, "I'll find a job and take care of you!" 
Melissa hesitated. 
Jake continued, "Mom, trust me this once. Your whole life has revolved around this man. I went to the best university and married Isla as you wanted, but what good did it do? Now, when things don't go well, he's blaming us. What good is he to us?" 
Melissa stared blankly at Jake. 
He extended his hand. "Mom, come with me." 
Melissa cried, "Jake, I'm really afraid of starving…" 
Despite her words, she put her hand in his. 
Jake's eyes reddened as he tightly held her hand. "Mom, I won't let you starve." 
"What a touching mother-son moment!" Oliver thought he was in control, believing this drama was just a way for them to negotiate. 
He sneered, "If you're leaving, then go quickly! Don't stick around here!" 
He was sure Jake and Melissa wouldn't dare to leave. 
They had never worked a day in their lives, so they were unlikely to have the courage to leave. 
But the next moment, Jake dragged Melissa out with determined strides… 
Oliver's heart raced in panic. 
He even found himself unconsciously following them a few steps. 
The mistress and the illegitimate daughter had never been fit to be part of the family, so he kept them away. 
Melissa came from a good background and managed everything at home well... 
He was about to speak when Selena linked her arm with his. "Dad, let them go and experience the real world. They'll learn their lesson and come around. I've heard that to handle rebellious kids, you should send them to work in a factory during summer vacation. By the time school starts again, they'll usually be much more disciplined…" 
###Chapter 676
676 Chapter 675 
Oliver frowned. "Is that so?" 
"Yes, that's how it is." 
"Fine, then let them suffer out there until they come crawling back to beg me!" 
Oliver let out a cold snort and turned away, not even sparing Jake and Melissa a glance. He'd wait until they came back groveling at his feet, tails between their legs! 
… 
Keira watched the drama unfold, impressed by how skillfully Selena had manipulated Oliver into this state. 
But then again, Oliver was always a scumbag—no wonder he was so easily swayed. 
Keira knew Jake well enough. He was capable, having joined the student council in college and even becoming its president. But his whole life had been under his parents' control. 
Now that he was breaking free, things would look up for him. 
Just then, Selena's voice cut through the room, "Still, with Jake's prestigious degree and skills, if he finds a decent job, he might not come crawling back anytime soon." 
Oliver sneered, "Not without my permission! I dare anyone to give him a job!" 
With that, he stormed out. "I'll make sure every business connected to Horton Group knows not to hire Jake!" 
After Oliver and Selena left, Keira turned to Lewis and darted a glance in Nathan's direction. 
Lewis casually asked, "Dad, does Jake's wife still need shares? Oh wait, Jake doesn't have a wife anymore… Actually, the first branch doesn't even have a son now, do they…" 
Nathan's face darkened as he angrily flung his coat and left. 
Finally, the dining room fell quiet again. Old Mrs. Horton looked at Keira and chuckled indulgently. "You're ruthless! You've cut Jake out of the family and gotten rid of Eve Clark in one move!" 
Keira flashed her a smile in return. 
But old Mrs. Horton gazed out the window with a touch of sadness. "Jake's a good kid. He's respectful to me. He's got a kind heart… he just lost his way. I don't get why Oliver is so indifferent to such an obedient child." 
Keira lowered her eyes. "Because the squeaky wheel gets the grease." 
Old Mrs. Horton paused, then nodded. "Exactly. Selena kicks up a fuss, and Oliver immediately sides with her." 
… 
Jake and Melissa left the house and headed to a hotel. But when they tried to check in, Jake found that his credit cards had been frozen. 
Melissa's cards were blocked, too. 
Standing at the hotel front desk, they couldn't have felt more humiliated. 
Not far away, Oliver watched with a smirk. 
Selena grinned. "Dad, you're brilliant. With no money, they'll have no choice but to come home." 
Oliver scoffed, "They're no match for me!" 
Melissa clutched her purse anxiously. "I should've brought some jewelry when we left!" 
Jake frowned, digging through his pockets until he found his wallet. Inside, he had just over a hundred dollars. 
"We'll rent a short-term apartment," he said. 
A hundred dollars wasn't even enough for one night at this hotel. 
Melissa wanted to argue but, seeing Jake's determination, nodded. "Okay." 
They ended up renting a basement unit for $100 a month. The remaining money would barely cover a few days' meals. 
Jake went job hunting but hit dead ends everywhere. 
Every company he applied to turned him down as soon as they saw his resume. 
Frustrated, Jake barged into an interview room. "Why won't you hire me?" 
The interviewer was polite but firm. "Mr. Horton, your father made it clear—if we hire you, we can kiss our partnership with Horton Group goodbye." 
Jake finally realized every major and mid-sized company had blacklisted him. 
Walking back home in a daze, he felt utterly defeated. 
He was out of money—he couldn't even afford the bus fare to leave the city… 
So, he took a job at a grocery store, stocking shelves for pocket change. 
One day, after lugging a heavy water jug into the store, he saw a luxury car parked outside. 
Oliver stood in front of it, glaring darkly at him. "Ready to admit you were wrong? Come home, marry Eve Clark, and I'll give you your old life back!" 
Jake lowered his head and chuckled bitterly. "Dad, do you know what I've learned these past three days?" 
"What?" 
"I've finally learned how to make a living with my own two hands. Even if I can't afford bread, I won't starve. For the first time, I know what freedom feels like. So…" 
Jake looked up, determination in his eyes. "I'm not going back." 
Oliver's face twisted in rage. "I'll buy this grocery store and fire you! Let's see you find another job!" 
Jake hadn't expected his father to be so ruthless. Taking off his gloves, he calmly replied, "It's fine. I can always work construction." 
"You think this is fun? You think you'll find more work doing this?" Oliver was practically shouting. 
Jake paused. "You really won't leave me any way out?" 
"Disobedient brat! Why should I? This is what you get for defying me! No one will hire you, and you and your mother will starve!" 
Just as those words left Oliver's mouth, another voice cut in, "Who says no one will hire him?"
###Chapter 677
677 Chapter 676 
Jake and Oliver turned to see Keira approaching them. 
The moment Jake saw Keira, his eyes lit up. 
Oliver, on the other hand, frowned. "What are you doing here?" 
Keira walked over and went straight to the point. "I think your son has potential, so I'm planning to invest in him to start a company." 
Oliver was stunned for a moment. Then, his face turned red with anger. "So you've decided to go against me?" 
Keira shrugged. "I didn't think too much about it. I just want to give an old classmate a chance." 
Oliver took a deep breath, struggling to keep his temper in check. "You..." 
But Keira had already turned to Jake. "Remember in college when we talked about starting a chemical company after graduation? Well, now I want to invest in you. Will you accept?" 
Jake was caught off guard. He looked at Keira, wanting to ask: Are you investing in me to spite my father or because you feel sorry for me? 
But before he could say anything, Keira cut him off. "You know me. I don't let emotions drive my decisions. I'm investing in you because I think you're the right fit." 
Jake had strengths that set him apart. His social skills and his ability to draw people together were even better than Keira's and arguably better than Lewis's as well. 
Jake clenched his fists, his jaw tightening. 
Nearby, Oliver yelled, "Jake, you're not allowed to accept her investment! She's in league with Lewis! She's doing this on purpose!" 
But Jake completely ignored him and nodded at Keira. "I accept." 
Oliver was furious, practically stomping in rage. "You ungrateful child! You're betraying your family!" 
Keira paid no attention to him and instead transferred some money to Jake. "Here's your first month's salary. Next, you need to register the company, file for a trademark, and start hiring." 
Jake nodded immediately. "I'll keep the investor updated regularly." 
Keira smiled. "Email works for me." 
"Got it." 
With just a few words, the two of them finalized the deal. By now, Oliver was so angry he looked like he was about to explode. He shouted, "Jake, are you mistaking her for the Keira Olsen who died? She's just taking advantage of you! Are you accepting her investment because you're still hung up on her? Do you think Lewis will let you off the hook?" 
Jake tightened his fists, then suddenly smiled. "I always thought my one bad decision in college made me lose someone special. But now I realize I was never worthy of her, to begin with." 
He lowered his eyes, took a step back, and said, "Ms. Olsen, I look forward to working with you." 
Jake smiled again. 
He had lost so much weight recently, and the defeat hanging over him had made him almost unrecognizable. But now, this smile seemed to lift all the burdens off his shoulders, like he'd finally let go of everything. 
Keira smiled back. 
This was the Jake she remembered from college—the one who pursued her for four years. 
Back then, he never looked down on her for being poor, nor did he distance himself because of her withdrawn personality. 
In truth, she owed him gratitude. During a lonely chapter of her life, he had been there for her. 
They exchanged glances, both sharing a look of mutual understanding. 
He had let go of his guilt toward her. 
She had finally forgiven him. 
Oliver's face turned livid with rage. "Fine! Go ahead and take her scraps! Do you even realize what you're giving up? You're throwing away your claim to the Horton family's main inheritance! You want to stick with her? Fine! I'll bring Selena and her mother back home and make sure you know I don't need you anymore!" 
He spat out those words before storming off. 
Jake watched him go. 
Keira walked over and asked, "Any regrets?" 
"None." Jake smiled. "I just suddenly realized… he's actually pretty pitiful." 
"What do you mean?" 
"My mom loved him so much, but he never appreciated it. Selena and her mother are only using him, but he's completely blind to it." 
Jake laughed bitterly. "But it doesn't matter now. From here on out, we have nothing to do with each other!" 
Keira nodded in understanding. 
Just as she was about to say goodbye, a man walked over, holding up his phone and recording a video of Keira. "Hey everyone, check this out! Isn't this the girl who got exposed recently, the one they said was cozying up to spies?" 
As soon as he said that, several people gathered around, surrounding Keira. 
She frowned. 
Jake immediately jumped in. "You've got the wrong person!" 
The man ignored him and moved closer, shoving his phone in Keira's face. "No, I haven't! How many people are this pretty in real life? Miss Olsen, care to explain why you're so friendly with spies? Don't you know being kind to bad people is cruel to the good ones?" 
"I bet she's in on it with the spies!" 
Someone in the crowd shouted, and the next thing they knew, a cup of milk tea was hurled straight at Keira!
###Chapter 678
678 Chapter 677 
Jake instinctively moved to shield Keira from the oncoming milk tea. But as soon as he stepped in front of her, someone yanked his arm, and the next thing he knew, Keira was the one standing in front of him. 
Thud! 
Before the drink could reach her, Keira kicked it away. Still, since it was a liquid, some of it splashed out, landing on her arm. 
Jake froze, then chuckled to himself. 
He'd done it again—forgotten that Keira wasn't just any ordinary girl… 
Most girls in a situation like this would look for protection, but Keira never needed that. 
She was strong and confident. 
Even back in college, she was often the subject of gossip, but she never cared. 
She never punished herself for other people's mistakes. 
Suddenly, Jake realized it wasn't that she was too strong; it was that he wasn't good enough, not worthy to stand in front of her. 
For Keira, it was just about keeping things even. Business was business—she genuinely believed in Jake's potential. But personally? She didn't want anything more to do with him. 
Keira felt a bit grossed out as the sticky liquid rolled down her arm. She had a mild case of OCD, so she immediately frowned and turned to look at the girl who had thrown the drink. 
The culprit was a young woman, and she glared back at Keira with righteous indignation. The moment Keira looked at her, she yelled, "What're you looking at? Yeah, I threw it! If you've got guts, call the cops on me! Go ahead! My parents were scientists who died at the hands of foreign spies. I despise traitors more than anything!" 
The girl's eyes were bloodshot, and tears welled up as she spoke. 
Nearby, others pulled out their phones, recording the scene. 
"Serves you right for helping people you shouldn't. You deserve it! Don't worry, sweetie; if you go to the police, we'll all go with you! We're backing you up!" 
"What's she got to complain about? Even if she calls the cops, no one's gonna care, believe me!" 
The girl then addressed the crowd. "Thank you all for your support, but I'll take responsibility. I threw it, so if she calls the cops, they can arrest me. A few days in jail won't change my mind—I still think she's trash!" 
"She doesn't even deserve milk tea! Next time, someone should throw something nastier at her!" 
"Garbage! A disgrace to society!" 
"Looks decent enough, but who knew she'd be such a lowlife!" 
"..." 
In the middle of all the insults, Keira glanced at the girl who threw the tea. Even with everyone backing her up, the girl still looked like she'd go down fighting. Shaking off the milk tea from her arm, Keira took a deep breath and turned to walk away. 
What good would calling the cops do? 
At most, they'd lock this poor girl up for a few days and give her a lecture… 
Lowering her gaze, Keira spotted a nearby convenience store and walked in. She grabbed a pack of tissues and handed them to the cashier. "How much?" 
"Sorry, we don't sell to traitors." 
The cashier's voice was cold and flat. 
Keira froze mid-scan, frowning. "Excuse me?" 
"I said we're not selling anything to you!" 
The cashier stared her down. "We may be a small business, but even I know better than to sell to traitors like you!" 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
She frowned and said, "Aren't you worried I'll report you to customer protection?" 
"Go ahead! Even if they shut us down or revoke our business license, I'm still not selling to you!" The cashier sneered. "Anyone in bed with a traitor like that scumbag isn't any better. I may just be an ordinary citizen, but I know that a strong country is the only way to protect the life we enjoy. People like you don't deserve to live here!" 
Keira was stunned. 
She'd heard that this generation was increasingly patriotic. 
She knew it was something people had been talking about, but facing it firsthand? It was almost amusing. 
Part of her admired their courage to stand up to what they saw as evil forces, and she appreciated their love for their country. If someone else were in her shoes, she might've even applauded them. 
Keira pursed her lips and walked out of the store. 
As she stepped outside, she heard a reporter nearby saying, "A concerned citizen just tipped us off that Miss Olsen, who supports a known traitor, was refused service when trying to buy tissues. This incident has stirred up strong patriotic feelings across the community. Let's interview the cashier and get their perspective." 
Keira paused, then walked on. 
"Don't run, you traitor!" 
A group of people began following her, seemingly ready to take things further. 
Keira frowned and picked up the pace. 
She didn't want to get into a confrontation with ordinary people or hurt anyone, but her patience had its limits. If these people pushed her any further, she wouldn't just stand there and take it!
###Chapter 679
679 Chapter 678 
Just as Keira was preparing to take action, a sudden stir erupted in the crowd. 
She paused, turning to see Lewis and Uncle Olsen's car parked at the curb. The two men then strode over, accompanied by several bodyguards. 
The bodyguards quickly dispersed the surrounding crowd, creating a clear path for them to reach Keira. 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Uncle Olsen immediately addressed Lewis, saying, "How have you been taking care of her?" 
Keira was about to say she didn't need any help when Lewis frowned and said, "Sorry, I should have mentioned this earlier. The situation has been tense recently. Don't go out alone." 
He then took Keira's hand and said, "Let's go home." 
Uncle Olsen snorted and added, "If you can't take care of her, send her back to the Olsen family. Don't let the Hortons mistreat her." 
Lewis immediately assured him, "Sir, it won't happen again." 
"Humph." 
Uncle Olsen turned and was about to get into the car when a reporter pushed a microphone into his face, demanding, "Mr. Olsen, as the head of the Olsen Group, what do you have to say about your daughter's public involvement with spies?" 
Uncle Olsen ignored the reporter and continued walking forward. 
But the reporter persisted, "I'm sure you must be very troubled by this. Is it true that this daughter is your illegitimate child? Are you not particularly fond of her? Will the Olsen family sever ties with her for the sake of reputation and stock value recovery?" 
Uncle Olsen stopped in his tracks. 
Keira felt something was amiss and was about to speak, but Uncle Olsen had already taken the reporter's microphone and declared, "My daughter isn't an illegitimate child. She is my legitimate and only daughter, and the blood relationship between us can never be severed or denied!" 
The reporter was excited and asked, "So, does this mean the Olsen Group will support all her decisions?" 
"That's right," Uncle Olsen said firmly, looking at the reporter. "The Olsen Group will back her in everything she does!" 
Keira was stunned. 
The online backlash against her was intense, and the Olsen Group's stock had dropped by ten percent recently. Their best move would have been to stay out of it. 
In a few days, when Professor Brandt and all the students returned to the country, it would be the moment when old Mr. Sim's name was cleared and her innocence proven! 
But with Uncle Olsen's statement, it was certain the Olsen Group's stock would fall even more tomorrow. 
Keira sighed inwardly. She wasn't particularly concerned about public opinion, but she wished her father wouldn't protect her so much. 
As she was thinking, a reporter approached Lewis and asked, "Mr. Horton, what about you? Will the Horton Group, like the Olsen Group, cover the mistakes of Miss Olsen? Even if it means a drop in Horton Group's stock?" 
As she was thinking, a reporter approached Lewis and asked, "Mr. Horton, what about you? Will the Horton Group, like the Olsen Group, cover the mistakes of Miss Olsen? Even if it means a drop in Horton Group's stock?" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She looked at Lewis, ready to speak, but he answered directly, "Yes." 
His response almost made Keira roll her eyes. 
Seriously, could they be any more conspicuous? 
She sighed quietly, forcing a smile. 
Turning to Uncle Olsen, she said, "Dad." 
Uncle Olsen looked shocked. 
After their reunion, Keira seldom called him "Dad." 
His smile broadened, and he waved at her. Keira said, "See you tomorrow." 
"See you. Come home for dinner when you have time." 
Uncle Olsen got into the car. 
Keira thought she might be imagining it, but it seemed Uncle Olsen's eyes were red before he got into the car, and he even dabbed at his eyes with a tissue after getting in. 
Such a decisive person like Uncle Olsen wouldn't be sentimental, so she must have seen it wrong! 
Keira smiled softly, turned slowly, and saw Lewis. Together, they got into the car. 
… 
Inside Lewis Horton's SUV, the atmosphere suddenly dropped to an icy chill. 
Keira glanced at Lewis, then at Jake, and cleared her throat. 
Lewis asked, "Are you really sure about him?" 
Jake immediately straightened up. 
Keira nodded. "Yes, and about that…" 
She wanted to explain a bit more, especially since her previous relationship with Jake had been ambiguous, and it seemed he had abandoned her for Isla. 
But before she could start, Lewis interrupted, "How much did you invest? I'll add the same amount. If you believe in the project, it must be good." 
Keira was taken aback. 
Even Jake was stunned. 
He had thought Lewis, being a bit stingy, would be angry, especially since he had always been quite possessive. But Lewis's attitude toward Keira was surprisingly supportive. 
Jake looked at Keira, then at Lewis, and finally at his own hands. 
He felt out of place and like an intruder in the car. 
The bond and trust between Lewis and Keira were something he had never experienced with her. 
While he was lost in thought, Lewis suddenly asked, "What are you thinking about?" 
Jake snapped back to reality. 
He had always been intimidated by Lewis, so he was about to confess he was thinking about his and Keira's past. 
But he realized that wouldn't be right, so he quickly found another reason, but Lewis changed the topic. "You're really going to cut ties with your father?" 
Jake's attention was diverted, and he lowered his head, forcing a bitter smile. "Yes." 
"Today, Selena Horton and her mother moved into the Horton residence." 
Jake's head shot up in disbelief. "What?" 
He was furious. "He hasn't even divorced my mother yet!" 
Lewis remained silent. 
Jake clenched his fists, his eyes reddening. "This is outrageous! He doesn't realize that the mistress and Selena only care about his money! Only my mother truly loves him!" 
Jake's voice choked with emotion. "I feel so sorry for my mother! I wish my father could see who really loves him!" 
Lewis said calmly, "Time will reveal the truth." 
Jake sighed. "It's useless. The mistress and Selena are playing their parts perfectly. They've deceived my father his entire life! How could he ever see their true colors?" 
He lowered his head, burying his face in his hands, and tears streamed down. "It's not about me. I just feel sorry for my mother… Maybe only when he's fallen from grace and lost all his money will he see the true nature of the mistress and her daughter. But with the Horton Group thriving and you in charge, Uncle Lewis, the group will probably never face bankruptcy… He'll live off his wealth forever." 
Jake wiped his tears and looked up. 
Then he heard Lewis say, "The Horton Group won't go bankrupt, but your father might not be so lucky."
###Chapter 680
680 Chapter 679 
Jake stared, confused. "What do you mean?" 
Lewis didn't respond. 
Keira, however, understood the implication. 
The day Grandma wasn't around was the day the main branch of the Horton family would be ousted. Oliver's bankruptcy was only a matter of time… 
Previously, Lewis might have felt some guilt toward Grandma since he was dealing with the main branch, but now... 
Keira looked at Jake. 
When Lewis suddenly said he wanted to invest with her in Jake's project, Keira understood. The main branch wouldn't fall into decline. 
After all, there was still Jake. 
If Lewis allocated the shares that should have gone to the main branch to Jake, everything would be perfect. 
Unfortunately, Jake hadn't grasped Lewis's words… 
Keira was lost in thought as the car left the street and dropped Jake off at a location convenient for him to catch a cab. She then drove back to the Horton residence with Lewis. 
While earning money and building a career was important, spending time with loved ones was just as crucial. 
Both of them had agreed to set aside their work for the month to spend time with Grandma. 
As the car parked in the lot, they walked toward old Mrs. Horton's small courtyard... 
Before they reached it, Oliver suddenly appeared in front of Keira. He frowned and stared at her. "Are you Keira Olsen? I just heard you mention something about old classmates?" 
Oliver had been so focused on his anger that he had overlooked that the person in front of him was Keera. The mention of "old classmates" seemed increasingly out of place. 
Keira gave him a half-smile. "Oliver, are you still not satisfied?" 
"What do you mean?" 
"Your son disobeyed you, and you just can't get over it, can you?" 
Oliver's expression changed abruptly. "What are you talking about? Stop talking nonsense!" 
"You're not upset? I thought you were dwelling on our argument, trying to rehash it here!" 
Oliver was shocked. 
He was indeed replaying it, wondering why his son chose "Keera's" investment over his own! 
The main branch held thirty percent of the Horton Group shares, worth several billion! Had Jake given it all up? 
Was it just for "Keera's" little investment? 
That idiot must have been misled by this woman! 
So, was this woman actually Keira? 
Oliver wasn't a fool and wouldn't be easily misled by Keira's diversion. He sneered. "You are Keira Olsen, aren't you?" 
Keira responded coolly, "I'm Keera Olsen. I have a daughter named Erin, and my father is Uncle Olsen. What's this? Are you trying to verify my identity?" 
Oliver furrowed his brows. "Then what did you just say to Jake about old classmates?" 
"You heard wrong." 
"I…" 
Keira ignored him and walked directly into old Mrs. Horton's room with Lewis. 
As they entered, they heard a delicate, timid laugh. 
A weak voice was saying, "Grandma, I come from a poor background and haven't seen much of the world. Please don't be mad at me…" 
Then Selena's voice came through. "Mom, Great-Grandma is a kind person. She won't be mad at you!" 
The timid voice continued, "But didn't Grandma just try to chase me out? Isn't she mad at me?" 
Then Selena's voice chimed in, "Grandma, my mother is new to the Horton family. Please don't hold it against her. She's had a hard life and hasn't seen much. She's just made a mistake. You won't be angry with her, right?" 
Old Mrs. Horton was bewildered by these words. 
What a typical act! 
These two had shown up at her courtyard early in the morning and insisted on chatting with her. 
The mistress then lamented about how she had few pieces of jewelry and how, despite being with Oliver for years, she never received any gifts from the family, which made her feel unworthy. 
Old Mrs. Horton found it amusing and retorted, "If you want something, go ask Oliver's father! What good is crying to me?" 
With just that one sentence, the mistress was now crying and whining! 
She claimed she was being looked down upon… 
She said she came from a poor background, with Selena chiming in, making it seem like they were being mistreated. 
Now, it seemed like not giving them a few pieces of jewelry was a grave mistake. 
How could there be such people in the world?! 
Old Mrs. Horton frowned, feeling a headache coming on with the constant whining from the mother and daughter duo, which was making her increasingly agitated. 
At this moment, Keira and Lewis walked in decisively. 
Seeing them, old Mrs. Horton's eyes lit up as if she had found a savior!
###Chapter 681 - 680
Chapter 681 - 680
Mrs. Horton pointed at them and said, "Lewis and Keera are back, and they're joining me for dinner. As for you two—" 
Before she could finish, Selena smiled and cut her off, "Of course, Grandma! We'd love to stay and have dinner with you." 
Old Mrs. Horton was perplexed. 
Wait a minute. Was that what she meant? 
She frowned, about to speak again, when Marisa, Selena's mom, jumped in, "Oh, Grandma, I'm just a simple woman who's not used to fancy meals. I might not have the best manners, certainly not up to the standard of this family. I hope you won't mind me." 
Old Mrs. Horton was shocked. 
So what, now she couldn't even ask them to leave? If she did, wouldn't that imply she was looking down on them? 
Old Mrs. Horton's lips twitched. Suddenly, she didn't know what to say anymore. 
Since she was stuck, Keira gave a light laugh. "Sorry for the sudden visit, but we didn't prepare extra food for you two." 
Selena didn't miss a beat, "Oh, that's fine! My mom and I barely eat much anyway. We really just want to enjoy dinner with Grandma." 
She then turned to Lewis and Keira with a smile, "Uncle, Aunt, you know, back when Jake and the others were around, they could be a handful. But now that my mom and I have moved back, we plan to spend more time with Grandma. You wouldn't want to stop us from taking care of Grandma, would you?" 
That was a scheming statement. 
If Lewis insisted on kicking Selena and Marisa out, it would make him look like he was pushing the main branch away from their grandmother. But if he let them stay, who would want to sit down and eat with Selena and her mother? 
Just the sight of them would be enough to ruin anyone's appetite. 
Lewis frowned, ready to insist they leave, but Keira stepped in with a chuckle, "We wouldn't dream of stopping you from spending time with Grandma. But she's been feeling unwell and needs some quiet to rest. I'm sure you can understand that having too many people around might disturb her." 
Selena immediately smiled again, "Then just let my mom and me stay. We're really no trouble, and since you and Uncle Lewis are busy with work, it'd be nice for Grandma to have some company." 
Selena sighed, "I saw that the Horton Group's stock went down today. Those reporters really blew things out of proportion with Aunt Keira's issues. It's hurting the company." 
Before she could finish, Oliver walked in and sneered, "It's not the reporters' fault. If she hadn't been involved in questionable behavior, they wouldn't have had anything to report. People need to take a good look at their own actions instead of blaming others. Don't you agree, Lewis?" 
Lewis lowered his gaze, "Yeah, maybe we should reflect on why one's own wife and son would rather leave everything behind than stay in this house." 
Oliver's expression darkened, and Selena quickly jumped in, "Jake's just in a rebellious phase, that's all. Everyone goes through it. Once he's faced enough hardships outside, he'll come to appreciate the warmth of home and come back." 
Oliver scoffed, "Exactly. Some people think that giving my son a few perks will win him over. But no matter what you invest, how much could he possibly earn? He's still going to come back and inherit this family's legacy." 
That comment made Selena's eyes darken as she exchanged a quick glance with Marisa. 
Marisa always had a somber, introspective quality about her, which gave her a rather gloomy presence. Despite this, she was dutiful and soft-spoken with Oliver, in sharp contrast to Melissa, who was always more high-strung and tense. 
It was obvious to Keira what this mother-daughter pair was up to, but Oliver seemed completely taken by them… 
Whether he genuinely couldn't see through their act or was simply deceiving himself, it was hard to tell… 
This revision simplifies the phrasing and makes the sentiment clearer. 
As Keira pondered, Oliver turned to her, "Selena's right. Jake and his mother didn't know their place before and refused to be obedient. I'll finalize the divorce with Melissa tomorrow and officially bring Marisa into the family. From now on, Selena and Marisa will be the ones helping out with Grandma's care." 
Old Mrs. Horton was speechless. 
She didn't need that kind of help! 
Honestly, she was perfectly fine being alone! 
Old Mrs. Horton's mouth twitched, and just as she was about to speak, Selena stepped closer. "Grandma, what's for dinner tonight?" 
Marisa added with a smile, "Mrs. Horton, sorry to impose on you for a meal on our first visit. But I know you wouldn't look down on us…" 
Old Mrs. Horton was speechless. 
Oliver said, "I'll join you for dinner as well, Grandma. I'm sure you wouldn't mind, would you?" 
Old Mrs. Horton took a deep breath, "Seriously, it's not necessary. You all have your things to do. I'd actually prefer—" 
"Oh, we're not busy. Nothing's more important than spending time with you, Grandma." 
Selena's sweet words made it clear—they weren't planning on leaving. 
Everyone knew old Mrs. Horton didn't have much time left. In these final weeks, whoever stayed close and cared for her would stand to gain more of the inheritance… 
Marisa immediately got up, "Let me help you wash up, Grandma." 
Watching the scene unfold, Oliver couldn't help but sigh. 
Melissa had always resented taking care of old Mrs. Horton, complaining about her age and frailty. But look at how Marisa was already bridging the gap with Grandma after just a short time… 
It was clear to him now—Marisa was the better choice!
###Chapter 682 Chapter 681
682 Chapter 681 
As Oliver was pondering what to do, Keira spoke up, "Sorry, but the meal tonight was prepared based on the number of people. Grandma's dining is served individually, so we can't have you just watching while we eat." 
Anyone with a bit of self-respect would have left at this point. 
However, Marisa and Selena just smiled. 
Marisa said, "It's no trouble. It's an honor to be able to serve Grandma." 
Keira grinned, "I'm just worried that if we eat while you watch, it might be hard for you." 
Marisa's eyes flickered for a moment. She had mentioned her humble background before, but was Keira really underestimating her knowledge and experience? As Oliver's mistress, how could she not have seen fine things before? 
So what if she had to watch them eat? 
She wasn't even very hungry. Why would it be hard for her? 
Marisa smiled, "No, it won't be a problem." 
"Really?" Keira laughed, "The food here is quite delicious. I'm just concerned that you might be tempted." 
Selena scoffed, "Aunt Keira, you're underestimating us!" 
"In that case, I'll go get the food ready." 
Keira left those words hanging and headed straight for the kitchen. 
Lewis raised an eyebrow at the scene. 
Looks like they're in for a treat tonight! 
Old Mrs. Horton's eyes lit up. She remembered when she first met Keira; she had stayed at Keira's place for a while, and she knew her granddaughter-in-law's cooking was exceptional. 
She wondered what Keira had prepared this time. 
Both old Mrs. Horton and Lewis were eagerly watching the kitchen, which made Oliver and Marisa exchange glances. 
Oliver moved closer to Marisa and whispered, "Make sure you don't embarrass us by acting like you've never seen fine dining before. Got it?" 
Marisa whispered back, "Don't worry, Oliver. You've treated me to so many fine dishes; I'm sure a meal prepared by a young girl won't make me jealous. It's not like it's something extravagant!" 
Selena laughed, "I don't get what she's up to, but we're staying here today and coming back tomorrow. Don't worry, Dad. With Mom and me around, we'll make sure to build a good relationship with Grandma!" 
Oliver smiled, "Good girl! You're so much better than that troublemaker. He's nothing but a headache and can't do anything right!" 
Selena's gaze lowered, "Dad, don't be upset. Jake's just going through a phase…" 
The three of them chatted away, completely unaware of what was about to unfold. 
Meanwhile, in the kitchen, as soon as Keira walked in, Fiona handed her an apron and said, "Ma'am, I've already prepared the ingredients you mentioned before you left." 
"Great." 
Keira tied on the apron and went to the counter. 
She first opened the simmering pot. 
The moment she lifted the lid, a rich aroma wafted out. 
Keira's lips curved into a smile as she looked at Fiona, "Fiona, get four plates ready. We're serving something special tonight!" 
Fiona immediately prepared four plates with a smile. 
When Keira mentioned the meal being served individually, Fiona knew right away that it was intentional—just to let them watch without letting them eat! 
Keira's cooking was legendary; it was so delicious it felt like you were tasting art. 
Fiona eagerly anticipated the moment when the others would only be able to smell the food but not taste it. 
What a delightful thought! 
As Fiona was lost in her anticipation, Keira skillfully prepared the prepped dishes, heated the oil, and began cooking. 
Fiona watched her with admiration. 
The entire process was so smooth and enjoyable to watch… It reminded Fiona of an anime she had seen as a child, "Chūka Ichiban." Every time she tasted Keira's cooking, it felt like experiencing those dramatic flavor explosions. 
It wasn't just food—it was an art form! 
Keira quickly finished cooking four dishes and a soup. 
She divided the food into four portions, keeping one for Fiona and signaling to her to take the other three to the dining room. 
"Sure thing!" 
Keira removed her apron and walked out of the kitchen to the dining room. 
Old Mrs. Horton's eyes lit up. "Is the food ready?" 
"Please have a seat." 
Keira smiled. 
Old Mrs. Horton turned to Oliver and the other two, saying, "If you want to leave now, you still can… It'll be much harder to get away later!" 
The three were puzzled by her words. 
Oliver even scoffed. 
Marisa moved closer to old Mrs. Horton, "Grandma, it's my duty to serve you dinner." 
At that moment, Fiona and a few servants brought out the three portions of food. 
They placed the dishes in front of Keira, Lewis, and old Mrs. Horton, then announced, "The food is served. Enjoy your meal." 
Oliver scoffed, thinking they were just putting on a show. 
How could some food possibly tempt him? 
But as the lids were lifted, a powerful aroma filled the air and reached the noses of the three! 
###Chapter 683
Chapter 683
The three people at the table were instantly stunned. 
What was that aroma? 
What kind of food was this? 
How could it possibly smell this good? 
Oliver, Selena, and Marisa had all enjoyed a life of luxury for years. They had tasted the finest cuisine around, yet the fragrance of these dishes had them completely caught off guard. 
It didn't help that it was already dinnertime, and the Hortons were known for maintaining disciplined eating habits, keeping their portions modest. As a result, they were often genuinely hungry by mealtime. 
Now, hunger was gnawing at them, and these mouth-watering dishes were making it unbearable. All three couldn't help but fix their gazes on the plates in front of them. 
On the table were hearty dishes: a rich beef stew, slow-cooked pork belly, meatballs in a savory sauce, and even a simple stir-fried vegetable dish that looked unusually fresh and flavorful. And was that a casserole with layers of seafood and mushrooms? 
They all swallowed hard. 
Keira raised an eyebrow, not even bothering to look their way. Instead, she turned to Lewis and old Mrs. Horton. "Lewis, Grandma, let's eat." 
Then she glanced over at Fiona. 
Fiona instantly caught the hint and hurried off to the kitchen to grab her own portion. 
She couldn't wait any longer! 
How could Miss Olsen's cooking be this delicious? 
The dining room suddenly grew very quiet... 
Keira, Lewis, and old Mrs. Horton ate with their usual grace, though even old Mrs. Horton indulged in extra helpings, savoring the dishes with obvious delight. 
Selena awkwardly attempted to break the silence. "Uh…" 
But as soon as she opened her mouth, she instinctively had to swallow another mouthful of saliva. It was as if her body wasn't under her control anymore. She felt utterly humiliated. 
Keira shot her a look. "Hungry?" 
Selena quickly waved her hands. "I'm not… I mean, I'm not hungry." 
Oliver and Marisa felt embarrassed for their daughter, struggling to watch her stumble through her reply. 
They both turned away at the same time, and Oliver decided to speak up. "Well, Grandma, the food here today is really, uh—" 
He couldn't finish before he, too, had to swallow back the excess saliva. There was just too much to hold back, and it was on the verge of spilling out. How mortifying! 
Oliver's face turned red with embarrassment. "Uh, I just remembered something urgent I need to handle. I'll be going now." 
The moment he left, Marisa and Selena stood up hastily. "We'll be heading out too." 
They needed to eat something, anything. Staying in the room with that aroma any longer felt like torture. 
Keira casually waved them off. "Don't rush off now. Didn't you say you wanted to spend time with Grandma? Why don't you come back for the next meal as well?" 
Marisa and Selena both faltered. 
Come back? With food this tempting, who would dare? 
The two practically fled the house as if something were chasing them. Keira's lips curled into a smile. 
Even Lewis couldn't resist giving her hand a squeeze with an amused grin. 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled warmly, her eyes full of approval as she looked at Keira. "Keira, you really know how to handle things! Finally, some peace and quiet. Let's enjoy our meal." 
Keira nodded. 
The three continued eating in tranquility. But midway through, Keira paused. "Does it feel like something's missing?" 
Lewis frowned slightly. "It does feel like something's off, but what could it be?" 
Old Mrs. Horton waved it off. "There's nothing missing. Let's just finish our meal." 
They had barely finished eating when a cheerful voice floated down from upstairs. "Hey, you guys already ate? How could you start without me?" 
Keira quickly turned to see Erin bounding down the stairs, pistachios in hand, curiosity written all over her face. "What did you make tonight?" 
Keira felt a headache coming on. 
Erin sniffed the air eagerly, her eyes sparkling. "Wow, this smells amazing! What is it? It smells like the best thing ever! Hurry up and bring me my portion!" 
Fiona, who had just finished her own meal in the kitchen, froze when she heard Erin's words. 
Erin had joined Keira just the day before. She was bubbly, sweet, and charming and had already won Fiona over completely. Fiona treated her as one of their own. 
But now, seeing Erin's expectant look, Fiona felt a pang of guilt. How could she have eaten the fourth portion that Miss Olsen prepared? She should have saved it for this lovely guest! 
Fiona was about to confess when Keira cleared her throat lightly. "Fiona, didn't we set aside some food for Erin in the kitchen? Go ahead and bring it out." 
Fiona's heart skipped a beat. 
All that was left in the kitchen were the regular dishes they had every day. 
The special four-course meal Miss Olsen had prepared? Completely gone… 
But Fiona quickly picked up on Keira's intent and responded with a cough. "Of course, I'll bring it right out." 
Erin's eyes sparkled with excitement. "Hurry up! Mr. Horton, Mrs. Horton, your chef is a genius! I've never smelled anything this good, not even back at the Olsen house! I can't wait to dig in!" 
As she finished her praise, Fiona returned, carrying out their usual dinner dishes with a nervous expression. She placed them in front of Erin. 
Erin eagerly grabbed a bite, then hesitated, a frown forming on her face. "Why does the taste feel completely different from what I smelled?" 
Fiona's heart raced. 
Erin's gaze turned toward Keira, brimming with suspicion. "You guys are holding out on me, aren't you? I want the real food, too!" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "And what would make us share?" 
Erin clenched her fists with determination. "If you let me eat it, I'll tell you a major South family secret!"
###Chapter 684 Chapter 683
684 Chapter 683 
Keira was speechless. 
Wait, did Erin just casually spill a South family secret like that? 
Keira stared at Erin, wanting to say something, but ultimately decided it wasn't worth the effort. Instead, she said, "So, if I make you four dishes, you'll tell me four secrets?" 
"Deal!" Erin answered cheerfully, her eyes sparkling with childlike innocence. The look was so pure that Keira almost felt guilty, as if she were tricking a kid. 
Keira was silent again. 
She stood up and walked toward the kitchen, with Erin trailing behind. 
Keira's cooking style was spontaneous. She glanced at the ingredients left in the kitchen and said, "Alright, for the first dish, I'll make you a rice bowl with braised meat." 
She grabbed some pork ribs, tossed them into a clay pot, prepped everything quickly, and then looked at Erin. "First secret, start talking." 
Erin didn't hesitate. "You know how the South family estate can't be found on any map? Not even on satellite images?" 
Keira nodded. "Yeah, I noticed." 
Erin grinned. "Well, the reason you can't find it is because the South family's land is cloaked! They've developed a kind of camouflage tech that makes their property blend seamlessly with its surroundings, so on any map or satellite image, it just looks like either land, ocean, or forest—whatever's around it." 
Keira's eyes narrowed. "So which one is it? Land, ocean, or forest?" 
Erin gave her a sly smile. "That's the second secret! What's the next dish?" 
Keira rolled her eyes and pulled a live fish from the water. "How about a fish stew?" 
"Yay, that sounds amazing!" Erin clapped her hands excitedly. 
Fish stew took a bit more work, so while Keira was cleaning and prepping the fish, Erin rambled on, "I saw the latest news about you. Olsen Group shares took a dive, and yet you don't seem worried at all! And Lewis over here looks as calm as ever. It makes me think there's something big going on behind the scenes!" 
Keira's eyebrow twitched. 
Erin chuckled. "So I'm guessing—hasn't there been word that Dr. Brandt is returning from overseas?" 
The knife in Keira's hand froze mid-cut. She turned around, and the blade was suddenly so close to Erin's face that one more inch would've left a nasty cut on that smooth cheek. 
Keira's eyes were icy. "I'm warning you—don't mess with them." 
These scientists had endured years of public disgrace for the sake of their country. Now that they finally had the chance to come home, they deserved to do so safely. 
But Erin wasn't fazed. She just kept smiling. "Relax! I'm on your side, remember? My job here is to support Crera, and Crera getting stronger means I get more resources, too! So trust me, I'm not the one blocking their return." 
Keira's eyes narrowed even further. "So you're saying…" 
"I told you already, there are nine candidates for the South family inheritance. Besides you, me, and Vera, there are still six others who are eyeing you like a hawk." Erin casually picked up a cucumber from the counter and took a loud, crunchy bite. 
Keira frowned. 
It clicked for her then. She immediately pulled out her phone and called Uncle Olsen. "Dad, can we pretend to cut ties for four days?" 
"What?" he responded, bewildered. 
"Just four days." 
"…I guess? How exactly do you plan to do that?" 
Erin's earlier words might've sounded like a threat, but they were actually a warning! 
14:41 
After explaining things to her master, Keira ended the call and turned back to Erin. "Thanks." 
"Just post something on social media." 
Keira hung up without waiting for more questions. Next, she dialed her master's number. "Hey, Master, can we also pretend we're cutting ties for four days?" 
Her master's voice was filled with exasperation. "What mess are you stirring up this time? The sect can't keep covering for you, you know." 
Keira sighed. "It's just that someone reminded me that the better I look in public, the more suspicious it makes me seem." 
Erin was right. The other South family heirs had no idea that Uncle Olsen, Lewis, and her master were fiercely protective of her. Seeing those three standing by her so openly was bound to make them suspect Dr. Brandt's involvement. 
After all, old Mr. Sims was labeled a traitor because of Dr. Brandt's case, and Keira's defense of him would only raise more eyebrows. 
The whole mess could only be cleaned up by proving Dr. Brandt's innocence. It was like old Mr. Sims—those who knew the truth were forced to stay silent while he endured relentless pressure in his isolated post. Only by keeping up appearances could they convince outsiders that they were truly stuck in a tough spot. 
Erin's earlier words might've sounded like a threat, but they were actually a warning! 
After explaining things to her master, Keira ended the call and turned back to Erin. "Thanks." 
Erin immediately flashed a cheeky grin. "A verbal thank you isn't enough! If you're really grateful, how about another dish?" 
Keira paused. "Fine." 
Erin blinked in surprise. "Wait, you're that agreeable? You're not planning to poison the food, are you? Now I'm suddenly scared to eat it!" 
Keira deadpanned. "Then don't eat." 
Erin giggled. "No way! Even if it's poisoned, I'd still eat every bite." 
"…." 
Keira shot her an exasperated look. "Alright, spill the next South family secret." 
###Chapter 685
685 Chapter 684 
Erin's eyes were almost glued to the frying pan. 
She spoke up, "The answer to your question is the ocean." 
Keira paused, recalling her earlier question. If the South family's secret location was on land, it would be relatively easy to find. A forest would be smaller, but if it were the ocean, it would be almost impossible to locate, given its vast expanse. 
Her brow furrowed. 
Erin noticed her reaction and added, "Don't stress too much; overthinking will just give you wrinkles!" 
Keira continued cooking and asked, "So, what are the next two secrets about the South family?" 
"Sure." 
Erin grinned. "I know you're worried about your mom. Don't worry; she's okay for now. Since you're one of the successors, they won't kill her even if they capture her. They'd only do that if you fail and she becomes useless. For now, she's only suffering some superficial injuries." 
The mention of "superficial injuries" made Keira's hand tremble slightly. The knife she was using to clean the fish began to show uneven cuts. 
Erin quickly interrupted, "Hey, focus on cooking!" 
Keira looked at her. "What kind of superficial injuries?" 
Erin rolled her eyes. "The South family uses public flogging as punishment. If someone escapes and is caught again, they receive weekly lashes as a public warning." 
Keira's fingers tightened around the knife. "How many lashes per week?" 
"Five," Erin replied casually. 
Keira's breathing became rapid. 
So, during these four months, while she'd been trying to rescue her mother, Jodie South had already received sixty lashes? 
Noticing Keira's distress, Erin tried to comfort her. "Hey, don't worry too much. It's not as bad as it sounds. "The lashes are meant to humiliate more than cause real pain. The old-fashioned lashes had barbs and would tear flesh, but now it's just bamboo strips. It hurts a bit, but the main damage is the humiliation. Consider this explanation a bonus—no secrets deducted!" 
Keira understood. Even if the lashes didn't hurt much, being publicly flogged was deeply shameful. 
She still felt sorry for her mother. 
She continued to cook and asked, "When will this contest among the successors end?" 
"This is your fourth question for today!" Erin said with a playful, high-pitched tone that made her voice sound almost endearing. 
Keira couldn't help but feel a bit conflicted. Even though she knew Erin was her rival, it was hard to dislike her. Despite Erin's previous actions that had angered her, Keira found it difficult to stay mad when faced with Erin's cute, hungry demeanor. 
As Keira pondered this, Erin continued, "I'd estimate that the contest will end this year. They're in a hurry to choose the next successor." 
Keira asked, "Why's that?" 
"The previous successor's health is deteriorating, so they need to appoint someone new to take over the South family's affairs. Anyway, that's all for today's secrets! Hurry up with the cooking; I'm eager to eat!" 
Keira sighed as she finished preparing the meal. … 
Erin ate voraciously, and when she was done, she stood up with a satisfied grin, patting her stomach. She gave Keira a thumbs up and said, "I never thought the best food would be here with you! Keira, can I come by for a meal every day?" 
Keira was about to respond when Erin added, "One secret per dish! But just so you know, there are some things I won't reveal." 
With that, Erin bounced cheerfully up the stairs, her happiness apparent. 
Keira watched her go, and Lewis approached, asking, "What's wrong?" 
"I have this feeling…" Keira said with a frown. "It seems like she's not treating me as a competitor. It's almost like she's trying to guide me. 
"One secret per dish… It seems like Erin is the one taking the risk in this deal." 
Lewis nodded in agreement. "It does seem like she's not seeing you as an opponent. More like she's preparing you." 
Keira frowned. 
As they were talking, Oliver and Nathan burst in. Nathan pointed at Keira and declared, "The Olsen family and the Freeman Sect have severed their ties with her. Lewis, I demand that you immediately cancel the engagement!"
###Chapter 686
686 Chapter 685 
Lewis frowned. 
Keira glanced at him and nodded slightly. 
She had already called her father, Uncle Olsen, and the Freeman Sect's leader. Both had responded promptly, showing just how fast things could move. 
Now, the only person left was Lewis. 
Keira moved closer, ready to explain her reasons, but Lewis spoke first. "If something happens to you, some people will take advantage of it, and others will distance themselves to avoid getting caught in the mess. But someone has to stand up for you. Since my reputation as a love-struck fool is already out there, I might as well embrace it." 
Keira was at a loss for words. 
Lewis was right. She couldn't overcompensate just to appease outsiders, or it would seem insincere. 
If the three families released statements severing ties, it would look like a show… 
Clearing her throat, Keira said softly, "Then I'm sorry for the trouble." 
"Serving my wife is no trouble at all." Lewis replied with a soft laugh. 
Their exchange caught Oliver's attention, and he sneered. "Dad, did you see that? My little brother is completely enchanted by this woman! He's disregarding the reputation of the Horton Group!" 
Nathan's face tightened. "Lewis, if you don't cut ties with her, get out of this house!" 
Lewis was about to stand up and declare his loyalty to Keira when a sharp "slap" interrupted him. He turned to see old Mrs. Horton standing up in anger, glaring at Nathan and Oliver. 
Unaware of the full context, old Mrs. Horton was visibly furious. Her chest heaved as she pointed at Nathan and Oliver, shouting, "Both of you, be quiet!" 
She took a shaky step forward with her cane, directly pointing at Nathan. "Is this how I raised you? If everyone bails when disaster strikes, who can we trust in this family?" 
Nathan was taken aback. 
Old Mrs. Horton turned her gaze to Oliver. "And you! You're so cold-hearted that you abandon people at the first sign of trouble. And you still ask me for shares? How can I trust you with the Horton Group?" 
Oliver stiffened. "Grandma, that's not fair. Look at the Olsen family and the Freeman Sect. They've distanced themselves too. Her own family and mentor have turned their backs on her. We can't risk the Horton Group being dragged down by her." 
Old Mrs. Horton took a deep breath. "I don't care about others, but I can control you! To me, Keira is already my granddaughter-in-law. You two get out! And don't ever bring up severing ties again!" 
Nathan argued, "Mom, do you realize how severe the public backlash is? The Olsen Group's stock has dropped by ten percent. The Horton Group is being criticized online, and if we don't disassociate ourselves, people might boycott our products!" 
Oliver immediately pulled out his phone. "Grandma, let me read some comments for you." 
"I thought the Olsen Group was involved, but they cleared things up quickly. Restored their reputation." 
"Stock down ten percent. Looks like they've realized their mistake. Next on the chopping block? @Horton Group. Heard Miss Olsen is your CEO's fiancée!" 
"Horton Group hasn't said a word. A reporter even spotted Miss Olsen at the Horton house, proving you're backing her. Such a disgrace. Unfollowed…" 
"Ugh, I used to buy their products, but not anymore!" 
"Just canceled everything I bought online!" 
"If I could return my house, I'd do it. The cost is just too high…" 
"…" 
The comments kept coming, and the online discussion was relentless. 
Nathan said urgently, "Mom, you see? The Horton Group is being condemned online. If we don't respond, our stock will plummet!" 
Old Mrs. Horton responded resolutely, "Let it drop. Under Lewis's management, our stock has risen by twenty percent. A ten percent drop won't ruin us." 
Nathan was speechless. 
Before he could respond, old Mrs. Horton shooed them away. "Get out! Stop embarrassing yourselves here!" 
Nathan and Oliver exchanged glances, sighed, and left in frustration. 
Once they were gone, old Mrs. Horton turned to Keira. "Don't be afraid, Keira. As long as I'm here, no one will trouble you!" 
Keira moved closer to Mrs. Horton and took her arm. "Grandma, don't worry. My issues will be resolved in four days." 
She didn't want to add to old Mrs. Horton's worries, especially given her age. 
Old Mrs. Horton's eyes brightened as she relaxed. She patted Keira's hand. "I knew you weren't one to shy away from responsibility. There must be something we don't know. But as long as you have a clear conscience, don't worry about what others say." 
Keira nodded. 
At that moment, Erin came downstairs, holding her phone. "Charles sent me a message. He and the other brothers are waiting outside." 
--- 
Outside the Horton house, all of Keira's brothers had arrived except for Ellis. James, who was closest to Keira, stepped forward, concern etched on his face. "Sis, I understand. Holly Sims, your best friend, is in trouble. It's only natural you stepped up. Even if it was a mistake, it's unfair for Uncle to kick you out. You should go speak with him and smooth things over." 
Keira was about to respond when another car pulled up. 
The door opened, and Uncle Olsen stepped out, striding toward them. 
The brothers immediately stood at attention as Uncle Olsen approached and shot a fierce look at Keira. "Come with me." 
Keira nodded obediently and followed him to the side. 
The brothers watched in shock. 
James was puzzled. "Is Uncle scolding our cousin? Should we intervene?" 
Charles said, "Uncle usually dotes on her. If he's suddenly kicking her out, it must be to appease the shareholders, not to scold her." 
Almost as soon as he spoke, Uncle Olsen's face darkened. "What are you doing?" 
His tone was harsh. 
James and Charles hurried forward, placing themselves protectively around Keira. 
James, with a forced smile, said, "Uncle, let's talk this over calmly…" 
Charles added, "Yes, Uncle, she's a girl. Please don't be too harsh…"
###Chapter 687
687 Chapter 686 
After exchanging a look, James couldn't help but sigh inwardly. 
As "Keera's" older cousin, it was his responsibility to stand up for her! 
Sure, her actions might've been a bit over the top, but she had her reasons. Besides, "Keera" was the only girl in the family—how could he just stand by and do nothing? 
James made up his mind then and there. Even if it meant risking getting an earful from Uncle Olsen, he'd protect his cousin today! 
He stepped forward and stood in front of Uncle Olsen, squaring his shoulders. "Uncle, if you've got something to say, take it out on me!" 
Charles quickly added, "Yeah, count me in!" 
But right after they spoke, Uncle Olsen said to "Keera," "You want me to publicly announce that we've cut ties? Let me tell you, I'm giving you four days. Four days from now, no matter what's happening on your end, I'll make sure you're back home, and I'll do it in style!" 
James and Charles blinked in confusion. What? 
James turned to look at "Keera," still puzzled. 
She gave a resigned shrug. "Okay, Dad. I understand." 
James's mind raced. Wait. "Keera" asked Uncle Olsen to kick her out of the house? 
His mouth twitched as he looked back at Uncle Olsen, unable to resist asking, "Uncle, aren't you known for being super patriotic?" 
Uncle Olsen's reputation in Clance was built on the respect everyone had for his principles. Being the leader of the five major families, the Olsen Group was always the first to answer national calls, never hesitating to contribute whenever they could. 
The Olsen Group's strong sense of patriotism made them widely loved by the public. If this scandal had involved any other family, their business would've collapsed by now. 
The Olsen Group held strong through this crisis largely thanks to Uncle Olsen's leadership, which was why he was held in such high regard in the business world. 
Uncle Olsen glanced at James and asked, "Is there a problem?" 
"No, no problem at all. I was just curious—what exactly did Keera do that made you decide to punish her?" James asked cautiously. 
Uncle Olsen gave him a sidelong look and scoffed. "Punish her? She didn't commit murder or arson, so why would I punish her?" 
James nearly choked. "Seriously? For the rest of us, the slightest mistake gets us lectured or punished, but for Keera, she practically has to break the law before there's any talk of consequences?" 
The favoritism was unbelievable! 
Of course, James didn't dare say that out loud. He just let out a deep sigh of relief, glad that Uncle wasn't truly at odds with "Keera." 
After all, she was the only girl in the family! 
With that settled, Uncle Olsen handed Keira a bank card. "There's a few million in here. Use it as you need. If you're staying at someone else's place, don't rely on their money." 
He said it as casually as if he were giving her pocket change. 
James was speechless. 
Keira took the card and was about to say something, but Uncle Olsen waved her off, held up four fingers, and got into his car before driving away. 
She could only tuck the card into her pocket, her lips twitching. 
James leaned in. "If you don't want it, you could always pass it to me." 
Keira immediately pocketed the card more securely. 
Charles gave James a disapproving look. "Really, James? You're asking your cousin for money? Have some shame!" 
James was quick to defend himself. "I wasn't serious. I was just saying." 
As they were talking, another car suddenly pulled up. James immediately straightened up. "The Sect Leader is here!" 
It was rare for the Sect Leader to leave his place. If he was here, was it also because of "Keera"? 
James couldn't help but glance over at "Keera." 
The car stopped in front of them, and the window rolled down to reveal the Sect Leader's face. He didn't even bother getting out, looking thoroughly displeased. 
Seeing his expression, James thought this time, the Sect Leader was definitely here to reprimand "Keera." After all, the backlash online had been intense, and the Sect Leader was even more patriotic than Uncle Olsen! 
But then, to everyone's surprise, the Sect Leader snapped, "I have no idea what you're playing at, but I'm telling you, four days! You've got four days, and then you better be back at the sect! Or else I'll… I'll…" 
He trailed off, clearly struggling to come up with a threat. Seeing Keira's indifferent expression, he finally spat out, "I'll cry if you don't!" 
Keira looked exasperated. 
James felt even more at a loss. 
"Seriously, Sect Leader, where's your patriotic duty?" 
The Freeman Sect's first rule was literally, "Never betray your country!" 
Just as that thought crossed his mind, the Sect Leader turned to him. "What are you standing around for? Listen up—take Keera as an example of what not to do. Don't engage in anything that could harm the country, and don't make any statements that damage our national dignity. Understood?" 
James was dumbfounded. "Am I and Keera really under the same Sect Leader?" 
He was deep in doubt. 
After the Sect Leader left, James turned to "Keera," his lips twitching. "Sis, I'm starting to think we don't even live in the same world." 
Keira patted his shoulder. "Don't doubt yourself. You're on the right track." 
James sighed, then spoke seriously. "But you really did mess up this time. I think you should apologize to the public…"
###Chapter 688
688 Chapter 687 
James was full of concern, carefully watching "Keera's" expression as he spoke, worried she might get upset. 
But seeing her face remain completely expressionless, he awkwardly coughed before saying, "Cousin, if you really don't want to apologize, just let it slide. People forget things quickly, and in a few days, this will all blow over." 
Keira waved her hand dismissively, not interested in responding, and turned to head back to the Horton residence. 
But just as she turned, she noticed Marisa and Selena lurking nearby. They quickly ducked out of sight when they realized they'd been caught. Keira's brows knit in irritation. They had clearly been snooping. 
Given the distance between her and Uncle Olsen and the Sect Leader earlier, it was doubtful those two had heard anything of substance. But seeing the suspicious way Selena was eyeing her, it was clear they were guessing something. 
Suddenly, Keira turned toward James and raised her voice, "Do you also think I'm embarrassing the family? Do you expect me to apologize? Well, let me tell you—it's not happening!" 
James blinked in confusion. "What? No, that's not what I meant. I was just—" 
But before he could finish, Keira cut him off, "I might not come from some grand family like you all, so I don't understand the 'sacrifices' you make for family interests. What I do know is that Holly is my friend, and I'm going to stand by her!" 
James was even more bewildered. "Cousin, what are you even talking about? I—" 
"Enough! I'm not apologizing, not even if Dad and the Sect Leader show up and demand it! You've already cut ties with me, so why are you still trying to interfere?" 
With that, Keira spun around and stormed into the house, slamming the iron gate shut behind her with a loud clang. 
James stood there, stunned. 
He exchanged a puzzled look with Charles. "What just happened?" 
Charles was equally baffled. "No clue!" 
As they stood there, trying to make sense of things, the sound of pistachio shells cracking echoed from behind them. They turned to see Erin approaching, casually munching on snacks. 
She stopped in front of Charles, grinning. "You guys really can't figure it out?" 
James and Charles immediately asked, "What's going on?" 
Erin smirked. "Keira's on her period, and her mood's all over the place. You two just had the bad luck of catching her at the wrong time." 
With that, Keira spun around and stormed into the house, slamming the iron gate shut behind her with a loud clang. 
Charles was equally baffled. "No clue!" 
James stood there, stunned. 
As they stood there, trying to make sense of things, the sound of pistachio shells cracking echoed from behind them. They turned to see Erin approaching, casually munching on snacks. 
He exchanged a puzzled look with Charles. "What just happened?" 
She stopped in front of Charles, grinning. "You guys really can't figure it out?" 
James blinked in surprise. "Oh." 
Charles sighed in relief. "That explains it." 
Erin patted them on the shoulders. "Alright, time to head home. Nothing to worry about! I'm heading inside." 
She walked past them to the iron gate and knocked. When the guard saw her, he immediately smiled. "Miss Martin, please come in!" 
Erin nodded and handed him a handful of pistachios. "Thanks for the hard work!" 
Her sweet, charming demeanor was impossible to resist. 
Meanwhile, Keira, now back inside, was glaring at Selena and Marisa with obvious irritation. 
Selena crossed her arms and remarked, "Keira, don't take this the wrong way, but what you're doing is really bringing shame to the family. The Olsens have already distanced themselves, and even the Freeman Sect has cut ties. If you keep this up, the Hortons might decide they don't want you either." 
Marisa nodded in agreement. "Exactly. You're married now, so you should listen to Lewis more and think about the Horton family's reputation. You're not the Olsen family's star anymore. You need to start considering your future standing." 
Keira raised an eyebrow, about to retort, when a voice cut in from behind her, "I hear that back in the day, some women had to bind their feet. I guess nowadays it's not the feet—they're binding their brains." 
Marisa's face stiffened. 
Keira glanced over to see Erin standing beside her, still munching on pistachios. Erin continued, "It's embarrassing just looking at you. No wonder you're only good for being a side chick, slinking around like that. You want to be a homemaker? Fine, but keep it to yourself and stop dragging others down." 
With that, Erin stepped forward, brushing past Marisa and Selena. 
Keira's lips twitched into a faint smile as she followed Erin. She had to admit that Erin's sharp and lively personality made her a perfect ally. With her around, Keira hardly needed to say a word. 
The two walked past Selena and Marisa and headed back to old Mrs. Horton's room. 
… 
Three days later, late at night. 
Keira and Lewis had both dressed in black, ready to head out. 
Lewis whispered, "Professor Barry Brandt is attempting to sneak back into the country tonight. I don't trust the situation, so I'm going to help with the extraction." 
If the operation failed, Barry's return to Crera could be delayed indefinitely, which would drag out Keira's chances of clearing her name even longer. That was why she and Lewis decided to take action. 
They were just stepping out when they saw Erin grinning at them from the doorway. "Heading out? Take me with you!"
###Chapter 689
689 Chapter 688 
Erin had been waiting outside for who knows how long. Judging by the number of pistachio shells in the trash can beside her, she had been there for quite some time. 
She had even dragged a chair from somewhere and parked it right there, sitting comfortably like she was waiting for something to happen. 
When Keira spotted her, she immediately frowned and exchanged a quick look with Lewis. 
Their mission tonight was to head to the border—a dangerous operation to help Barry Brandt return home. It was crucial that everything went smoothly, with no unnecessary complications. 
Erin was unpredictable. One moment, she was cheerful and agreeable; the next, she was impossible to read. Keira couldn't afford to bring someone like that along, not with stakes this high. 
But Erin just got up from her chair, completely unbothered, and chirped, "Let's go! I'm all set!" 
She patted the small backpack she had slung over her shoulder. 
"What exactly are you 'set' with?" Keira asked suspiciously. 
They were traveling light, carrying only what was necessary for the mission. 
Erin, without the slightest hint of shame, replied, "Pistachios, of course! It's a long drive to the border, right? Gotta have snacks, or it'll be so boring!" 
Keira stared at her, trying to keep her patience. "Erin, you know I'm not taking you with us." 
Erin grinned mischievously. "Then I'll just let the other South family heirs know what you're up to!" 
Keira's eyes turned cold in an instant. 
Erin leaned in, voice laced with mock innocence, "Or better yet, I don't even need to tell them. I could just tip off Country A—after all, Barry Brandt is trying to defect from them…" 
Keira lunged forward, intent on restraining her, but Erin anticipated the move and tried to dodge. However, she wasn't nearly as agile as Keira, who quickly caught her and pinned her arms behind her back. 
"Ow, ow, ow! Keira, let go!" Erin yelped, wriggling in pain. 
Keira didn't budge. 
Erin glanced up at her. "I've already set up a timed email. If you try to keep me here, that email gets sent out in two hours. I'm the only one who can stop it. You can tie me up or even kill me, but the intel will get out either way!" 
Keira narrowed her eyes in frustration. 
Erin batted her lashes playfully. "Your best bet is to take me with you. Keep an eye on me the whole time, and that way, you can relax!" 
Keira sighed, realizing Erin had her cornered. 
If it were anyone else, Keira would've dealt with them already. But Erin, with her spoiled, princess-like demeanor, was just too delicate to hit. 
Taking a deep breath, Keira finally released her. 
Lewis stepped forward. "Let her come." 
Keira looked over at Erin, still conflicted. 
Even though they were technically rivals, Keira couldn't bring herself to genuinely dislike Erin, who, despite her antics, never seemed to mean any harm. 
"On this trip…" Keira began. 
"I'll be on my best behavior!" Erin interrupted, eyes wide with exaggerated innocence. She raised two fingers in a scout's promise. "Cross my heart!" 
Her expression was almost rabbit-like in its sincerity. 
Keira just shook her head, giving up on arguing. She and Lewis headed downstairs, with Erin happily skipping behind them, still snacking on pistachios. 
When they reached the parking lot, Keira and Lewis chose the most reliable vehicle for the trip. 
"I'll drive," Lewis said. "We're on a tight schedule." 
"Fine by me." 
Keira climbed into the passenger seat, securing her backpack beside her. 
She was just getting settled when she heard rustling from the backseat. Turning around, she was shocked to see Erin inflating an air mattress. Within minutes, Erin had transformed the backseat into her personal cozy nook, complete with a blanket, pillow, and even a small folding table she'd somehow hauled out of her own car. 
Erin stretched out on her makeshift bed, took a sip from a teacup she'd brought along, and sighed contentedly. "Ah, too many pistachios. They make you thirsty… Why are you two staring at me? Let's get going!" 
Keira's jaw clenched. "Is she serious?" 
Lewis could only chuckle, shaking his head in disbelief as he started the engine. 
As they drove, Keira occasionally glanced back. After a while, she noticed the soft, rhythmic sound of breathing. Turning around, she saw Erin curled up in her blanket, fast asleep. 
Completely unguarded. 
Keira stared for a moment, then whispered to Lewis, "Is she really that confident I won't hurt her?" 
Lewis kept his eyes on the road. "Keira, you might act all tough and aloof, but deep down, you're a softie." 
"What?" Keira blinked, taken aback. "Soft? Me?" 
Lewis smirked. "She's got you all figured out." 
Keira sighed, realizing he was right. 
--- 
They drove for twelve hours straight, finally arriving at the border by dawn. 
Cautious and alert, Keira and Lewis disembarked, with Erin trailing behind. Together, they boarded a boat to cross into Country A and ensure Barry Brandt's safe return to Crera.
###Chapter 690
690 Chapter 689 
Keira and her team set out under the cover of night. 
Standing on the deck, Keira stared ahead. The night sea was an endless stretch of pitch black, an abyss with no bottom in sight. 
Lewis stood behind her and asked, "You scared?" 
"Of what?" Keira shot back. 
This dark, empty sea was just like the life she'd lived in the shadows—nothing new or frightening about it. 
Lewis's tone remained calm. "It's about a four-hour trip to the Country A border. No signal out here, just satellite phones. I just got word that Professor Barry Brandt's already en route. We shouldn't run into any trouble. If everything goes smoothly, we'll pick him up and head straight back home." 
Keira nodded, then asked, "And if it doesn't go smoothly?" 
"Then we move to Plan B. Don't worry—we're getting him back, one way or another," Lewis said with the kind of steady confidence that put Keira at ease. 
She didn't know much about Lewis's connections abroad, but hearing him speak so assuredly made her nod again. "You know people in Country A?" 
He nodded. "I know a few." 
He then reached out and gave her a reassuring pat on the head. "Either way, no need to stress tonight." 
Keira nodded once more. 
"Teehee…" 
A teasing laugh interrupted their conversation. Both of them turned to see Erin leaning casually against the ship's railing, still snacking on pistachios. Noticing their attention, she grinned. "Go on, don't mind me. Watching you two lovebirds is way more entertaining than I thought. Even someone like Mr. Horton knows how to tell little white lies, huh?" 
Keira frowned. "What lies?" 
Erin pouted. "If there's really no danger, why would Mr. Horton be here with you in person? You two are the strongest fighters in your whole crew, right?" 
Lewis shot her a cold glare. 
Erin immediately mimed zipping her lips shut. "Alright, alright, I'll stop poking holes in your story! But honestly, Keira's not exactly the type who needs a pep talk. So what's with the comforting words?" 
Lewis's face darkened further. 
Erin didn't stop. "Oh, I get it now! Is it because Keira's afraid of the water? I remember hearing something about how Keira and Keera almost drowned in Oceanion? And Keera… didn't make it out, right?" 
Keira's gaze turned sharp. 
Lewis's expression grew even more menacing, but Erin wasn't the least bit scared of him. It was only when Keira's cold stare landed on her that Erin finally closed her mouth. 
She still acted tough but at least went quiet. 
Keira turned her attention back to the dark ocean. 
Erin's comment had hit close to home. 
She was, in fact, uneasy. The ocean had almost taken her life once, and it had claimed her sister's. Those memories made her wary of the water even now. 
Lewis's reassuring words had eased that tension, but Erin's insistence on digging into it wasn't exactly helpful. 
Keira furrowed her brows and refocused on the sea ahead. 
The boat sped across the waves, and true to Lewis's word, they arrived near the Country A coast four hours later. 
As they neared the shore, all the lights and engines were shut off. They let the boat drift in silently until they were close enough to land. Then they hid quietly, waiting in the darkness. 
Lewis checked his phone. "Five minutes. Professor Brandt should be here soon." 
As he spoke, Keira noticed shadows moving along the coastline. 
"Border patrol," Lewis explained. 
Keira's heart raced. But he quickly added, "Don't worry. They'll be gone in under a minute. We've timed everything perfectly." 
Sure enough, the patrol officers swept the area with their flashlights and then moved on, leaving the coast clear. 
Keira finally exhaled a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding. 
Erin sidled over, her breathing a little heavier. "This is so nerve-wracking… feels like we're pulling off a heist or something…" 
Keira just shot her an exasperated look before returning her focus to the shoreline. 
Erin continued with a cheeky smile. "You think it's really going to go off without a hitch?" 
Keira eyed her. "As long as you don't stir up trouble, everything will go according to plan." 
Just as she finished speaking, headlights appeared in the distance. 
"They're here," Lewis said calmly. 
Erin blinked in surprise. "Only one car?" 
Lewis glanced at her dismissively. "We're extracting Professor Brandt, not his entire research team. We're not here for a mass evacuation, so what were you expecting?" 
Erin pouted. "Geez, no need to be so harsh." 
"Too noisy," Keira muttered, shutting her up instantly. 
Lewis didn't know what to say. 
Keira's tension grew as the car drew closer. Her jaw clenched as she focused intently on its approach. 
Almost there… 
Just a few more seconds and the car would be right at the dock. Then they could extract Professor Brandt and be on their way… 
But just as everything seemed to be going according to plan, the same patrol officers from earlier suddenly reappeared, flashlights blazing as they surrounded the car. 
"Freeze!" 
Motorcycles roared to life, closing in and blocking the vehicle from the front and rear.
###Chapter 691
691 Chapter 690 
Keira froze, her body suddenly tense as she stared straight ahead. Without hesitation, she was about to jump off the boat to rescue the person in the water. But in the next moment, Lewis firmly grabbed her arm, stopping her. Keira turned to him with urgent eyes. "Aren't we going to help them?" 
Lewis shook his head. "They're official personnel. We can't act recklessly." 
Keira frowned. 
Behind them, Erin let out a mocking laugh. "You were so confident just a moment ago. And now look at this mess! How utterly useless!" 
Keira spun around and glared at Erin. 
Caught off guard by Keira's intense stare, Erin stammered, "W-What? Are you accusing me?" 
Keira's gaze remained fixed on Erin, her voice cold. "If it wasn't you, then who else could it be?" 
Erin lifted her chin defiantly, her eyes full of stubbornness. "Yes, it was me! We're enemies, after all. What's wrong with me causing trouble for you? We're both contenders for the South family's inheritance. Why did you trust me so easily?" 
As she spoke, Erin reached into her pocket. 
Keira's eyes widened, and she instinctively gripped a silver needle, ready to act if Erin tried anything with a gun. But instead of pulling out a weapon to attack, Erin produced a silver handgun and handed it to Keira, pressing the barrel against her own forehead. "Go ahead, then! Kill me!" 
Keira was stunned. 
Erin stared at her with a mix of anger and challenge. "You think you can accuse me and get away with it? If you want to clear your doubts, killing me is your best option!" 
Keira was speechless. 
Erin added, "Do you think this gun is empty?" She then fired a shot into the air, the silenced gun making only a faint sound, but the bullet pierced through the boat's deck, proving it was loaded. 
Erin, still fuming, glared at Keira. "Come on, shoot me!" 
Keira remained silent. 
Taking a deep breath, Keira finally said, "You insisted on coming along. Now that things have gone wrong, I'm supposed to ignore you?" 
Erin, like a defiant wife unfairly accused, pouted. "So just shoot me if you think I'm the problem!" 
"Enough!" Keira snapped. 
Erin immediately fell silent, but she continued to sulk and glare off into the distance, clearly upset. "This is too much. Absolutely too much!" 
Keira ignored Erin and turned her attention back to the shore. 
Lewis frowned deeply. 
They were too far away to hear the conversation onshore, but they could see the car being forced to stop, with officials from Crera surrounding it and pulling the passengers out. 
Keira took a deep breath. "Are we just going to watch?" 
Lewis explained, "You can see about fifty people, but they've been aware of this situation for a while. There are likely at least five hundred more hidden nearby. If we make a move, we'll be captured immediately." 
Keira's anxiety grew, but seeing Lewis's serious expression, she held back her frustration. 
Professor Barry Brandt was a valuable scientist, and even if he was captured by Crera's officials, his life wouldn't be at risk. 
There wasn't much to worry about regarding his safety. 
However... 
"How will you clear Keira's name if Professor Brandt doesn't return to the country?" Erin spoke up again. "If I were you and truly cared about her, I'd find a way to rescue him, even if it meant facing thousands of people onshore!" 
Lewis turned to Erin. "Then why don't you go?" 
Erin was momentarily speechless before huffing, "I'm not her husband!" 
Lewis didn't say a word. 
He turned to the ship's captain and ordered, "Take us back." 
"Yes, sir." 
The boat quietly began to turn, heading back to Crera. 
Keira watched the shoreline recede with a frown. 
Erin continued to grumble. "You made such a big deal about Plan B, but now we're just sneaking away? What a waste!" 
She added, "You're so useless!" 
"Keira, why are you still with this guy? Break up with him before it's too late!" 
Neither Keira nor Lewis responded. 
Erin, still fuming, pulled out some pistachios and began eating them with a crunch. 
But her frustration didn't subside. She looked back at them and asked, "Aren't you worried? With Barry Brandt captured, it'll be nearly impossible to get him back for at least six months to a year. And if he doesn't return, your reputation will remain tainted!" 
Keira responded calmly, "If I'm not worried, why should you be?" 
Erin was momentarily silenced. 
Lewis added, "You're worrying more than the person directly affected. It's like the assistant being more anxious than the person in charge." 
Erin's eyes widened. "Who are you calling an assistant? You're the one acting like an assistant!" 
After sulking for a moment, she couldn't help but ask again, "So what's the plan now?" 
Keira glanced at Lewis. 
The boat was now far from Crera, but Lewis seemed increasingly calm. 
She asked, "Is Plan B going smoothly?" 
Lewis smiled and said, "You really can't miss a thing, can you?"
###Chapter 692 Chapter 691
692 Chapter 691 
Erin immediately inquired, "What's this Plan B? Haven't we failed?" 
Keira turned to her, "What exactly did we accomplish?" 
Erin scrutinized the two of them. They had done nothing more than travel a long distance, arriving here only to witness Professor Barry Brandt being captured. 
Erin frowned, and after a moment of thought, she seemed to understand. "So, it's all a diversion! The real rescue mission must have already been set in motion!" 
Lewis checked the time and nodded. "Everyone knows the quickest route from Country A to Crera is through this river, so it's heavily guarded here. But Professor Brandt took a different route." 
Erin's eyes widened in realization. "Another route would take a whole day by sea and pass through a dangerous strait. No one would expect him to go that way… Lewis, you're quite cunning!" 
Lewis gave her a sidelong glance but didn't respond. Instead, he turned his gentle gaze to Keira and explained, "Professor Brandt has just boarded a ship and left Crera. He'll likely return to Crera around this time tomorrow." 
Keira nodded in understanding. 
Erin, however, scoffed. "I doubt Professor Brandt will make it back." 
Keira looked at her. "Why do you think that?" 
Erin pulled out her phone, opened a map, and showed it to Keira. "Are you familiar with maritime routes? Although this river is the shortest route from Crera, the authorities there are aware that Professor Brandt might choose an alternative route. But they haven't fortified the other direction because it involves the Trident Strait!" 
She pointed to a location on the map. 
Keira stared at it, puzzled. "The Trident Strait?" 
Erin's disdain was palpable. "Don't you know anything? The world's largest surface is the ocean. Maritime routes are crucial for global trade." 
Keira nodded. "I'm aware of that." 
"Good," Erin continued. "Sea transport is essential for trade because it's much cheaper compared to air freight. But you should also know that pirates still exist." 
Keira blinked in surprise. "Pirates?" 
Erin pointed to a spot on the map. "There's an island here where a group of pirates live. They survive by raiding ships. They're known as the Trident Pirates!" 
She continued, "Because of these pirates, this sea route has never been opened up. Ships always have to detour, making it dangerous for Professor Brandt to travel through there." 
Keira's eyes widened in disbelief. "Are there still pirates in the world?" 
Lewis chuckled softly. "Yes, there are. The competition over maritime routes happens behind the scenes, so it's not well-known. These pirates control key straits, making them very important for navigation." 
He added, "If a maritime route is opened up, the time and fuel savings are significant, lowering the cost of shipping goods substantially. So, there's fierce competition over these straits." 
Keira was astonished, feeling like she had discovered a new world. 
She understood the importance of transportation and how essential it was for economic development. Disruptions in transportation could lead to isolation. 
But she hadn't realized there were still maritime challenges in the modern era. 
Erin spoke again. "You mentioned the pirates, but you didn't say how fierce they are. Do you know that anyone passing through their territory has to pay a hefty toll? The fees are so high that ships prefer to detour rather than risk encountering them. Professor Brandt would certainly be detained!" 
Keira turned to Lewis. "Did you make arrangements with the pirates?" 
If the pirates could collect tolls from cargo ships, they could certainly do the same with people! 
Before Lewis could answer, Erin snorted. "It wouldn't help if he tried. No amount of money would work. We all know Professor Brandt's value is immeasurable. The pirates know it, too! They're involved in weapon development and research, and Professor Brandt is the scientist they need!" 
Erin glared at Lewis, clearly frustrated. "Don't underestimate the pirates. If they were weak, they'd have been taken down by surrounding nations long ago. They're formidable opponents, familiar with the sea and its geography. They're a tough nut to crack!" 
###Chapter 693 Chapter 692
693 Chapter 692 
Keira glanced nervously at Lewis upon hearing Erin's words. Lewis's lips curled into a faint smile. 
Realizing that Lewis must have already made arrangements with the pirates of the Trident Strait, Keira understood that they would likely release Professor Barry Brandt. 
Seeing the two of them so relaxed, Erin grew more anxious. "You need to inform the higher-ups immediately! This is serious! I've dealt with the Trident Strait's King before—he doesn't respond to reason." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "King?" 
Erin nodded. "Yes, their leader is called King. He's a notorious pirate who took control of the Trident Strait five years ago. His crew is formidable, and he's known for his ruthless methods." 
She leaned in and whispered to Keira, "If you can build a good relationship with King, it could significantly boost your chances for the successor position!" 
Keira fixed her gaze on Erin. "So you're actually helping me rather than being a rival." 
Erin looked puzzled. "What are you talking about?" 
Taking a step back, Erin tossed a pistachio into her mouth and said, "I'm just trying to warn you about the Trident Strait issue. Can you focus on that?" 
Keira crossed her arms and stared at her. "The fact that you're helping me does matter. What's our relationship really like? That's a crucial issue." 
Erin frowned. "I'm trying to talk about serious matters here. Can you stop interrupting?" 
"To me, who you are and what our relationship is is the most important issue." 
Keira spoke calmly. 
Erin's frustration was evident. She seemed nervous, her anxiety almost palpable. "Why are you making this so complicated? I just don't want you to get killed off too soon. I want you to compete with the other successors so I can benefit in the end! 
With that, Erin hurriedly retreated into the cabin, looking somewhat guilty. "Enough about this. I'm tired. You've been on the road all this time, aren't you tired too? Get some rest. We'll have a tough fight when we get back home tomorrow!" 
Keira asked, "What kind of fight?" 
Erin replied, "You've lost Professor Brandt. Even if you explain to the authorities, there's no evidence! Isn't that a tough situation? Also, I heard that the Horton Group is holding a press conference tomorrow to announce something. Uncle Olsen promised to address the issue of you being kicked out of the house." 
Erin yawned and went into the cabin. 
Keira watched her leave and turned to Lewis. "She doesn't seem like a rival at all. In fact, she's helping me. I feel like she's hiding something from us." 
Lewis nodded. "I haven't sensed any hostility from her either. That's why we didn't suspect her when we first met." 
But why would Erin, Fox, be so helpful to her, Rabbit? It was an odd situation. 
Keira frowned, unable to make sense of it. After a while, she shook her head. "I'll set it aside for now. She'll reveal what's necessary when the time comes. By the way, what's your connection to the pirate leader of the Trident Strait?" 
Lewis replied calmly, "We studied abroad together years ago. I've helped him, so he's inclined to help me. Don't worry. Professor Brandt will return to Crera. on schedule tomorrow." 
Keira nodded. "Got it." 
They both went into their cabin. 
Exhausted from the journey and the sleepless night, Keira fell asleep as soon as she hit the bed. She woke up just as the ship docked. 
Stretching, Keira, Erin, and Lewis disembarked together. Keira pulled out her phone and saw several messages. 
Most were from James. "Cousin, where have you been? Uncle is holding a press conference today and wants you back home." 
He also sent a news link. 
When Keira opened it, she saw a video of the previous day's incident on the street, where people had surrounded her. Netizens were criticizing her for her attitude. 
Keira frowned. She realized her stern expression had drawn unwanted attention, and now she was being criticized online. 
James's next message read, "Cousin, did you go abroad? If so, enjoy your time there a bit longer. Don't come back just yet; people are hunting for you. I'm worried you might be recognized on the street." 
Keira replied, "I'm heading home now." 
###Chapter 694
694 Chapter 693 
The entrance of the Olsen Group was swarming with people. Reporters clustered together, and the conference room inside was packed to capacity. Those without an invitation were left to wait outside. Some resourceful journalists had managed to sneak in and had even started live-streaming the event. 
"Hello, everyone, I'm here at the Olsen Group headquarters," one of the reporters began. "Yes, the Olsen Group is expected to make a decision today regarding Miss Olsen's alleged support of espionage. As many of you know, insider sources claimed last week that the Olsen family had already kicked her out. Let's see what Mr. Olsen, the head of the family, has to say today!" 
This situation had captured a lot of attention, especially since "Keera" had been trending online. The livestream quickly attracted a massive audience. The comment section exploded with activity. 
"Today's press conference must be to announce that they've kicked Miss Olsen out of the family, right?" 
"I heard she was only recently acknowledged as Mr. Olsen's daughter, but she grew up outside the family. Did she get so dazzled by wealth that she forgot who she really is?" 
"If she keeps this up, she won't even remember her own name…" 
"The Olsen Group better give us an explanation. Patriotism is non-negotiable. I have zero tolerance for anyone who doesn't love their country!" 
"With the way things look, they're definitely here to announce something big…" 
"Where is this Miss Olsen anyway? Why isn't she here yet?" 
"Maybe she's too scared to show up! If she does, we'll roast her!" 
"…" 
Similar comments flashed rapidly across the screen. 
Meanwhile, at Freeman Sect... 
Trevor Freeman, the Sect Leader, was watching the live-stream on his phone. Seeing the flood of negative comments, his expression darkened. He stood up abruptly and barked, "Get everyone in the sect over here, now!" 
James, standing nearby, was taken aback. "Why are we gathering everyone?" he asked, confused. 
"Just do it!" Trevor snapped. 
"Alright, alright," James replied, quickly leaving to gather the members. 
Soon, a group of disciples assembled in front of Trevor Freeman. James reported, "Sect Leader, we've got about 347 members in Clance, and there are 320 here. The rest had other obligations. What's going on?" 
Trevor's face turned serious as he addressed the group. "I've called you all here for one reason: to defend your senior sister's honor!" 
James was the first to jump in, "Where do we go to defend her honor? Just say the word! Is it the Olsen Group?" 
His last question was asked with some hesitation. He remembered seeing how protective Uncle Olsen and Trevor Freeman were of "Keera" during a previous incident. It couldn't be anyone else they were defending, right? 
But wasn't today's press conference supposed to be about Uncle Olsen officially recognizing "Keera's" place in the family? So, who could've offended her? 
The rest of the group exchanged puzzled looks. 
Trevor's voice cut through their confusion, "Now, listen up! Attention!" 
The disciples immediately stood at attention, determined not to be outdone by their peers. None of them wanted to be the one who got whacked by Trevor's stick. Then he commanded, "Horse stance, now!" 
Everyone was confused. 
Weren't they supposed to be standing up for their senior sister? Why were they doing horse stance exercises? 
As they tried to figure out what was happening, Trevor took out his phone and ordered, "Take out your phones!" 
The group, still in horse stance, quickly grabbed their phones. Trevor then shared the live-stream link in their group chat. "Alright, join this livestream and start posting positive comments!" 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Trevor glared at them. "A bunch of clueless bystanders are smearing my disciple's name, and you think I'll just let that slide? Start posting! I want a thousand positive comments from each of you, with a minimum of fifteen words per comment! If you don't hit the target, you'll stay in horse stance all day!" 
The disciples couldn't believe their ears. 
A thousand comments? 
How were they supposed to manage that? 
Muttering under their breath, the disciples began furiously typing on their phones while holding their horse stances. Soon enough, their comments started to flood the livestream, burying the negative ones. 
"Miss Olsen is the most beautiful woman in the world! What nonsense are you all spouting?" 
"Miss Olsen is incredibly strong! I'm sure she's got impeccable character!" 
"There's got to be more to this story! Anyway, I believe Miss Olsen wouldn't do something like that." 
"Oh my god, Miss Olsen is so kind-hearted and beautiful!" 
"I had a big breakfast today, five bagels and a latte." 
Trevor, pacing between the disciples, noticed this last comment and smacked the disciple on the head. "I told you to praise your senior sister, not talk about what you ate! That one doesn't count!" 
"And you!" he pointed at another, "What's with all the 'oh my gods' and 'ahs'? Are you stuttering or something? This isn't a web novel where you pad the word count!" 
The disciples were speechless. 
James watched the scene unfold, feeling a sense of dread for the poor souls in front of him. Just then, one of the disciples suddenly stood up straight, glaring angrily at Trevor, "Sect Leader, why do we have to sit here and post praise for Senior Sister? What she did, even the special forces wouldn't approve of, and I'm embarrassed by it!" 
The others quickly chimed in. 
"Yeah, the first rule of Freeman Sect is to love your country!"
###Chapter 695
695 Chapter 694 
"Just because she's our senior sister, does that mean she's allowed to be unpatriotic?" 
"I'm not okay with posting positive comments either! Why should we clean up her mess when she's the one who screwed up and ran off?" 
"Look, I admire Keira, but what she did was wrong! I'm not posting anything!" 
"Me neither! Let's stop. This whole thing is humiliating!" 
"I trained in martial arts to serve my country, not to defend someone who doesn't love it!" 
"…" 
The disciples who had been dutifully following Trevor Freeman's orders now hesitated, all eyes turning toward him. Trevor saw those who had spoken up were the disciples knew to be particularly stubborn, so he frowned. "Your senior sister has her reasons for what she did. Who are you to judge?" 
"I'm judging her as a patriotic man!" one of the disciples shot back, defiantly. "Are we supposed to go easy on her just because she's your disciple?" 
"I won't do it!" 
"And I'm certainly not going to humiliate myself by defending her!" 
"Neither will I!" 
"Me neither!" 
"…" 
More and more of the Freeman Sect disciples put down their phones, their expressions turning from confusion to firm resolve. 
Trevor felt a surge of anger in his chest. "I didn't train you all to just follow the crowd like sheep! Don't you trust your own senior sister?" 
One of them spoke up, "It's not that I don't trust her, it's just… she didn't grow up with us. She didn't train with us from the start. How are we supposed to know what kind of person she really is?" 
"Yeah, Sect Leader, what if you're wrong about her? What if she's actually a spy for another country? She defended Mr. Sims, and now I can't even show my face around the Special Division!" 
"…" 
As the group continued to voice their grievances, Trevor's frustration grew. "You ungrateful brats! You dare defy me? I said a thousand comments, and if you don't hit that number, you'll be in horse stance until you do!" 
But the Freeman Sect disciples were known for their obstinacy. One of them immediately shouted back, "Even if I drop dead from this horse stance, I won't defend a traitor!" 
"Me neither!" 
"Same here!" 
"Count me in!" 
As more and more disciples lowered their phones, they all glared at Trevor with unwavering defiance. 
Trevor was practically trembling with fury. He could hardly contain himself as he pointed at them, shouting, "Fine! Just wait! You'll regret this!" 
He was confident that Keira would prove her innocence within the week, just as she had promised. 
The others, however, stood their ground, their eyes locked on their leader as they stubbornly held their positions in the horse stance. "Then we'll wait. We're not afraid of you!" 
Trevor was astonished. 
Meanwhile, at the Special Division headquarters... 
A group of agents gathered together, their focus on the live stream. Brian Dawson and Luke Dawson were watching along with the rest of the team, all of whom had felt the pressure from the Freeman Sect's influence. 
Luke, remembering how Keira had saved him in the past, couldn't bring himself to speak ill of her. But the others had no such reservations. 
"Heh, when she stood up for Mr. Sims, she probably didn't think it would come back to bite her like this." 
"Yeah, just because she's the Sect Leader's prized disciple, she thought she could push us around. We couldn't beat her in combat, but public opinion is another story!" 
"Look at the comments—people are tearing her apart! Serves her right for backing Mr. Sims!" 
Lately, Keira had been relentless in her efforts to protect old Mr. Sims, even assigning her own people to guard him day and night, fearing someone might betray him in her absence. 
As someone mentioned this, they saw a delivery person hand Mr. Sims a bag of takeout food, which was promptly taken inside... 
The agents couldn't hold back their anger. "Is he under house arrest or on vacation? He's even ordering takeout! This is ridiculous! What does that make us, the Special Division?" 
"Of course, he's getting away with it—he's got Keera Olsen on his side!" 
"Who cares how strong she is? We don't need a senior sister who doesn't care about our country!" 
"Didn't you hear? The Olsen family is holding a press conference to disown her, and word is the Freeman Sect might kick her out, too. If that's true, she won't be able to lord over us anymore." 
At this, they all turned their gaze toward old Mr. Sims' study. 
Meanwhile, Keira, who was at the center of all this, was sitting in the passenger seat of Lewis's car as they headed toward the press conference. 
Reclining slightly, Keira asked, "How long until Professor Brandt is safely home?" 
"Half an hour until he lands," Lewis responded calmly. 
"Good," she replied.
###Chapter 696
696 Chapter 695 
Keira finished her sentence just as they approached the Olsen family's press conference, which seemed about to start. 
She exchanged a glance with Lewis, and they both decided to stay in the car. They'd wait until Professor Brandt landed safely and the news was released before stepping out. 
Keira sent a message to Uncle Olsen, advising him to delay the press conference by thirty minutes. 
At the press conference... 
Reporters were buzzing with anticipation. Everyone was eager to find out how the Olsen Group would handle the situation. 
Tension filled the air as the crowd waited for the family to address the scandal, but what they got instead was... 
Ellis slowly ascended the stage, microphone in hand. "I apologize, everyone. The traffic in Clance is terrible today. My uncle will arrive in about thirty minutes. We appreciate your patience, and the press conference will be delayed by half an hour." 
Ellis, ever the charmer, had the staff distribute gifts to the reporters. 
His polite demeanor and thoughtful gesture made it hard for anyone to stay upset. The reporters were familiar with the Olsen Group and begrudgingly accepted the situation. They settled down, ready to wait—until someone in the crowd suddenly shouted. 
"I just saw Uncle Olsen walk in! How could he still be stuck in traffic? Ellis is obviously lying!" 
Keira was monitoring the situation from the car and immediately sat up. She had been reclining her seat, planning to catch a quick nap, but after hearing that, she quickly grabbed a mask, put it on, and stepped out of the car, heading toward the press conference. 
Uncle Olsen would have been discreet entering the building; no random reporter should have spotted him so easily. If someone claimed to have seen him, it meant something was seriously wrong. 
Unless... that person wasn't just an ordinary reporter. 
Keira's eyes narrowed. During her time on the Trident Strait border, she had determined from Erin's words and actions that Erin wasn't a traitor. So, who had sent this so-called reporter? Could it be one of the candidates from the South family, who had tried to capture Professor Brandt on the border? 
Keira skillfully maneuvered through the crowd, making her way toward the source of the voice. 
Just as she reached the spot, Ellis spoke again, "You saw him? I'm afraid not. My uncle isn't here yet." 
Keira scanned the area, ready to confront the person who had spoken, hoping to trace them back to the source. But to her surprise, the voice shifted positions, now coming from ahead of her, "How could that be? Uncle Olsen drove a Rolls-Royce today, and I saw it parked in the lot! He's just backstage resting while we're left waiting here! What's going on with your family?" 
The accusation sparked a wave of murmurs among the crowd. "Ellis, if someone saw Uncle Olsen, then he's here. Why not just bring him out and stop wasting our time?" 
"Yeah, what's this about making us wait for half an hour? If his time is so precious, then what about ours?" 
"Is this a joke? We're here on time, and now you're stalling us? This is disrespectful!" 
As more voices joined in, the original speaker slipped back into the crowd, vanishing from sight. 
Keira frowned, stepping closer to the stage's edge. Standing just outside the crowd, she listened intently to the conversations around her. 
"What's going on with the Olsen Group?" 
"Didn't Uncle Olsen kick that daughter out of the family? If that's the case, then just give us the verdict already!" 
"Maybe he's having second thoughts about disowning her." 
"They say she's his only daughter. Of course, he'd hesitate." 
"Delaying the press conference for thirty minutes—or even six months—won't change a thing!" 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Whoever that person was, they were crafty—stirring up tension and then going silent, making it hard to pinpoint their identity. But did they really think they could stay hidden from her? 
A sharp look flashed in Keira's eyes as she pulled out her phone and sent a message to Ellis. 
On stage, Ellis felt his phone buzz. A quick glance at the screen made him pause, but then he looked out over the crowd and quickly spotted Keira, wearing a baseball cap and mask. 
Suppressing a smile, he cleared his throat and addressed the reporters, "Yes, my uncle has a valid reason for the delay, and we ask for your patience. In fact, Olsen Group is willing to compensate you for your time. But let me tell you, my uncle's time... you couldn't afford it." 
The room erupted in chaos! 
Almost every reporter began shouting. 
"What reason could he possibly have?" 
"Mr. Ellis, what do you mean by this? Are you insulting us?" 
"This is outrageous! So, Uncle Olsen's time is valuable, but ours isn't? Who talks like that?" 
"Exactly! And buying our time? That's just humiliating!" 
"This is ridiculous! Forget the gift—I want the press conference to start on time!" 
"I don't care if your family is making billion-dollar deals! Why should that make us wait?" 
The more vocal the crowd became, the easier it would be for Keira to identify the one who wasn't speaking—the one she was after.
###Chapter 697
697 Chapter 696
The room was buzzing with activity, and though it was impossible to pinpoint who had spoken, Keira Olsen's sharp eyes quickly spotted someone in the crowd who wasn't saying a word.
Her gaze darkened as she signaled to Lewis, who had followed her in.
Lewis immediately moved to circle behind the suspect while Keira advanced from the front. Within moments, they had the instigator—the reporter who had first stirred up trouble—cornered and apprehended.
The man's eyes filled with panic as he was caught, but he quickly shouted, "Miss Olsen is here!"
That single shout turned every reporter's attention toward Keira, their eyes locking onto her like heat-seeking missiles.
The crowd surged forward, shouting questions.
"Miss Olsen, why are you defending a traitor?"
"Miss Olsen, you were raised abroad, right? Did someone get to you? Otherwise, why are you protecting him?"
"What's your stance on this? Olsen Group's shares have taken a nosedive because of you. Any comments?"
The more restrained journalists were the ones asking these questions, but the situation quickly deteriorated as a few enraged individuals began hurling insults:
"Traitor! You should just drop dead!"
"It's disgrace to Crera with people like you running businesses here!"
"Defending a traitor—is this a family tradition of yours? And why isn't Uncle Olsen coming out? Is he trying to protect you?"
Each accusation stoked the fire of the crowd's anger.
Keira knew they were all being misled, but she couldn't explain much at the moment. All she could do was keep a tight rein on her temper. "I'm sorry, but I'm not Miss Olsen. I have something urgent to—"
Her attempt to deflect was futile.
Those striking, almond-shaped eyes of hers were too distinct, too memorable.
Even before the captured reporter could respond, another journalist pointed at her and shouted, "You are Miss Olsen! Stop pretending—I'd recognize those eyes anywhere!"
"Such a pretty girl, and yet so heartless?"
Insults rained down, but Keira's focus was on the man who tried to slip away. She tightened her grip on him and handed him over to Lewis, murmuring, "Take him outside and interrogate him."
Lewis nodded without hesitation.
He knew where the priorities lay.
Keira might be facing an angry mob, but she wasn't in any real danger. The crucial thing was to extract information from this guy.
With the suspect now in Lewis's custody, Keira headed toward the stage. "Alright, since you're all eager for answers, let me tell you..."
The reporters, predictably, followed her lead, crowding around the stage.
With the commotion shifting in her direction, Lewis seized the opportunity to drag the suspect outside.
As Keira took her place on stage, she noticed Lewis successfully making his exit and finally allowed herself to exhale in relief.
But that brief moment of relaxation was quickly misinterpreted by the reporters.
"Miss Olsen, what's with the smirk? Are you planning to double down on your lies?"
"Miss Olsen, the Olsen Group has always operated under a banner of patriotism. Don't you think you owe us an explanation?"
"Miss Olsen, you need to apologize!"
Keira narrowed her eyes at their demands.
She was just about to respond when a powerful voice cut through the clamor, "This press conference was called by me. So why are you harassing my daughter?"
Keira froze and turned to see Uncle Olsen striding forward, his steps full of purpose. He immediately positioned himself in front of Keira, shielding her from the crowd.
He swept a stern gaze over the gathered reporters.
His presence was so commanding that, for a moment, the room fell silent, the tension thick in the air. n/o/vel/b//in dot c//om
But someone quickly found their voice.
"Uncle Olsen, if you've been here all along, why did you delay the conference?"
"Was it just to mess with us? What's the real reason?"
"And what's this about not harassing your daughter? Didn't you disown her? So, why is she still your daughter?"
"You claimed to kick her out, but was that just a PR move to stabilize your stock prices? Now you're showing your true colors, aren't you?"
"Uncle Olsen, where have you been? Why did you make us wait for half an hour? We demand answers!"
Keira quickly stepped forward. "Anything you need to know will be addressed in half an hour... No, make that twenty-five minutes. For now, there are things we can't reveal."
The reporters pounced immediately: "Why can't you reveal it?"
"What shady business are you hiding that you can't tell us?"
###Chapter 698
698 Chapter 697 
Amidst the chaotic press conference, a few reporters still maintained a sense of fairness, trying to calm the situation. 
"If it's twenty-five minutes, then let's just wait." 
"They must have something important to share if they're asking for more time. I don't think Mr. Olsen is being unreasonable…" 
But as soon as these voices of reason were heard, others scoffed. 
"If you want to wait, that's your choice, but don't waste our time! No wonder the Olsen Group sees you as insignificant." 
"Mr. Olsen, you owe us an explanation today." 
The collective frustration of the reporters seemed enough to blow the roof off. 
Keira frowned, glancing at Uncle Olsen for support. 
While Uncle Olsen could brush off most questions, one reporter boldly pushed forward, locking eyes with him. "Mr. Olsen, do you regret bringing your daughter back into the family? If she wasn't here, none of this would have happened!" 
That question caused Uncle Olsen's expression to harden instantly. His gaze swept across the room before he decisively grabbed the microphone from the reporter. 
With a voice that was steady and resolute, he declared, "The best thing that's ever happened to me was finding my daughter!" 
He looked at Keira, his eyes filled with unwavering conviction, radiating a powerful determination. "No matter what my daughter has done, I will stand by her. And let me make one thing clear—my daughter is extraordinary!" 
His words sent the room into an uproar. 
The reporters immediately started shouting. 
"Mr. Olsen, what are you saying?" 
"Are you condoning your daughter's betrayal?" 
"Mr. Olsen, this is outrageous! Were you just toying with us? Now that your stock prices have stabilized, you think you can just do as you please? Well, let me tell you, the public has a long memory!" 
"Your daughter is extraordinary? Betrayal is extraordinary? What kind of values are these?" 
"If she's done something wrong, she should own up to it. Is an apology so hard to give?" 
"Exactly…" 
As the reporters hurled accusations, Ellis rushed over, standing behind Uncle Olsen and whispered urgently, "Uncle, someone's live-streaming this. Your words just went out, and now Olsen Group's stock price is plummeting!" 
Uncle Olsen let out a cold laugh. "Let it drop! I won't be bullied into submission by anyone—not even by the moral judgments of the entire world!" 
With that, he turned to Keira, his voice firm, "You will always be my proudest daughter." 
Keira felt her eyes sting, warmth spreading through her chest. 
She stared at Uncle Olsen, taken aback, and after a moment, she wiped her slightly teary eyes. "Dad, I understand." 
She paused, then smiled softly. "Having you as my father is the best thing that's ever happened to me." 
Uncle Olsen had spent his entire life navigating the ruthless world of business and was as unyielding as steel. Now, he found his eyes misting up at her words. 
He cleared his throat, "I'm sorry I missed out on your youth." 
Keira shook her head. "It's okay." 
Their eyes met, a deep sense of understanding passing between them. 
But the reporters below weren't about to let the tender moment pass without a fight. They continued their relentless attacks. 
"What's going on here? Did you invite us just to have a father-daughter reunion?" 
"Mr. Olsen, didn't you say you'd give us answers? Is this your idea of an explanation?" 
"We'll never trust the Olsen Group again! This is a complete scam! You'll turn into a company of traitors!" 
"We're boycotting all Olsen Group products!" 
The crowd was practically foaming at the mouth, and if it weren't for the strict security checks at the entrance, they might have been throwing rotten vegetables by now. 
Keira watched the enraged reporters, feeling a mix of emotions. 
Beside her, Uncle Olsen straightened his posture, hands clasped behind his back, and asked, "Are you scared?" 
"Not at all!" 
Keira answered without hesitation. 
"Good. Keira, the challenges ahead will be much tougher than this." 
Uncle Olsen reassured her. 
"I'm aware." 
She knew that in order to save her mother, she'd have to endure the brutal battle for the South family's inheritance, which would expose her to much more than this. 
Uncle Olsen nodded. "But remember, I will always support you, no matter what decisions you make." 
"Understood." 
Just then, Ellis suddenly picked up his phone, exclaiming, "Uncle, look! Professor Barry Brandt is back in the country!"
###Chapter 699
699 Chapter 698 
As soon as Ellis made the announcement, the entire room of reporters fell silent, staring at him in disbelief. 
One of them couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Ellis, what did you just say?" 
Without wasting a second, Ellis gestured to someone, who quickly stepped onto the stage, picked up a remote, and turned on the large screen behind them. 
Ellis connected his phone to the screen, projecting the breaking news he had just come across. 
A live broadcast appeared, showing a reporter on the scene. The reporter's voice was charged with emotion as they exclaimed, "Professor Barry Brandt has returned to Crera! He once publicly declared he would never return and insisted that his students must never return either. But now, not only has Professor Brandt come back, he's brought with him his ten most talented students... I'm going to try to get a word with him!" 
As soon as Barry Brandt stepped off the plane, several officials from the research institutes rushed forward to greet him, shaking his hand and welcoming him back. 
The reporter managed to squeeze through the crowd, thrusting a microphone toward Professor Brandt. "Professor Brandt, have you had a change of heart? Why did you decide to come back?" 
Taking the microphone, Barry Brandt looked directly into the camera, speaking with sincerity and a slight tremble in his voice. "Years ago, when I went abroad to study, I realized that students from Crera were often discriminated against. Some professors were reluctant to share their knowledge with us, perhaps because they knew that our country was strong and our people were strong. They feared that if we acquired the same knowledge, we would return home and use it to our country's advantage. So, they suppressed us." 
His voice thickened with emotion as he continued, "The environment for students from Crera during my time was harsh. We wanted to serve our country, but the path wasn't clear. Then, one day, Mr. Sims approached me…" 
He paused, a wry smile crossing his face. "Mr. Sims asked me, 'Are you willing to dedicate twenty years to your country?' 
"I didn't hesitate. I told him I was ready to dedicate my entire life. He then shared his plan with me… He wanted me to publicly express dissatisfaction with Crera and declare that I would never return. Only then did the professors abroad start to take me seriously and share their knowledge with me." 
Barry Brandt shook his head with a rueful smile. "We set up an elaborate ruse, fooling everyone for years. Mr. Sims sacrificed a lot to help me maintain my cover. Now, there are rumors that he's a spy because he supported me financially… 
"The truth is, that money came from me. I wanted to transfer my earnings back to Crera, so I sent the funds to him under the pretense of buying advanced technology, fooling everyone." 
His eyes glistened with tears. "I've returned not only to clear my name but also to clear Mr. Sims's name." 
He wiped at his reddening eyes and managed a smile. "Crera is my home, and I've finally… come home." 
His words "come home" brought tears to the eyes of his students standing behind him. 
The reporter's voice was choked with emotion. "Professor Brandt, you've endured so much all these years." 
"It was worth it…" 
Barry Brandt replied with a bittersweet smile. 
The reporter asked, "What's the first thing you want to do now?" 
Professor Brandt's response was immediate, "I want to visit my old friend, Mr. Sims…" 
"We'll get a car ready right away," the reporter offered. 
After the brief interview, Professor Brandt got into a car, accompanied by government officials, heading from the coast to Clance. 
The reporter turned back to the camera, "Professor Barry Brandt has endured unimaginable hardships for twenty years. His family and friends have suffered alongside him, bearing the brunt of public scorn. But now, he's finally come home, and he returns with honor. This is your live update." 
Back at the press conference, every reporter turned their gaze toward Keira as if they wanted to speak but couldn't find the words. 
Uncle Olsen was just as stunned. He stared at Keira for a long moment before bursting into hearty laughter. "I knew it! My daughter would never let me down! She always has her reasons for everything she does!" 
Keira stepped forward, addressing the crowd, "This is why I asked for half an hour before revealing the truth. Half an hour ago, Professor Brandt was still at sea. I had to ensure his safe return before making any public statements." 
The room fell silent, and the reporters slowly began to murmur. 
"Miss Olsen, we owe you an apology. We were wrong to judge you." 
"Yes, we publicly apologize!" 
One reporter even asked, "Miss Olsen, couldn't you have given us a hint earlier?" 
Before Keira could respond, another reporter interjected, "Are you crazy? If she'd given any hint, do you think Professor Brandt could have returned so smoothly?" 
"Exactly! The government of Country A is notorious for its aggressive tactics. They'd have found any excuse to detain the professor. Keeping quiet was the best way to protect him!" 
"Yeah, if you don't know anything, don't talk nonsense…" 
"Miss Olsen, when did you find out about this?" 
"Miss Olsen, did you take action to protect Mr. Sims after learning about this? You're truly a remarkable woman!" 
"We really misunderstood you!" 
The press conference turned into a flurry of questions and apologies. 
Meanwhile, at the Freeman Sect. 
Trevor was listening to the grumbling of his disciples, feeling a mix of frustration and helplessness. He wanted to scold them, but he wasn't even sure what was going on. 
He hadn't yet received any firsthand information. 
The disciples continued to complain about their senior sister. 
"Sect Leader, you can't go easy on her! The Freeman Sect's reputation is at stake!" 
"Right! We have to punish Senior Sister, or we'll lose face!" 
Even James cleared his throat, speaking up, "My cousin might have been a bit impulsive. She just wanted to protect Mr. Sims. After all, she's good friends with Holly Sims, and loyalty is important in our line of work, isn't it?" 
The other disciples were stunned into silence, unsure how to respond. 
Just then, Erin rushed in, holding her phone. "Look at this!" 
James sighed, "No need to look, I'm sure the internet is already tearing her apart…"
###Chapter 700
700 Chapter 699 
James was stunned for a moment, then Kate quickly chimed in, "No, no! It's not an insult! Things have completely flipped!" 
James blinked in confusion. "Flipped? How is that even possible? My sister's mistake was so bad that if I weren't her brother, I'd want to smack her myself! There's no way public opinion could turn around that fast!" 
Kate rolled her eyes at him. "Could you even take on Keera? Are you sure you wouldn't just end up getting completely wiped by her?" 
James was speechless. 
Realizing she might've pushed it a little too far, Kate coughed, then handed her phone to him. "Here, check for yourself! Stop guessing randomly!" 
James glanced at her phone and immediately saw the headline about Professor Barry Brandt returning to the country. He practically jumped out of his seat. 
"So, that's the twist!" 
His eyes widened in disbelief as he stared at the news on the screen, then turned to the other Freeman Sect members nearby. "Holy crap! If any of you even think about badmouthing Keera's patriotism again, I swear we're going to have a problem!" 
... 
After the Olsen family's press conference, Uncle Olsen chatted briefly with Keira before she and Lewis made their way outside. She turned to him and asked, "That reporter you caught earlier, has he been interrogated?" 
Lewis's face darkened. "Yes." 
"Who's behind it?" 
"The reporter was just a pawn, paid to do a job. My people traced the transaction back to a source from Country A." 
Keira frowned. "Could it be the same group that tried to capture Professor Barry Brandt?" 
Just as she finished her question, a voice suddenly came from behind her. "Country A, huh? I know who it is." 
Keira stiffened and turned to see Erin casually munching on pistachios, showing no sign of guilt for eavesdropping. 
Keira sighed. "Who is it?" 
"The Lioness," Erin said matter-of-factly. "I've crossed paths with her countless times over the years, though we've never known each other's true identities. She's exactly like a lion hunting its prey—patient and calculating, waiting in the tall grass until the perfect moment." 
Keira furrowed her brows. "You don't know her identity either?" 
Erin was genuinely surprised. "Of course not! Why would I? I only found out about Vera and your sister's true identities because they came to me willingly. Everyone's identity is kept secret. Not like you, barging in without a clue, pulling off stunts that have now gotten you on the Lioness's radar! I bet she's already suspicious about who you really are." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
So, all this time, her sister had endured all that humiliation from her vile husband and mother-in-law just to keep her true identity hidden? 
And now that Keira had taken her place, she had unknowingly exposed her, making everything worse. 
Keira lowered her eyes in regret. 
Erin, clearly enjoying herself, added, "You see? You don't know the first thing about this world. You'd be better off sticking by my side as my little sidekick. I'm good to you, right? We could totally team up for the final victory!" 
Keira didn't take the bait; her mind was clearly elsewhere. 
She'd figured Erin out by now—despite her words, she never really expected Keira to give in. 
Turning back to Lewis, Keira said, "If the reporter doesn't know anything more, let him go." 
Lewis nodded. "Where to now?" 
"We're heading to the Special Division to take old Mr. Sims home." 
— 
At the Special Division. 
Since the day Keira had stood up for old Mr. Sims, Holly had been quietly returning there every day. 
She didn't do much. Just stayed in the background, helping wherever she could—cleaning, sweeping, trying to make herself useful. 
The people there weren't kind to her, but this was the only way she could feel some semblance of atonement for her and her grandfather's sins. 
She cleaned tables, trying to punish her grandfather and herself through hard labor. 
At first, everyone sneered and cursed at her, but as the days passed, seeing her come back despite being pushed, hit, or insulted without ever fighting back, their attitudes slowly started to soften. 
Holly had made peace with it. If spending the rest of her life as a cleaning lady here could somehow make up for what her grandfather had done, then so be it. 
She grabbed a mop and headed toward the operations room when she overheard two people talking. 
"Why hasn't anyone been bothering Holly lately? Everyone was still furious about it not too long ago." 
The other person replied, "You didn't hear? Luke gave a warning." 
"What?" 
"I guess he figured enough was enough. And honestly, he's right. Beating up a girl doesn't fix anything, and Holly's clearly been suffering. I feel kinda bad for her..." 
"Yeah, who would have thought Mr. Sims could have done something like that?" 
"Still, if he was a traitor, what about Holly? Luke's already told us not to let her near any confidential documents." 
Holly's heart sank as she listened. 
She never imagined that one day, her former friends would be suspicious of her like this. Her so-called redemption was nothing more than a delusion. 
Her presence here was just an added burden to the Special Division. 
Clenching her fists, she placed the mop in the storage room, ready to leave. But as she turned, she found herself face-to-face with Luke. 
Holly froze. "Thank you... for standing up for me." 
Luke shrugged. "I just didn't want to see anyone picking on you. No big deal." 
Tears welled up in Holly's eyes as she bit her lip. Her vision blurred as she tried to hold back her emotions. 
Luke, clearly panicking, reached out awkwardly. "Hey, don't cry, okay? I..." 
He hesitated, realizing that wiping away a girl's tears with his hands might not be the best move, and awkwardly stopped mid-reach. 
Holly couldn't help but laugh through her tears, finding the whole situation absurd. Here was Luke, still bandaged from his own injuries, stuck in a ridiculous pose, trying to comfort her. 
Seeing her laugh, Luke relaxed and let out a sigh. "Phew, that's better. I'm terrible at dealing with crying." 
Holly paused, surprised. 
Brian found his tone a little too intimate, so he fell silent and scratched his head. 
None of them spoke. 
There was something unspoken between them now, an unspoken warmth filling the air. 
His direct gaze made her cheeks flush. 
She even lowered her head. 
Suddenly, a cough interrupted them. 
Both turned in unison to find Brian standing a short distance away, watching them. 
They jumped back as if caught red-handed. 
Brian walked over, eyes narrowing between them before addressing Holly. "You don't need to come back here tomorrow. There's no point in you staying." 
Holly's chest tightened. She bowed her head, guilt heavy in her heart. "I'm sorry for causing so much trouble. I didn't mean to be a burden." 
Brian's tone softened slightly. "I've watched you grow up, Holly. I know you're a good kid. But the rules are the rules. We can't just have the family of a suspected traitor roaming around the Special Division." 
Holly clenched her fists tighter, her throat constricting. 
Of course. 
Her grandfather's betrayal was no small thing. She would never be trusted again. 
With a bitter smile, she nodded. "I understand." 
She turned to leave. 
Luke couldn't stay silent any longer. "Dad, Holly's not like that! You don't have to be so harsh!" 
Brian stared coldly at his son. "How do you know? Can you guarantee it?" 
"Yes, I can." 
Luke said. 
Holly froze. 
Brian scoffed. "You can't guarantee anything, Luke. No one can. You can't protect her from ending up just like her grandfather. I'll say it straight—don't even think about getting involved with her." 
Luke's face reddened in frustration. "Dad, stop making things up!" 
"I'm not making anything up. You know exactly what I'm talking about," Brian said sharply, turning to Holly with a sneer. "Your grandfather held onto his position for years. I always thought it was because I wasn't good enough to take his place. But no, it was all about money. Can you imagine how pathetic that is?" 
He looked her squarely in the eyes. "Because of that, Holly, I'll never approve of you and my son." 
Luke turned red with anger. "Dad, don't say that! Holly's innocent!" 
"Innocent? Tell that to the families of those who died because of traitors. Do you think they were innocent? You've lost your mind, Luke." 
Brian's words hit hard, and Luke couldn't find a comeback. 
Holly said, "Mr. Dawson, I understand. I'll leave and make sure Luke never has to deal with me again." 
She turned to go, leaving Luke staring after her, unsure of what to say. 
Just then, someone rushed over, shouting, "Mr. Dawson! You have to check your phone! The news just broke—Mr. Sims is innocent!"
###Chapter 701
701 Chapter 700 
Brian was stunned, and he stared at the man in disbelief. "What did you just say?" 
Even Holly was at a loss for words. 
Luke frowned. 
The man immediately rushed forward, handing them his phone. 
On the screen was a video of Professor Barry Brandt being interviewed, specifically the part where he mentioned old Mr. Sims. 
"Mr. Sims came to me and asked, 'Are you willing to dedicate twenty years of your life for your country?' We set up a massive operation, a plan so intricate it fooled everyone! Now people are calling him a spy because he funded me, and I gave him money… Yes, I did send him money, but it was because I wanted to transfer my earnings from overseas back home. Under the guise of purchasing domestic advanced technology, I wired the money to him and tricked everyone. I'm back now—not only to clear my name but to clear Mr. Sims' as well!" 
The weight of the interview hit everyone like a tidal wave. 
In the Special Division, every door opened, and people flooded into the hallway, gathering around Brian. 
He stood there, frozen, staring in shock toward the room where old Mr. Sims was being held. 
The rest of the Special Division members followed his gaze… 
Holly's eyes turned red. She was so overwhelmed she could barely hold herself back from screaming. 
Her grandfather was innocent! 
Tears streamed down Holly's face as she bolted toward old Mr. Sims' room. The Special Division had posted guards outside his room to prevent any attempt at escape, but now, no one moved to stop Holly. The guards, too, were overcome with emotion, their eyes red as they looked in the direction of old Mr. Sims' room. 
Brian's lips trembled as he slowly moved forward, intending to head to Mr. Sims' room himself, but suddenly someone ran up to him from outside. "Mr. Dawson, an important figure is here with Professor Brandt!" 
Brian blinked in surprise, then quickly stepped outside. 
There, standing beside Professor Barry Brandt, was a high-ranking official usually only seen on television. The two had just gotten out of a car. 
Without waiting for his security team, Professor Brandt rushed into the Special Division building, grabbing Brian by the arm as soon as he saw him. "Where's Mr. Sims?" 
Brian was still in shock, barely able to process what was happening. 
He quickly turned and pointed toward Mr. Sims' room, but before he could say anything, Professor Brandt was already moving quickly in that direction. 
Everyone, including the members of the Special Division, followed as they headed in that direction. 
Inside, Holly was crying. 
Professor Brandt paused for a moment, straightened his jacket, then pushed open the door. 
Old Mr. Sims had been held there for some time now, and the Special Division had made sure to block out all the windows to make his stay as uncomfortable as possible. 
The room was dark. When the door swung open, the sudden flood of light was overwhelming, and old Mr. Sims raised a trembling hand to shield his eyes. 
The light from the doorway was blinding, like a path leading out of the darkness. 
Old Mr. Sims hesitated, then gently patted Holly, who was still sobbing into his lap. "Holly, help me up. We have guests." 
Holly quickly wiped away her tears and helped him to his feet. 
Slowly, with shaky steps, he made his way to the doorway, where he finally laid eyes on Professor Brandt. 
At fifty, the professor was still in the prime of his life, while eighty-year-old Mr. Sims represented a bygone era. 
Yet in that moment, these two, separated by decades, gazed at each other as if reuniting after a long-lost friendship. There was nothing but deep, unspoken emotion in their eyes. 
For a few seconds, no one spoke. 
Somehow, at that moment, everyone's eyes filled with tears. 
One had endured public shame abroad for more than twenty years to protect his work. 
The other had borne the weight of countless misunderstandings at home, never once offering an explanation, all to support the other one. 
When Keira and Lewis arrived, they were greeted by the sight of this powerful, moving scene. 
Keira looked from Barry Brandt to old Mr. Sims, and a sudden thought flashed through her mind: "The peace we enjoy today is thanks to the sacrifices of those who carry the burden for us." 
Suddenly, someone choked up, and that was all it took. The floodgates opened, and everyone broke down, one after another. 
"Mr. Sims, I'm so sorry!" 
With that, someone stepped forward and bowed deeply. "When I delivered your packages, I spat in one of them. I'm so sorry!" 
"Mr. Sims, I wronged you!"
###Chapter 702
702  Chapter 701 
"I'm sorry too, Mr. Sims!" 
A man stepped forward. "I sealed the windows on purpose so you wouldn't see any light." 
Another added, "I made sure the door was cracked at night to let the cold air in while you slept." 
"I didn't do much, but I led the charge to badmouth you for days. I'm sorry." 
"..." 
One after another, members of the Special Division bowed their heads in apology, not just out of guilt but out of growing admiration for the elderly man standing before them. 
Even those who had done nothing wrong followed suit, apologizing and showing their respect. 
Then, a steady voice cut through the crowd. "Let me through." 
Everyone parted as Brian walked up, eyes fixed on old Mr. Sims. 
He saw the man's white hair, frail body, and shaky steps, but most of all, he saw those eyes—steady and unbroken. 
The weight of it hit Brian like a punch to the gut. 
Without warning, Brian dropped to his knees in front of old Mr. Sims with a loud thud. 
Old Mr. Sims froze, startled. "What are you doing? Get up, get up…" 
But Brian shook his head. "Please don't ask me to get up. I've known you my whole life, and I know the kind of person you are. But because of this stupid Special Division position, I let myself grow suspicious and resentful toward you. And when everything went south, I didn't question it—I just got angry. Mr. Sims, I'm so sorry!" 
His forehead hit the ground with a sharp knock, the sound echoing in the room, making everyone's chest tighten. 
When Brian lifted his head, his forehead was already turning red. 
He looked like he was ready to bow again when old Mr. Sims chuckled, shaking his head. "You stubborn kid, get up!" 
Brian froze, the familiar nickname hitting him hard. Memories of his younger years flooded back, and he blinked, his eyes suddenly red-rimmed. He wanted to say something, but the words stuck in his throat. 
Mr. Sims reached down and pulled him to his feet. "You've done a good job all these years," he said softly. 
"I should've handed the reins to you long ago, but I had to stay on for Barry's sake. It's only natural you'd have some hard feelings. But even so, I've seen everything you've done lately, and I'm proud of you." 
He helped Brian stand upright and smiled. "You're my pride. I know you'll take good care of the Special Division." 
Brian blinked in shock. "What are you saying?" 
Old Mr. Sims glanced over at Barry Brandt, smiling. "Barry's back, so there's no need for me to hang on to this job any longer. It's time for me to retire. As for the money in my account, I didn't touch a cent because I was afraid it'd be flagged. Now, it can all go to charity—it's Barry's contribution to our country." 
Old Mr. Sims had never been involved in corruption; the money in his account remained untouched. 
Brian's chest tightened even more, and his eyes filled with tears. 
Barry's eyes were red, too, as he grabbed old Mr. Sims' arm. "You've worked so hard all these years, but you could have retired. I could have worked with Brian to handle things…" 
Old Mr. Sims patted his arm. "Your return was never a sure thing. You kept sending me the money you earned abroad to keep it from being frozen in your account. It was only a matter of time before everything blew up. If I hadn't stayed in this position, Brian would have been the one stuck here. I could still carry the weight, so I stayed." 
Brian's chest heaved as the full weight of old Mr. Sims' sacrifice hit him. 
He understood now. 
Old Mr. Sims never stayed in his position for the power or the title. He stayed to protect everyone. 
If Brian had been in charge, he would have been the one thrown into prison and branded as a traitor. 
Guilt and regret overwhelmed Brian. 
Old Mr. Sims was a father figure to him and had remained steadfast all these years, while Brian had doubted him. 
How could he have been so blind? 
Brian slapped himself across the face, then dropped to his knees again, head bowed low. "Uncle Sims, I'm so sorry." 
Old Mr. Sims sighed and bent down, helping him up once more. "You're like a son to me. There's no need for all this formality. After your father passed, I treated you like my second son." 
He looked around at the members of the Special Division, smiling. "From now on, the Special Division is in Brian's hands. I trust all of you to support him and carry on our work." 
The entire team shouted in unison, "Yes, sir!" 
Old Mr. Sims had dedicated his entire life to the Special Division, and there wasn't a single person in the room who wasn't moved by his selflessness. 
After the echoes of their voices died down, old Mr. Sims glanced through the crowd and spotted Keira standing toward the back. His eyes softened as he waved her over. 
"Kiddo, come here." 
Keira hesitated for a moment. 
She then sighed and made her way through the crowd toward him, with the others stepping aside to give her space.
###Chapter 703
703  Chapter 702 
The people who had previously badmouthed Keira all averted their eyes the moment they saw her. 
Old Mr. Sims patted her on the shoulder. "Young lady, thank you for standing up for me last time." 
Keira lowered her gaze. "No need to thank me; it was the right thing to do." 
Brian and the others chimed in immediately. "Yes, Senior Sister, we owe you big time! Without your help, we would have made a terrible mistake!" 
If their punishment had been carried out, there was no telling if the old man would have survived it. "Keera" had saved his life! 
The thought crossed Brian's mind, and his eyes filled with gratitude as he prepared to say more, but Keira cut him off. "The ones who deserve the most respect here are Mr. Sims and Professor Brandt. I just did something small. Let's not get things twisted." 
She stepped back, trying to shift the attention onto them. But before she could make her move, Brian spoke up again. 
"Senior Sister, there's no need to be so modest. I have nothing but respect for you!" 
He gave her a respectful salute, one that was familiar in their circles. "From now on, everyone in the Special Division will follow your lead!" 
Keira waved her hands. "That's really not necessary…" 
But old Mr. Sims chuckled. "When the Sect Leader couldn't find an apprentice, I worried that James would end up taking over Freeman Sect. I had my doubts, but who would have thought he'd bring back such a talented disciple? Young lady, there's no need to feel anxious. The Special Division has always been closely tied to the Freeman Sect, so it's only natural for Brian and the others to follow your lead." 
Keira paused for a moment before letting out a soft sigh. "Alright then." 
Professor Brandt turned to Lewis. "Mr. Horton, we couldn't have made it back home safely without you." 
Lewis nodded. "It was nothing." 
He was always distant and quiet around others, so Barry picked up on his personality and didn't push further. He smiled and turned back to old Mr. Sims. "Sims, how about we grab a drink tonight?" 
"Sounds good!" 
Old Mr. Sims, now in his eighties, leaned on his cane as he carefully walked over to Barry. "Seeing you back home has put my heart at ease. Barry, make sure you keep contributing to the country's research. My sacrifice won't have been in vain." 
Barry's eyes grew misty. "I will." 
He smiled. "You always talked about how great the roasted duck is in Clance. I haven't had it in twenty years. Shall we get some tonight?" 
"Of course! I've even got some fine wine saved up just for you." 
Old Mr. Sims turned to Keira. "Young lady, care to join us?" 
Keira smiled. "I'll leave you two to it." 
Old Mr. Sims nodded. With Holly's help, he and Barry began making their way out. After a few steps, old Mr. Sims looked over at Holly. "Holly, I haven't treated you or your parents well these past few days. You've all had to bear the burden of my mistakes." 
Holly wiped away her tears. "Grandpa, don't say that. It's an honor to be your granddaughter! I'm proud of you." 
"Good girl!" 
Old Mr. Sims gently wiped her tears. "Your father once planned to stay in the Special Division, but I handed it over to Brian. I wonder if he holds any grudges against me…" 
Holly shook her head. "The weight that comes with the Special Division is too much. Dad's always been easygoing; he's never blamed you." 
"That's good to hear." 
As they walked a bit further, old Mr. Sims suddenly glanced back at Holly. "You know, having Miss Olsen as a friend is the best thing that's ever happened to you. Don't you dare get into fights with her again." 
Holly froze, her eyes misting over. "Grandpa, you knew?" 
Back when she and Keira had a falling out at school, she had become withdrawn, and her grandpa noticed when they came to Clance. She had told him what happened, thinking he'd forget about it. But somehow, he knew everything. 
Old Mr. Sims chuckled. "You're not one to make many friends, but the way you stood up for her back then tells me this friendship isn't just casual." 
He turned to Keira. "Miss Olsen, take care of Holly, will you? She can be a bit stubborn." 
Keira smiled. "I will." 
Old Mr. Sims then turned back to Barry. As they moved to leave, he suddenly stopped, trembling as he took Barry's hand. "Barry, there's something I need to apologize for." 
Barry looked puzzled. "What's that?" 
Old Mr. Sims smiled weakly. "I'm afraid… I won't be able to join you for that roast duck." 
And with that, his eyes closed, and the old man collapsed to the floor. 
"Grandpa!!" 
"Sims!"
###Chapter 704
704  Chapter 703 
Three days later. 
At old Mr. Sims' gravesite. 
Holly Sims stood by the tombstone, dressed in all black, with a white flower in her hair. Her eyes were swollen from crying, and she seemed emotionally drained. Keira stood silently beside her, offering quiet support. 
No one had expected old Mr. Sims' passing to be so imminent. He had been holding on, waiting for Barry Brandt to return. Once that was done, he let go. 
Holly's eyes were red from all the tears she had shed. The person she had been most proud of was now gone. 
Barry, Brian, Luke, and many other important figures had come to pay their respects, leaving flowers at the grave. The black-and-white photo of old Mr. Sims on the tombstone showed him smiling broadly as if he had no regrets. 
Keira looked at Holly. "This is considered a peaceful passing for someone of his age. You don't need to feel so torn up." 
"I know," Holly murmured. "But I had no idea Grandpa's health had deteriorated so much. If I had known earlier…" 
Her words trailed off as her throat tightened. 
Keira spoke softly. "Even if you'd known, you'd still have supported his decision, wouldn't you? After all, the Sims family has always been dedicated to serving the country, willing to sacrifice everything. It's in your family's blood." 
Holly paused, then nodded slowly. "I know he never did anything he wasn't proud of," she continued, her voice wavering. "And I know he felt fulfilled making his final sacrifice for Professor Brandt. He left this world in the way he wanted… but…" 
Suddenly, tears streamed down her face again. "But I can't bear the thought of losing him." 
Her sobs deepened, making her sound like a child, utterly heartbroken. 
Seeing her cry like that left Keira feeling awkward, unsure how to comfort her. 
Erin approached from behind, eating pistachios but carefully spitting out the shells into a small bag. After coughing lightly, she looked at Holly. 
"Death is inevitable," Erin said. "In a way, we're always learning to say goodbye. From the moment we're born until the day we die." 
She turned her gaze to Keira. "Mr. Sims lived a full life, and he got what he wanted in the end. No regrets. At least he got to witness Barry Brandt's return to the country." 
If Barry had followed the original plan and returned in two more years, old Mr. Sims wouldn't have made it. He would have passed away with the burden of guilt, his name tarnished. But now, he was able to leave the world with honor. 
Holly nodded slightly. "I understand, but it still doesn't make it easier. My heart can't let go." 
Keira patted her gently on the back. "Take your time." 
Just then, a tissue appeared in front of the two of them. Keira looked up and saw Luke standing there, offering it to Holly. He looked a bit awkward as he spoke. "Here, wipe your tears. Mr. Sims was someone I'll respect for the rest of my life." 
Then, as if trying to cheer her up, he added, "Don't worry. Even without Mr. Sims around, I'll make sure no one in the Special Division messes with you. I'll look out for you." 
Holly flushed slightly and turned her head away. "I don't need you to look out for me! I've got Keira, and that's more than enough!" 
Luke glanced over at Keira and scratched his head. "That's true. Besides, I'm no match for her." 
Keira blinked, feeling speechless. 
Erin coughed. 
Holly looked down, still holding back tears. 
Luke, confused by the sudden silence, asked, "What's going on?" 
Keira cleared her throat. "Nothing. I just remembered I won't always be around in the Special Division, so in the future, I'll leave Holly in your hands. You'll need to watch out for her." 
Luke nodded quickly. "Don't worry, I'll be nice to her!" 
Keira couldn't help but sigh internally. Could this guy even manage to ask Holly out? 
She pressed her lips together and coughed again. "I've got some things to take care of. You two should talk for a bit." 
Luke nodded. "Sure." 
As Keira and Erin walked away, they overheard Luke say, "Stop crying. Your eyes are getting all swollen. It's not a good look." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Erin chuckled. "That guy is something else, isn't he?" 
They both shook their heads, heading further away from the gravesite. 
In the distance, Keira spotted Lewis standing quietly and staring at the grave. 
There was a subtle sadness about him, the kind that made his gaze linger a little too long on the tombstone. 
Keira approached him. "What are you thinking about?" 
Lewis clenched his jaw slightly before replying, "I was wondering… if Grandma will leave us the same way."
###Chapter 705
705  Chapter 704 
Keira's heart clenched at Lewis's words. 
When old Mr. Sims passed, she had already felt a deep sense of sadness and loss. If it were old Mrs. Horton… 
She couldn't even bear to think about it. 
If she was feeling this way, how much worse must it be for Lewis?! 
Keira immediately reached out and took his hand. "Lewis, let's put everything aside for now and spend some real time with Grandma." 
Grandma was nearing the end of her life. She wasn't suffering from any major illness, just the inevitable decline that came with her age. 
Saving Jodie South was important… but saving her required timing and opportunity. 
Last time, Erin had already said the chance to return home only came every three months, and the next opportunity was still over a month away. 
For now, there wasn't much else Keira could do. She decided to focus on spending quality time with old Mrs. Horton. 
Lewis nodded in agreement. 
Erin popped up beside them. "You think capturing the Special Division means you've got everything under control now? Let me tell you, that lioness in country A is still lurking somewhere, waiting to pounce." 
Keira glanced at her. "Lions don't stalk prey like that. Tigers do." 
Erin was taken aback. 
Her lips twitched. "This is not the time for your jokes!" 
Keira sighed. "Erin, there's nothing more important than spending time with family." 
Erin paused. "Is that so?" 
Keira didn't respond but squeezed Lewis' hand. "Come on, let's go home." 
Lewis nodded, and the two of them headed for the car. Naturally, Erin climbed into the back seat, pulling out her bag of pistachios and starting to munch on them again. 
Sitting in the front passenger seat, Keira glanced over at her. 
Erin was wearing a baseball cap today, her long hair falling loosely over her shoulders, and she held a small trash bag for the pistachio shells. She had packed the pistachios neatly in her bag and hadn't eaten any at the cemetery, showing her respect for old Mr. Sims. 
For someone who seemed to always have something in her mouth, Erin wasn't as annoying as she sometimes appeared. 
Keira shifted her gaze away. 
Soon, they arrived at the Horton residence. 
Old Mrs. Horton was sitting in the garden, soaking up the sun. Next to her was Selena, Oliver's illegitimate daughter. Selena was smiling sweetly as she massaged old Mrs. Horton's legs. "Great-grandma, does that feel good? It's nice to sit in the sun like this." 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled lightly but didn't say much. 
Selena continued. "I know I wasn't allowed to come home before, which is why I haven't had the chance to show you how much I care. But from now on, I'll visit you every day…" 
Old Mrs. Horton couldn't help but cut her off. "Are you here to keep me company, or to keep an eye on my shares?" 
Selena's face froze for a moment, but she quickly recovered, smiling again. "Of course not! I'm here out of genuine care. An elder is like a treasure in the family. My dad says the same thing. It's just that Uncle Lewis has always been taking up your time, so my dad hasn't had the chance to be close to you, but I promise, he's always thought of you…" 
Selena went on. "He often tells me about how he once saved you. Great-grandma, you should let him show his respect and devotion to you. I'm just here on his behalf." 
After saying that, she picked up a piece of fruit from the plate beside her and held it up to old Mrs. Horton. "Here, have a piece of watermelon. I just cut it—it's really sweet!" 
Old Mrs. Horton replied, "I have diabetes. I can't eat that." 
Selena didn't seem fazed and offered a slice of apple instead. "Apples are low in sugar. Just have a little. It'll help your digestion." 
At her age, old Mrs. Horton was simply waiting for time to catch up with her. The elderly often felt internal heat, as if their stomach was on fire, so she usually found apples soothing. 
Seeing Selena's persistent smile and somewhat shameless determination, old Mrs. Horton hesitated but eventually leaned forward and took a bite of the apple. 
Keira and Lewis exchanged glances as they watched. 
Keira raised her eyebrows, silently asking: Do we kick her out? 
Lewis, however, kept his focus on old Mrs. Horton. 
Grandma had distanced herself from Oliver because of him. 
As a child, whenever Oliver came over, Lewis would run away, and eventually, Grandma forbade Oliver from visiting. But no matter how things played out, Oliver was still her grandson… 
Lewis remembered what Selena had said earlier—that it was Lewis who monopolized Grandma's attention, preventing Oliver's family from seeing her. Maybe Grandma really felt that way, too? 
Lewis clenched his jaw, standing silently. 
Sensing his hesitation, Keira stayed still as well. 
Seeing that old Mrs. Horton had taken a bite of the apple, Selena pressed on. "Great-grandma, about Jake… Dad only punished him to get him to come home and apologize. But then Miss Olsen stepped in and invested in him, making things worse between them. Now they don't even have a chance to reconcile. Great-grandma, if you can, maybe you should talk to Aunt Keera and smooth things over…"
###Chapter 706
706  Chapter 705 
When Lewis heard those words, his face darkened. 
Keira let out a small laugh. Oh, so this is how they were going to treat her? 
Old Mrs. Horton frowned and snapped, " I was wondering why you were acting so kind, and now I see. Selena, let me tell you something: a bastard child will always be a bastard child. Don't think you can just take over what's not yours. I may not be Jake's biggest fan, but at least he's my legitimate great-grandson. And you? I haven't even acknowledged you!" 
Selena's face went pale with anger. 
Old Mrs. Horton waved a hand. "I'm tired. You can leave." 
Selena took a deep breath, clearly wanting to say something, but before she could, Keira stepped forward with a cold smile. "Are you walking out on your own, or do I need to throw you out?" 
Selena stood up straight and glared at Keira. "I'll go on my own." 
She shot Keira a nasty look as she stormed out. When she passed by Lewis, she couldn't help but say, "Uncle Lewis, Eve didn't marry Jake. She's still in love with you. Maybe you should think about that…" 
"Get out." 
Lewis said the words so coldly that Selena actually flinched before rushing out of the house. 
Old Mrs. Horton overheard the exchange and turned, smiling when she saw Lewis and Keira. "Oh, you two are back." 
"Yeah," Lewis replied. 
Keira walked over and handed old Mrs. Horton an apple. 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at it but then pointed to the watermelon on the table. "I'd rather have some of that." 
Keira chuckled softly. 
At this point, old Mrs. Horton could eat whatever she wanted. The doctors had already said there was no point in restricting her diet anymore, so Keira didn't bother arguing. She fed her a piece of watermelon instead. 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled after taking a bite. "It's always sweeter when you feed me! That Selena, though—ugh, she makes me sick! Trying to stir up trouble like that. Doesn't she know who she's messing with?" 
She took Keira's hand and motioned for Lewis to come closer. 
Lewis stepped forward. "Grandma?" 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at him seriously. "You two must take care of each other, okay?" 
Lewis nodded. 
Old Mrs. Horton added, "Even when I'm gone, don't be sad, you hear me?" 
Lewis's face fell. "Grandma, don't talk like that." 
Old Mrs. Horton just smiled. "It's going to happen eventually, honey. But with Keira by your side, I can rest easy." 
She patted his hand before turning to Keira. "Keira, my grandson's had a rough life. He's a little... difficult sometimes, but I hope you can be patient with him." 
Keira smiled and nodded. "Grandma, that's not fair. My husband is amazing." 
She glanced over at Lewis as she spoke. 
Sure enough, the heaviness in Lewis's expression softened, and he gave her a gentle, loving look. 
Old Mrs. Horton saw their exchange and couldn't help but grin. She cleared her throat. "You two haven't had lunch yet, right? Let's go eat something." 
Keira joked, "Grandma, I didn't cook today, so it might not taste as good!" 
Old Mrs. Horton laughed. "You've spoiled me! My taste buds are used to your cooking now." 
"I'll make you something special tonight!" 
After a cheerful meal, old Mrs. Horton went to take a nap. 
Keira and Lewis were about to take care of some things when Oliver came storming in, his face red with anger. The moment he saw Lewis, he opened his mouth to speak, but Lewis cut him off. "If you've got something to say, let's talk outside." 
Oliver glanced at old Mrs. Horton's room, then turned and walked out. 
Keira followed behind them, sensing something was off. 
The second they stepped outside, Oliver exploded. "Was it you? Did you tell Grandma to kick Selena out? Don't forget, she's not just your grandma, she's mine too!" 
Lewis just stared at him. "And?" 
"And starting tomorrow, Selena and Marisa are going to be checking in on Grandma morning and night." 
Lewis's jaw tightened, his eyes narrowing. 
Back when Jake and Melissa were still around, at least Melissa had some dignity and stopped visiting after Grandma snubbed her a few times. But Marisa and Selena? They had no shame, and apparently, they could take any kind of rejection. 
No wonder Oliver was completely under their control. 
Lewis looked down. "Grandma likes her peace and quiet." 
"That's just an excuse!" Oliver sneered. "If she likes quiet so much, why does she let you and Keira in to bother her?" 
He paused, noticing Erin standing nearby, clearly eavesdropping. His face turned red with anger. "And why's there some random outsider living here?" 
Erin blinked innocently and didn't look guilty at all. Instead, she grinned, cracked open a pistachio, and waved at Oliver. "I like it here. So what?" 
Oliver's face went even redder. 
He turned back to Lewis, his voice rising. "You may run this house, but that doesn't mean you get to treat me like this! I'm telling you, if you don't agree to let my people see Grandma, I'll make a scene!" 
He stepped closer, eyes blazing. "Grandma's not just yours. If you don't let my people in, I'll start yelling right here and now. You think Grandma will be able to rest with all that noise?" 
Lewis's face hardened. 
Oliver smirked, turning back toward the house. "So, you're not going to agree? Fine. I'll go wake Grandma up right now and ask her if she ever really wanted me as her grandson!"
###Chapter 707
707  Chapter 706 
Lewis's brow furrowed as he stepped in front of Oliver. His voice was icy, but his words hit like a sledgehammer. "You think you can disturb Grandma's rest? Try it, and I'll take your legs off." 
The intensity in his gaze sent a chill down Oliver's spine, and for a moment, he just stood there, frozen. 
He had never seen Lewis like this before. 
Sure, Lewis had always been intimidating, but he was usually calm, collected, and within the bounds of reason. This version of him, though, looked like he had just crawled out of hell. 
Oliver's legs nearly gave out under him, and he had to steady himself to avoid collapsing. 
Keira, noticing the tension, quietly walked over and slipped her hand into Lewis's. 
The second she touched him, the icy rage around Lewis seemed to melt away, and a sliver of calm returned to his eyes. It was like he had been pulled back from the brink of something dark and dangerous. 
Keira had long realized Lewis wasn't just an ordinary man. He played both sides—legal and not-so-legal—but he always kept a clean image in his own country, playing by the rules at home and being the voice of reason within the family. 
But now? Now was different. 
Keira had always sensed that beneath the surface, Lewis had a darker, more obsessive side—one that his grandmother had managed to keep in check all these years. She was the one thing holding him together, the one person who kept that darkness at bay. 
And Keira couldn't help but wonder: what would happen once Grandma was no longer around? What would Lewis become then? 
Her mind flashed back to something old Mrs. Horton had once said to her while holding her hand tightly. "If I'm gone, Lewis won't have anyone. He won't be able to handle it…" 
At the time, Keira had thought old Mrs. Horton was talking about emotional pain, but now she realized there might be something much deeper going on. 
She remembered the time they spent in Country A, where Lewis had promised to safely return the people who needed to be dealt with. Despite everything, the trip felt more like a quiet vacation without any real danger. 
Then there were the late-night meetings—Lewis speaking in languages she didn't understand, always on the phone, conducting business she could only guess at. 
It hit her suddenly: she didn't really know this man at all. 
Startled, Keira's grip on Lewis's hand loosened slightly, but almost immediately, he tightened his hold on her. 
Lewis took a deep breath, his cold expression slipping back into place as he faced Oliver. "I'll allow your people to visit Grandma in the mornings and evenings," he said, his tone controlled but firm. "But if Selena keeps stirring up drama about company shares or family relationships, I don't want to hear it again. And if Grandma tells them to leave, they'd better go immediately. If they pull any tricks, don't blame me for being ruthless." 
This was clearly a concession on Lewis's part, and Oliver, still shaken, let out a breath of relief. "Fine," he muttered. 
Without another word, he turned and walked off. Only after he was a good distance away did he realize he was drenched in sweat. 
As Oliver was leaving, he heard a soft voice. "How did it go, Oliver?" 
It was Marisa Walsh. Her gentle tone made Oliver pause for a second before he turned to face her. "It's done. Starting tomorrow, you and Selena can visit Grandma morning and night." 
He sighed, reaching out to take her hand. "Grandma's always been cold toward us. You might face some tough situations when you visit." 
Marisa smiled softly, giving his hand a reassuring squeeze. "It's okay. I can handle it. I've put up with worse for you. Being your mistress all these years, I've had to endure so many harsh looks, so what's a little more?" 
Her words struck a chord, and Oliver felt a wave of emotion. "Marisa, I'm so sorry for everything…" 
"There's no need," Marisa said, shaking her head gently. 
Just then, Selena walked over, timing her entrance perfectly. "Mom, why haven't you ever told Dad about the things you've been through?" 
Marisa immediately frowned. "Selena, don't start." 
But Oliver's curiosity was piqued. "What is it? What's she talking about?" 
Selena sighed dramatically. "Back when your wife was around, she would go out of her way to humiliate Mom, even telling the stores not to let her shop. She made sure all those society ladies knew Mom was your mistress, Dad, and because of that, none of them would ever invite her to anything. Mom's spent all these years cooped up in that empty house, just waiting for you." 
Hearing this, Oliver's expression darkened. "That wretched woman! I told her to treat you better, but behind my back, she was pulling stunts like that!" 
Selena let out a long sigh. "Mom didn't want to cause any trouble, so she always avoided events where Mrs. Horton might show up. But no matter how hard she tried, she'd still run into her, and every time, Mrs. Horton would bully her, even getting the other ladies to gang up on her. They all look down on her, calling her a homewrecker, saying she broke up your marriage." 
Marisa immediately tried to downplay it. "Selena, enough. In a marriage, the one who isn't loved is the real outsider. I've never cared about what people say." 
Tears welled up in Selena's eyes. "I know you don't care, Mom. And I don't care about being called an illegitimate child either." 
Marisa quickly wiped at her own tears. "Sweetheart, why are you talking like that? Have you been treated unfairly because of your background?"
###Chapter 708
708  Chapter 707 
Oliver immediately looked over at Selena, concern filling his eyes. 
Tears welled up as Selena cried, "It's nothing, really. I'm fine." 
Seeing her trying to hold back her emotions only made Oliver feel worse. "What happened? Tell me now!" 
Clearly upset, Selena looked at him, her voice trembling. "It's just... my mother-in-law keeps bringing up my background. She says I'm just an illegitimate child, and marrying her son was the luckiest thing to ever happen to me. She even told me to learn from my mom, be more tolerant, let my husband have other women, and have more kids... And she also said..." 
Marisa quickly interrupted, anxious. "And what else did she say?" 
Selena's voice cracked as she continued, "She said that when I have kids, they'll have to be raised by her. Having children with my illegitimate status would just be embarrassing! How could I ever live with that?" She sobbed harder now. 
Marisa's expression turned to anger. "How could she say such things? This is all my fault! I ruined your future because I was the other woman. My poor daughter, you're suffering because of me..." 
Selena gently replied, "Mom, I'm okay. I don't care about those things. But lately, I keep thinking about it, and the idea of being separated from my children someday makes me really sad." 
Marisa sighed deeply. "Is that why you seemed so upset in front of Grandma today? Is that why she kicked you out?" 
Selena nodded, her eyes red from crying. "That's part of it. Uncle taking over Great-Grandma's care didn't help either. I mean, who wouldn't want to be surrounded by happy family members? But really, it's fine." 
She wiped her tears. "Dad, I'm okay. Tomorrow, I'll smile more, I promise." 
Marisa, though, was inconsolable. "If you force yourself to smile like that, it just breaks my heart even more. How can we continue like this, trying to care for Grandma when we're this miserable?" 
Both mother and daughter began crying again, and Oliver, feeling helpless, started to panic. "Stop crying, Selena! You've been through so much all these years, and I had no idea how much you've suffered because of your background. That's it! I'll divorce Melissa right now! I'll marry your mother, and we'll see who dares to speak ill of you ever again!" 
Hearing this, Selena exchanged a glance with Marisa. 
"Dad, I don't think that's a good idea," Selena said quickly. "Jake is still your son..." 
Marisa nodded in agreement. "Yes, exactly. We're fine. If you do that, how will Jake ever feel comfortable coming back home?" 
Oliver, who had been frustrated just moments ago by their tears, now felt a strange sense of relief when they opposed his suggestion. He had expected them to take advantage of his offer, but their reluctance made him feel oddly at ease. 
"It's settled!" he said, feeling confident. "I'll talk to Melissa tomorrow, and we'll get a divorce." 
Without waiting for a response, Oliver walked off. "I'm calling her now!" 
As soon as he was out of earshot, Marisa and Selena exchanged sly smiles. 
Selena lowered her voice. "Mom, once you marry Dad, I'll finally have my share of the Horton family stocks." 
Marisa nodded with satisfaction. "Exactly. I've waited patiently for this day all these years, and now it's finally happening!" 
Selena paused before asking, "But... did you ever actually love Dad?" 
Marisa pushed her hair behind her ear, letting out a cold laugh. "Love? What does that even mean? Sweetie, remember this: the only thing that truly matters is the money you have in your hands. As for men... they're just tools. If they have money, sure, maybe you can talk about love. If they don't, what's there to even talk about?" 
Marisa glanced at Oliver as he made his call. 
Selena grinned. "I get it, Mom." 
Just then, Oliver came back. "It's done. We're heading to the courthouse tomorrow." 
Marisa smiled. "Good." 
Neither of them had any idea that, just a short distance away, Keira had overheard everything. 
She chuckled quietly to herself before turning to leave. 
Oliver couldn't see through Marisa and Selena's true intentions right now. But that didn't matter. His arrogance didn't matter either... 
Because the day Grandma was no longer around would be the day he was kicked out of the family. 
Once he lost everything, he would finally see everyone's true colors. 
Keira wasn't in any rush, nor did she have any intention of interfering with the drama between the Hortons. She quietly turned and walked back to old Mrs. Horton's house. 
Lewis was standing nearby, trying to calm himself down. 
Keira approached him and asked, "Are you really going to let them see Grandma?" 
Lewis lowered his gaze. "Grandma never says much, but she enjoys having her family around. So, they should come and pay their respects. But just how sincere they'll be... who knows?" 
He gave a bitter laugh. "Besides, Grandma's no fool. Don't worry." 
Keira understood immediately. 
Grandma wouldn't give up her shares just because of a few weeks of forced affection from these people. On the contrary, they would have to jump through hoops trying to win her over for their own gain. 
Making Grandma happy was Lewis's top priority at the moment. 
No wonder he was willing to let Oliver's family come around. 
As Keira pondered all this, her phone suddenly rang. 
She frowned, seeing an unknown number on the screen. She hesitated before answering, and on the other end, a voice came through. "Bunny? Hey, it's Lion."
###Chapter 709
709  Chapter 708 
Keira froze for a moment, frowning slightly as she asked, "Oh? What's up?" 
The voice on the other end was female, altered through a voice changer. She laughed and said, "You're the one who took Professor Barry Brandt, aren't you?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "What if I did? And what if I didn't?" 
"Impressive, but not quite enough," the woman sneered. "You think just because you've got access to Crera's resources, you can compete with me? Let me tell you, I'm not some pushover in Crera." 
Keira's voice remained calm. "So?" 
"I'm going to absorb your faction! That's the endgame of this battle for the inheritance of the Olsen family!" 
All the heirs had to compete, and the one who emerged victorious would merge the others' forces into their own, bringing this new power back to the Olsen family. No wonder the Olsens kept growing stronger over the years. 
Keira felt like she was starting to understand the bigger picture. She glanced at Lewis, who had already started tracing the call. 
Drawing out her words deliberately, she asked, "How exactly do you plan to merge with me? Why don't we talk about a partnership instead?" 
The woman chuckled. "That's what this call is for. I know you've already teamed up with Fox, though I don't know who she is. If you help me take down Fox, I'll consider accepting your surrender." 
"Take down Fox?" Keira shot a glance at Erin, who was standing a bit further away. Erin suddenly felt a chill down her spine, instinctively rubbing the back of her neck before looking over at Keira. 
Keira smiled. "It's not entirely out of the question, but how do I know that once Fox is gone, you'll actually let me join you?" 
The woman replied, "Take down Fox, and I'll let you come to Country A to meet me." 
Keira looked back at Lewis, who nodded. She smiled. "I'll think about it." 
After hanging up, she turned to Lewis. "Did you trace it?" 
Lewis answered, "It was a VoIP call, so tracking it to a specific person is impossible, but I got the general region." 
Keira was familiar with tech too, so she nodded. "But you can at least track the location of the IP." 
Lewis grinned. "Exactly. Lion's not in Country A. Can you guess where she is?" 
Keira's eyes widened. "Crera?" 
Lewis nodded. 
Keira's jaw dropped. "She's really in Crera? She's got some nerve!" 
Country A was her home turf, but if she was in Crera, that meant she was here alone, deep in enemy territory. 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
Erin had been right—people in their line of work shouldn't expose their identities. Keira had no idea who this 'Lion' was, but apparently, everyone knew who she was. That kind of imbalance was dangerous. 
Lewis patted her shoulder reassuringly. "Don't worry. We may not know who she is yet, but things always have a way of sorting themselves out. We'll deal with her when the time comes." 
Keira nodded. "Alright, but until then, everyone needs to be extra careful when going out." 
"Don't sweat it," Lewis said with a calm smile. "Crera has strict regulations. She won't dare to make a move here." 
— 
The next morning, after breakfast with old Mrs. Horton, Keira got ready to head out. 
Although she was investing in Jake, this was more of a partnership. And even though it was labeled an 'investment,' she wasn't about to just throw everything his way and stay hands-off. 
Today, she was headed to attend their first board meeting together. 
However, just as she was about to leave, Jake arrived. 
Keira was a bit surprised. "What are you doing here?" 
Jake smiled politely. "Just wanted to stop by and say hi to Great-Grandma." 
Keira stepped aside to let him in. 
Jake walked over to old Mrs. Horton, bowing slightly. "Great-Grandma, I came to check in on you." 
Now that he was out of the oppressive atmosphere of the main Horton household, Jake felt like he was finally waking up. 
Back then, his father, Oliver, constantly complained about how biased old Mrs. Horton was toward Lewis, accusing her of treating their side of the family poorly. That had made Jake keep his distance from her, too. 
But just yesterday, someone had secretly approached him and handed him a bank card with a hundred grand in it. The person was Fiona. 
The money was a gift from old Mrs. Horton. 
Jake realized she hadn't even known about Keira's investment in him, yet she still gave him money. 
A memory flashed in his mind—when he was little, he once snuck into Great-Grandma's house. His father always told him that she was a monster. But when he saw her that day, she had smiled at him kindly, waving him over and offering him a cookie. 
It tasted amazing. But when he got home, his father screamed at him and beat him, warning him never to go there again. 
Looking back, Jake had always kept his distance from old Mrs. Horton—not out of hate, but because of the way he'd been raised.
###Chapter 710
710  Chapter 709 
But just yesterday, Jake realized that his great-grandmother truly cared about him. 
"A mother can only be kind and loving if her children show her respect and care." Oliver was always complaining that his grandmother didn't like him, but he had been fourteen when he came home, and his intentions toward her were far from pure. How could she possibly like him? 
"Think about it—if someone approaches you for their own benefit, would you want to be around them?" 
Jake's eyes reddened. 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at him with a smile. "I heard you're starting a business, so I've prepared these for you. Take good care of yourself out there!" 
The elderly woman patted Jake's hand. 
Jake's tears fell instantly. 
Old Mrs. Horton continued. "To be a good person, you must first be true to yourself. You are you, not someone's son, grandson, or great-grandson. What you want, go and fight for it—that's what really matters!" 
Jake's eyes reddened even more. "I understand." 
"Alright, go on now." 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled. "You can come visit me sometimes." 
Jake nodded immediately. "I will." 
As he stood up and prepared to leave, he ran into Selena and Marisa, who had just entered. Upon seeing Jake, Selena and Marisa both froze, then turned their gaze toward him. 
Marisa said, "Jake, you're home? Is it that you can't manage out there? If that's the case, let me know, and I'll arrange some money for you and your mom…" 
Selena added. "Mom, don't say that. Jake and his mom wouldn't need your money. They used to look down on you!" 
"Why not? If they're struggling now, what's wrong with offering them some money?" 
Marisa said condescendingly, "And Jake, about your mom and dad—if you ask me, your mom has a lot of issues. She should really change her attitude. As a woman, she should be more gentle. She's too harsh. Your dad often complains to me that she's a shrew. You should pass this message to her and have her change. That way, maybe your dad will take you both back…" 
Jake's anger flared up. "Shut up! You're just a mistress—what right do you have to talk about my mom?!" 
Marisa immediately retorted, "What mistress? That's such a harsh thing to say. Your dad and I truly love each other…" 
As she spoke, her eyes welled up with tears. 
Selena chimed in, "Jake, how can you speak to my mom like that? Is this how you treat your elders? I always show respect when I'm with your mom. How can you treat mine like this?" 
Jake found their behavior ridiculous. "My mom is my dad's legitimate wife. Yours is a mistress—why should I be polite to her?" 
At that moment, a sharp voice came from the doorway. 
Oliver stormed in, fuming. "What nonsense are you spouting? How dare you speak to Aunt Marisa like that? You're so disrespectful!" 
Without saying another word, he walked straight up to Jake and slapped him hard across the face. 
"Smack!" 
The sound was so loud it made Keira wince. Jake's face was immediately swollen, and blood even trickled from the corner of his mouth. 
Even with this, Jake simply wiped his mouth and smirked coldly. 
Oliver glared at him. "Apologize to Aunt Marisa!" 
Jake looked him straight in the eye. "I won't." 
"Apologize!" 
"I said no!" 
Oliver reached out again to hit Jake, but this time, Jake could no longer tolerate it. He grabbed Oliver's wrist and pushed him back with force. 
Oliver staggered back a few steps, and Marisa rushed over to support him. 
Oliver was enraged. "Scoundrel! How dare you lay a hand on me?!" 
Selena also spoke up. "Jake, how can you treat Dad like this? Since you left the Horton family, you've become completely unreasonable!" 
Marisa sighed. "I know you don't like me, but you can't treat your own father like this. Jake, you really need to learn some manners!" 
Jake looked at the two women in front of him, then turned to Oliver. "Dad, she's publicly criticizing my mom. Do you really think she deserves respect?" 
Oliver fumed, "How is she unworthy? She's leagues better than your mom. Marisa has always loved me the most. She's been with me for years, not seeking my money or status… Just for that, you should be respectful and call her Aunt Marisa!" 
Jake scoffed. "You think she and her daughter don't care about your money? Let me tell you, my mom is the one who truly cares about you!" 
"Your mom is always talking about money. Marisa is different!" Oliver declared confidently. 
Jake sneered. "Fine, if that's the case, why doesn't she sign a contract agreeing not to inherit your fortune in the future?" 
At this, Marisa's expression instantly froze!
###Chapter 711
711  Chapter 710 
Oliver sneered, "Do you really think Marisa is interested in my money? Are you afraid I'll leave everything to Selena after I'm gone? How dare you say something like that." 
Marisa sighed in relief upon hearing this. 
Oliver continued, "But if needed, Marisa will definitely sign." 
Jake chuckled, "If she dares to sign, I'll admit she's not after your money and will call her Aunt Marisa respectfully. How about that?" 
Oliver's eyes lit up, "And then you'll come back and apologize?" 
Jake stared at him, "Exactly!" 
Oliver sneered, "I knew you wouldn't last out there. If you and your mom come back to apologize, I might let you both in. It's just a contract, after all. Marisa will definitely sign!" 
He turned to Marisa, "Honey, let's draft a contract to show them how sincere you are!" 
Marisa's eyes widened. 
She bit her lip, "But…" 
Jake scoffed, "What, afraid to sign? Marisa, I should remind you that once this contract is signed, it will be strictly enforced. The Horton family's contracts are reviewed by rigorous lawyers, and the division of assets will follow the contract to the letter!" 
He stepped closer to Marisa, "So, are you willing to sign? My mom can go through with a divorce; are you brave enough to do the same?" 
Marisa bit her lip and squinted her eyes. 
She glanced nervously at Selena. 
Selena immediately gave her a knowing look, and Marisa understood. She declared, "I'll do it! My feelings for your father can't be measured by money!" 
Oliver laughed, "Jake, did you hear that? She'll do it!" 
Jake was taken aback by Marisa's words. 
But just then, Selena said, "Dad, don't let Jake mislead you. Aren't you here to finalize the divorce today?" 
She sighed, "Jake, if you want to come home, just do it. There's no need to use my mom as an excuse. Even if Dad divorces your mom and marries mine, my mom won't be as overbearing as yours. She'll treat you both well." 
Jake's eyes widened, "You're divorcing my mom today?" 
Oliver sneered, "Yes. Since you've moved out and are talking about divorce, let's get the paperwork done today!" 
Oliver thought his plan was brilliant! 
He didn't actually want a divorce… 
No matter what, Melissa had given him a son. Although her personality wasn't as pleasant as Marisa's, and she wasn't entirely devoted to him, she had taken good care of his daily needs. 
If Melissa could accept Marisa and her daughter after this, then this commotion wouldn't have been in vain! 
Oliver was confident Jake wouldn't dare let his mom get a divorce. 
After all, if the divorce happened, they would get nothing! 
He looked at Jake with confidence and saw the latter immediately take out his phone. "Great, you're finally agreeing to the divorce. I'll notify my mom right now!" 
Oliver was stunned. 
He frowned, his good mood vanishing in an instant. 
This wasn't how it was supposed to be… 
Jake must be bluffing. Besides, with Melissa's attitude, how could she dare to get divorced? Moving out was already her biggest act of courage! 
As he was thinking, Jake dialed the number, "Mom, Dad agrees to get the divorce today… Okay? We'll meet at the courthouse." 
After hanging up, Jake looked at Oliver. "Let's go so Mom doesn't get impatient." 
Oliver's brows furrowed tightly. 
He sneered, "Let's go then! Marisa, let's go together!" 
Marisa nodded immediately. 
Oliver assessed Jake's expression and, seeing no reaction, said, "Get your documents. I'm divorcing her and marrying you. How convenient!" 
Marisa's eyes brightened, "Alright." 
Jake said, "That might not be possible." 
Oliver immediately laughed. 
"Look at that, the little brat is running out of excuses…" 
He believed Jake wouldn't let his mom get divorced. If the divorce really happened, he and his mother would have no more ties to the Horton family! 
Oliver looked down at Jake with disdain, "What? Are you having second thoughts? Let me tell you, it's too late! Unless you kneel and apologize properly and marry Eve Clark, you and your mom can forget about coming back!" 
Marisa, hearing this, panicked, "Oliver, aren't you marrying me?" 
Oliver looked at her, "It's just a certificate. Marisa, haven't you always said you don't care?" 
Marisa was taken aback by his words. 
Oliver then turned to Jake, "So, have you made up your mind?" 
Jake almost rolled his eyes. 
How did he ever fear this father? Now, he seemed just ordinary and overconfident beyond belief!
###Chapter 712 Chapter 711
712  Chapter 711 
Oliver glanced at Jake, who hadn't spoken in a while, and sneered, "Didn't you just say it wasn't going to happen? Why are you quiet now? Let me tell you, if you want to change your mind, this is your last chance!" 
Jake lowered his eyes and said, "I said it wasn't going to happen because... the courthouse doesn't process divorces and marriages on the same day. Dad, don't you even know that basic fact?" 
Oliver was dumbfounded. 
His expression darkened instantly, and the smugness on his face disappeared. He glared at Jake angrily. "Is that how you talk to me?" 
Jake remained calm, "I'm just giving you some basic information." 
Oliver took a deep breath. "Fine, fine. You ungrateful brat, today, I'm going to throw both you and your mother out of the house!" 
After saying that, he strode toward the door. 
Seeing this, Jake followed behind him. 
Marisa and Selena glanced at old Mrs. Horton, then at Oliver. In the end, they decided to follow him as well. After all, the divorce was a big deal for them. 
Without the divorce, Marisa and Oliver couldn't get married, and Selena couldn't go from being an illegitimate daughter to being officially recognized as a Horton! 
Jake turned to Keira and said, "The board meeting…" 
He paused, unsure how to ask for time off. 
After all, right now, the company's board consists of just two of them. 
As he was thinking, Oliver interrupted, "What's wrong? Trying to make excuses to skip it? Your company just started. What kind of board meeting could you possibly be holding?" 
Jake frowned. "What I meant was that the board meeting can wait. I'm going with my mom to the courthouse." 
Keira nodded, "Alright, finish up your business, and we'll reschedule." 
She glanced at Lewis and old Mrs. Horton. 
Since they had all agreed to spend more time with the old lady, Keira figured it was best for her not to leave the house either. So, she told Jake, "After you're done, just report back on the company's progress here at home." 
Old Mrs. Horton liked Jake, and Keira knew this would give him more chances to visit the old lady, which might help soften some of the distance in the family. 
Sure enough, after Keira spoke, a faint smile appeared on old Mrs. Horton's face. 
Though subtle, Keira noticed it. 
She couldn't help but sigh. 
It was true—elders always hold deep feelings for their children and grandchildren. 
Jake understood what Keira was getting at. He looked at old Mrs. Horton and nodded. "Okay, from now on, I'll come by every day to give you updates on the company." 
He also realized that old Mrs. Horton didn't have much time left. 
The more days he could spend with her, the better. 
After saying his goodbyes to old Mrs. Horton, Jake followed Oliver out the door. 
Oliver's car was parked in the garage, so they all walked out together. On the way, Selena looked at Jake and suddenly laughed, "Jake, are you really planning on visiting Great-Grandma every day? Is it because you're after her shares?" 
Oliver scoffed, "Him? The old lady would never leave her shares to him! She's always had it out for our family. Do you think visiting her every day will get you anywhere? You're just wasting your time. I bet he's just looking for an excuse to come home." 
Jake kept his face tight and said nothing. 
When they reached the garage, Oliver stood next to his car and looked at Jake. "You're just starting out, and you don't even have a car. How do you plan to get to the courthouse?" 
To his surprise, Jake pulled out a bus card. "I took the bus here, so I'll take it back." 
Oliver was stunned. "You're going to take the bus?" 
Jake smiled. "Why not? If other people can take it, why can't I? Dad, I've already told you I'm not relying on you anymore, so don't expect to control my life!" 
With that, Jake turned and walked off. 
Oliver stared at his son's straight back, his face twisting in anger. "That little bastard! He's trying to make me feel sorry for him, isn't he? With that attitude, there's no way I'd ever pity him! What did I do to deserve such a disrespectful son?!" 
Selena immediately latched onto his arm. "Dad, you still have me and Mom." 
Oliver finally relaxed a little. "Yes, I still have you two." 
He got in the car. "Let's go. We'll see if his mother has the guts to follow through!" 
He let out a cold laugh. 
Jake had grown up and started rebelling, which wasn't surprising. But Oliver was certain Melissa wouldn't dare show up at the courthouse to actually divorce him! 
He could already picture her calling in a little while, making excuses like she didn't have transportation. 
Or maybe she'd show up and claim she forgot her ID. Either way, today's divorce wouldn't happen. 
Feeling confident, Oliver drove straight to the civil office. 
Sure enough, when he arrived, Melissa and Jake were nowhere to be seen. He immediately called Melissa, "Where are you? Don't tell me you're backing out now." 
But before he could finish, he heard a hurried voice from around the corner. "I'm here, I'm here!" 
Oliver snapped his head around and saw Melissa wearing sneakers and pedaling up to him on a rental bike. 
###Chapter 713 Chapter 712
713  Chapter 712 
Oliver paused, slightly taken aback. "How did you end up like this?" 
Melissa immediately retorted, "What do you mean? I'm doing just fine!" 
As she finished speaking, she glanced toward the entrance. "Hasn't Jake arrived yet?" 
Although Melissa used to be afraid of Oliver, her perspective shifted after living on her own for a while. She realized it wasn't the divorce she feared but the change. 
Jake could now support her financially, and she still spent her days at home. With an allowance coming in, she didn't have to worry about food or drink, only the occasional grocery run. Most importantly, after leaving that house, her expectations of Oliver disappeared. In the past, she had dreaded those lonely nights in their sprawling master bedroom, yearning for Oliver to come home and keep her company instead of running off to see "her". Now, her small apartment was cozy enough. There was a community center downstairs where seniors gathered. At first, she'd felt a bit awkward joining the dance group, but soon she fit right in. After living this way for some time, she found herself genuinely enjoying it. 
Life outside that luxurious cage was colorful and vibrant. She realized that leaving the upper class behind didn't mean losing freedom—it meant gaining it. 
Oliver sneered at her response. "He's taking the bus over. How fast do you think he'll be here?" 
Just then, Jake came jogging over. "Mom, I took the subway after the bus. It's way faster than driving!" 
Oliver felt his temper rising, seeing the two of them so comfortable. Barely holding back his frustration, he let out a cold laugh. "We're here to finalize the divorce. Did you bring your papers?" 
Melissa froze for a second. "Oh, right!" 
She quickly rummaged through her bag. Oliver breathed a sigh of relief, already anticipating the outcome. With another sneer, he added, "Don't tell me… you forgot your ID, didn't you?" 
But the next moment, Melissa pulled her ID out of her bag. "Got it! Let's hurry inside." 
Oliver stood there, dumbfounded, his face darkening. "Melissa, are you really sure about this divorce?" 
Melissa blinked. "Weren't you the one who wanted it?" 
An unexpected wave of anger surged through Oliver. For some reason, her indifferent attitude irritated him. "Fine, let's do it. Let's get this over with!" 
They entered the courthouse together, only to be informed that they had to wait for a 30-day cooling-off period before the divorce could be processed. 
Oliver felt a strange sense of relief wash over him, almost as if the delay had given him some unspoken hope. 
After the staff handed them both forms, Oliver glanced at the section on asset division and sneered. "You're really not asking for anything?" 
Melissa looked him in the eye. "When we got married, I didn't have much, and over the years, I blew through whatever I had. So, no, I don't need anything." 
Oliver gave a harsh laugh. "Weren't you always after my money? The moment the company handed out dividends, you'd be right there, asking for your share!" 
Melissa gave a bitter smile as she thought back to the past. "Yeah, I did that because I knew if I didn't spend it, you'd just give it to her. I didn't want that, so I made sure to take it." 
Oliver paused, taken aback. 
Marisa sighed dramatically. "Melissa, why do this? Just to prove a point? You're making Oliver feel so guilty!" 
17:11 
Melissa scoffed. "If that's the case, why don't you give me half of the company's shares? Would you let him do that?" 
Melissa continued, "But now, it doesn't matter. Once we're divorced, you can give her as much as you want. It won't have anything to do with me." 
Oliver felt a knot of frustration in his chest. Her indifference, especially toward the money, made him feel even more irritated. But he couldn't explain why he was so angry. 
He laughed bitterly. "Fine. Don't come crying to me later!" 
With that, he stormed out. 
Marisa and Selena were waiting by the entrance. The moment Oliver stepped outside, Marisa rushed over. "Did you get the divorce?" 
Oliver responded, "There's a mandatory one-month cooling-off period." 
Marisa frowned. "What kind of rule is that? Melissa must've done something to stall it!" 
Selena nudged her. "Mom, it's a new law." 
Marisa finally fell silent, though she kept glancing over at Melissa. She then turned to Oliver, asking directly, "So, Oliver, how much are we giving Melissa as a settlement?" 
Oliver's frustration flared up again. "Nothing." 
"Nothing?" Marisa said with feigned surprise. "But what about her living expenses?" 
Before Oliver could respond, Melissa stepped forward. "Don't worry about me. My son can take care of me!" 
Marisa sighed dramatically. "Melissa, why do this? Just to prove a point? You're making Oliver feel so guilty!" 
Melissa scoffed. "If that's the case, why don't you give me half of the company's shares? Would you let him do that?" 
Marisa's expression froze. 
Oliver gave a harsh laugh. "So, you're still after my money after all!" 
Melissa looked at the man she had loved for most of her life. Now, at fifty, how many good years did she have left? 
She chuckled coldly. "Oliver, open your eyes. The person who's been eyeing your money all along… has always been her." 
###Chapter 714 Chapter 713
714  Chapter 713 
Oliver scoffed. "What nonsense are you spouting? If she was really after my money, she wouldn't have stayed with me for all these years without a proper title." 
Melissa shook her head. "Fine. But one day, when you lose everything, let's see if she'll still be by your side." 
Marisa immediately stepped forward. "Melissa, don't project your own thoughts onto everyone else. I will always stay by Oliver's side." 
Melissa let out a sarcastic laugh. "Sure, he might never lose his money in this lifetime, so you can keep playing this role forever..." 
She then lowered her gaze and said, "Oliver, back when I married you, I didn't bring much money. But at that time, you were just an unrecognized son in the family, and I'd heard how rough your situation was at home. I could've chosen someone better, but I picked you because I genuinely loved you once. So, let's part ways peacefully." 
After saying this, Melissa left with Jake, walking away without looking back. 
Oliver watched them leave, his jaw clenched tightly. 
In the end, he drove Marisa and Selena back home. 
--- 
The next morning, when Keira woke up and came downstairs, she saw Jake walking with old Mrs. Horton in the garden. Not far off, Selena and Marisa were standing there, their faces showing a mix of emotions as they watched them. 
What surprised Keira the most was that Melissa was there, too. At that moment, Melissa was bowing respectfully to old Mrs. Horton, apologizing. "Mrs. Horton, I'm so sorry... I've done so many things in the past that made you angry…" 
Old Mrs. Horton simply waved it off. "It's all in the past." 
Melissa lifted her head. "But I still want to offer a sincere apology. From now on, I won't come around anymore. I'll let Jake spend more time with you." 
"Alright." 
Old Mrs. Horton continued her walk with Jake. 
Melissa then turned her gaze toward Keira and Lewis. She walked up to them and bowed again. 
Keira quickly stepped aside, feeling awkward. Melissa gave a bitter smile. "Lewis, Keira, I owe both of you an apology. I used to think that your existence took away what rightfully belonged to the main branch of the family. I always hoped that Mrs. Horton would give us some shares, thinking that was the only fair way. But now, I finally understand... all of that belongs to Mrs. Horton, and it's her choice who to give it to. I was foolish." 
Melissa's change in attitude was so drastic that Keira almost didn't recognize her. 
Gone were the luxurious clothes, replaced by something simple. Without makeup, Melissa looked older by at least five years, yet her overall demeanor had improved significantly. The bitterness she used to carry had faded, and she seemed more at peace. 
In the past, Melissa had constantly sought Oliver's attention, believing that if she could get a portion of Mrs. Horton's shares, Oliver would finally devote himself to her... 
In the end, she was just another tragic figure. 
Keira gave a slight nod in acknowledgment. 
Lewis also lowered his eyes and said, "There's no need for apologies." 
Melissa smiled faintly, then turned and walked toward the exit. 
As she reached the door, Oliver came in. The two faced each other briefly. Oliver frowned and sneered, "You were so defiant yesterday, but now you're here to see Grandma? What's the plan? Hoping she'll convince me not to go through with the divorce?" 
Without even glancing at him, Melissa replied, "I won't miss the appointment in a month." 
With that, she walked away. 
Oliver's expression darkened as he stormed inside to greet old Mrs. Horton before heading to work at the Horton Group. 
Old Mrs. Horton said, "Have you really thought this through? Melissa might not have treated me well, but she's always been loyal to you." 
Oliver frowned. "Marisa's loyal to me too." 
Old Mrs. Horton glanced at Marisa, smiling faintly, but said nothing more. 
Oliver headed out the door, but as he reached the threshold, he suddenly turned back. He saw Marisa and Selena fawning over old Mrs. Horton, their faces filled with sincerity. 
Meanwhile, Jake and Keira had moved aside to discuss some investments. 
Marisa and Selena's devotion toward old Mrs. Horton appeared genuine, their smiles showing no hint of deception. 
Oliver chuckled to himself. 
Melissa never learned how to play this game. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't win over old Mrs. Horton's favor. But look at Marisa and Selena, how easily they'd become favorites... Maybe, just maybe, they could actually secure some of those shares one day. 
The thought made Oliver freeze. 
He looked back at Marisa and Selena, seeing the same bright smiles they always showed him. 
But these two women cursed old Mrs. Horton for being unfair almost every day in private... 
If they could put on such an act for old Mrs. Horton, could it be that they were putting on the same act for him? 
Oliver's eyes widened in realization. 
Suddenly, Melissa's words echoed in his mind. "One day, when you lose everything, let's see if she'll still be by your side!" 
His gaze shifted to Marisa. 
###Chapter 715 Chapter 714
715  Chapter 714 
Oliver glanced at Marisa and suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. 
If Marisa could fake her behavior this well in front of Grandma, was it possible she was faking it around him, too? 
But then, Oliver quickly dismissed the thought. 
Sure, someone could pretend for a day, a month, maybe even a year—but no one could keep up an act for twenty-five years, could they? 
Selena was twenty-three now, and Marisa had been with him for twenty-five years… 
"What am I even thinking?" 
Besides, he wasn't going to end up with nothing. 
Not only was he fine now, but even when Grandma eventually passed, her estate would be split evenly. Just one percent of Horton Group's shares amounted to hundreds of millions—if not billions—of dollars. 
With that thought, Oliver quietly left the room. 
Meanwhile, Keira and Jake were discussing the future development of the company, and Jake, as if he were giving an official report, even pulled up a PowerPoint presentation for her. 
He looked just like he did back in college, taking things so seriously… 
Keira couldn't help but smile. 
From the corner of his eye, Lewis noticed this, and his gaze deepened. 
Nearby, Marisa and Selena were busy peeling grapes for old Mrs. Horton, meticulously removing the skin and seeds before handing them to her. 
Old Mrs. Horton was thoroughly enjoying being pampered. 
Lewis, on the other hand, picked up a glass of water and walked over to Keira. "Have some water." 
He interrupted their conversation. 
Keira took the glass, sipped the water, and handed it back to him. 
Lewis then sat down right beside her, unusually close, and looked at the PowerPoint Jake had made. 
Keira suddenly felt a tickle near her ear. She turned her head, and her cheek brushed against Lewis's face. That's when she realized just how close he was sitting. 
Keira tried to shift away, but Lewis's arm slid around her waist, pulling her even closer. 
Keira shot him a look but stayed silent. 
Jake caught sight of the interaction and, with a bitter smile flashing across his face, raised his head and said, "Aunt Keira, what do you think of this proposal?" 
The title change clearly pleased Lewis. 
Before Keira could answer, Lewis pointed at a few spots on the presentation. "Here, here, and here. These three areas…" 
In just a few succinct words, Lewis pointed out the flaws in the presentation. 
His straightforwardness gave Jake an epiphany. 
Jake looked at Lewis in awe. 
In the past, he used to feel resentful, thinking that his uncle only held his position as chairman of Horton Group because of old Mrs. Horton's favor and his seniority. 
After all, Lewis had never worked in an entry-level position and only handled the company's big-picture decisions. 
That big picture? Jake used to think he could handle it too… 
But now, at this moment, he understood the vast difference between him and his uncle. 
Even though there was only a three or four-year age gap between them, the difference in experience and vision was like night and day. 
Jake's respect for him deepened. 
Even though Lewis didn't say much, there were parts that Jake couldn't fully grasp. 
Noticing his confusion, Keira chimed in to explain whenever he seemed lost, helping him clarify his thoughts. 
Watching the two of them work together like that, Jake suddenly felt like they were the moon and the sun—shining so brightly that everything else around them seemed dim in comparison. 
He listened more intently, and his attitude became even more humble. 
By the time the discussion wrapped up, Jake, who had come in with a vague understanding of things, now had a crystal-clear idea of what the company's direction should be. 
Standing up, he addressed Lewis and Keira. "Uncle Lewis, Aunt Keira, thank you. I know what I need to do now!" 
There was a newfound respect in his voice. 
Lewis was clearly pleased. "Good. If you have any more questions, don't hesitate to ask me." 
Jake nodded gratefully. 
Once Jake left, Lewis coughed lightly and muttered, "Jake's talent is pretty average." 
Keira immediately laughed. "He's already doing well for an ordinary person. Not everyone can be like you." 
Lewis reached over to ruffle her hair. "I think you and I are the same." 
Keira didn't respond to that. 
She had noticed for a while now that she wasn't quite like most people. She seemed a little too smart. No matter what it was, she picked it up quickly, and she never forgot anything… 
Physically, she was also stronger than most. The only downside was her occasional iron deficiency. 
Thinking about it, she glanced over at Erin, who was sitting nearby, snacking on pistachios while watching cartoons. Were all the South members like this? 
Probably not… 
Shaking her head, Keira turned her attention back to old Mrs. Horton. 
Marisa and Selena were still working hard to keep the old woman entertained, and old Mrs. Horton's laughter filled the room. Keira couldn't help but smile as well. 
But then, just as she was lost in thought, old Mrs. Horton's laughter froze on her face. 
Suddenly, she collapsed onto the table! 
Keira shot to her feet. "Grandma!" 
Her sudden shout startled Lewis as well. 
###Chapter 716
716  Chapter 715 
Marisa and Selena were just as stunned. 
They quickly called out, "Mrs. Horton! Mrs. Horton!" 
Keira and Lewis rushed over. Without a word, Lewis pushed them aside, his hands trembling as he reached out to check if his grandma was still breathing. He hesitated, fear creeping into his eyes. His fingers shook, and even his eyes reddened with the effort to hold back tears. 
Just when everything seemed to blur around him, a steadying voice broke through, "She's okay." 
It snapped him back to reality. He turned to see Keira holding old Mrs. Horton's wrist, checking her pulse. Clearly, she had sensed the pulse immediately and spoke up to ease his worry. 
Lewis let out a relieved breath, finally daring to place his hand under old Mrs. Horton's nose. Feeling her faint breath, he relaxed. 
Keira spoke up again, "She just fainted. It's normal. She's too weak right now." 
After saying that, she withdrew her hand. 
Lewis gently picked up his grandmother and carried her to the bedroom. Kneeling by her bedside, he pressed her frail hand against his face. 
Keira didn't say anything and just silently stayed by his side. 
Marisa and Selena didn't dare leave either and stood guard nearby. Soon, Oliver and Nathan arrived after hearing the news. 
Oliver kept his composure, but Nathan's eyes were red as he looked at their aging mother. 
After what seemed like an eternity, old Mrs. Horton finally opened her eyes. 
Lewis immediately appeared by her side, calling out softly, "Grandma." 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled. "Did I fall asleep?" 
Her eyes wandered around the room, taking in everyone present. 
"You did," Lewis replied. 
"That's good, that's good," she smiled, reaching out to touch his face. "Don't cry. Mom's still here. Everything's fine." 
Lewis's expression froze. 
She spoke again, "Nathan, I'll always be here with you." 
Lewis stiffened once more. 
Keira glanced at him, a bit taken aback, about to offer some comfort, when Oliver suddenly perked up, nudging Nathan. "Dad, Grandma's calling you!" 
Nathan was just as shocked. He pushed Lewis aside and rushed over to the old lady. "Mom, I'm right here!" 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled. "Oh, you're not Nathan. You're his grandfather, right?" 
Nathan was indeed old enough to be Lewis's grandfather. 
Nathan's face stiffened. 
"Wait, Nathan... why do you look so old?" she continued. 
Nathan chuckled, "Well, yeah, Mom. I'm in my sixties now. It'd be weird if I didn't look old. You're over eighty yourself!" 
"Eighty? I thought I was only thirty!" Old Mrs. Horton exclaimed, then turned her gaze to Lewis. "And who are you? Whose child are you? You're quite the looker!" 
Lewis's eyes reddened even more. 
Old Mrs. Horton had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's before, and her biggest struggle was forgetting people. But hadn't she taken Nora's medication, which was supposed to help? 
Confused, he glanced at Keira. 
Keira's heart sank. 
She stepped forward to check old Mrs. Horton's condition, gently lifting her eyelids to examine her. 
Oliver exchanged a glance with Nathan before speaking up. "What are you doing? She's so old now, just let her be." 
Nathan nodded in agreement. "Yeah, she's lived this long. Let's not drag this out. It's better to just let her go in peace." 
If old Mrs. Horton only remembered him, that would be a perfect opportunity to secure the shares for the first branch. 
The two men pushed Keira aside. 
Keira frowned, but Lewis supported her, quietly asking, "What's wrong with Grandma?" 
Keira looked at old Mrs. Horton. The elderly woman gazed back at her, her eyes calm, deep like an ancient well. 
After a pause, Keira finally said, "The medication's stopped working." 
Disappointment flashed across Lewis's face. "Is there any way to treat her?" 
Keira sighed. "She's got about two weeks left. If you want to treat her, it'll involve painful injections." 
Lewis's eyes welled up with tears as he immediately said, "Then don't treat her." 
Keira nodded. 
Nathan's expression brightened. 
Lewis was about to step closer, but old Mrs. Horton spoke again, "Dear, why are you in my house? You should go home now, don't stay here!" 
Lewis froze in place. 
Oliver immediately turned to him, "Lewis, Grandma doesn't recognize you. She's asking you to leave. Let us handle this—we'll take care of her." 
Lewis looked at his grandmother, but old Mrs. Horton just smiled kindly at Oliver. "Are you Nathan's son? So, you're my grandson?" 
Oliver's face lit up. "Yes, Grandma, I'm your grandson." 
She nodded. "Good boy, good boy... come closer, let Grandma have a good look at you." 
Oliver stepped forward, his grin wide. 
Nathan chuckled and then turned to Lewis, "Why are you still here? Do you really want to upset her in her final days? Get out already!"
###Chapter 717
717  Chapter 716 
Lewis's face stiffened. 
He glanced over at old Mrs. Horton, but she was focused on Nathan and Oliver, not sparing him even a glance. 
Lewis clenched his jaw and tightened his fists, then cautiously called out, "Grandma…" 
Still, no response from her. 
It was Oliver who finally spoke up. "Lewis, Grandma might not remember you right now. It's crowded in here, and the air's a little stale. You should step outside for a bit." 
Keira frowned at those words, clearly wanting to say something. But when she glanced at old Mrs. Horton, she held back. 
Lewis had already turned and was striding out of the room. 
Keira understood. He didn't want to argue with them in front of his grandma, so she immediately followed him. 
Before leaving, she turned to look back. 
Old Mrs. Horton was happily chatting with Nathan and Oliver, holding Nathan's hand, seemingly unaware that Lewis and Keira had left. 
Keira let out a deep breath and walked out the door, only to see Lewis standing on the balcony. 
She quickly joined him, watching as he reached into his pocket, pulled out a cigarette, and lit it. 
Keira was taken aback. Since she'd known him, Lewis rarely smoked. 
Had things really gotten so bad? 
She walked up beside him. 
The moment she did, Lewis stubbed out the cigarette and took a deep breath. "Grandma used to dote on me. She always said I was her only grandson and didn't acknowledge anyone else." 
Keira paused for a moment. 
Lewis let out a small, bitter laugh. "I never understood why. I mean, Oliver is her grandson too. Why didn't she acknowledge him? Did he do something unforgivable? It wasn't until later that I realized—she didn't reject him… she just didn't dare acknowledge him. She was afraid that if she gave him too much love, there wouldn't be enough left for me." 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
Suddenly, laughter erupted from inside the room. 
Then, Oliver's exaggerated voice followed. "Grandma, you remember me now? And do you know who this is? This is my wife, Marisa... and this is your great-granddaughter, Selena!" 
Old Mrs. Horton responded with an enthusiastic, "Oh, my granddaughter-in-law!" 
Marisa quickly chimed in, "I'm here, Grandma…" 
Nathan laughed. "Mom, make sure you remember this time—this is your grandson. Don't let anyone else take up all the space in your heart!" 
Anyone else… 
To Nathan, his own son Lewis was just "anyone else." 
How ridiculous. 
At that moment, Keira couldn't help but feel a pang of sympathy for Lewis. She reached out and held his hand. 
As soon as she did, Lewis squeezed her hand tightly, managing a small smile. "Did you see? In this family… well, when I was younger, I really only had one person." 
Only his grandma was ever good to him. 
Keira leaned her head on his shoulder and softly said, "Well, now you've got me." 
Lewis didn't say anything for a while. 
The two of them just stood there by the window, silently watching the view of the Horton estate, seeing the staff moving back and forth outside. 
It was unclear how much time passed before the noise inside the room finally settled. 
Nathan and Oliver stepped out of old Mrs. Horton's room. Oliver spotted Lewis right away and, turning to Marisa and Selena, said, "You two stay here and watch over her. Don't let any unwanted visitors or strangers she doesn't want to see in. 
Marisa was exhausted from spending the entire day with old Mrs. Horton and was dizzy with fatigue. But despite how she felt, she managed a smile and replied, "Okay." 
Only then did Oliver give Lewis a mocking look and walk over. 
With a smirk, Oliver said, "Lewis, you're not jealous, are you? Grandma's had you all to herself for over twenty years. It's only fair we get a turn to show her some love now." 
At that, Nathan snorted. "What's there for him to be jealous of? He's hardly ever around, and now she doesn't even remember him! If he has anyone to blame, it's himself for not being around enough. She hasn't forgotten anyone else… just him!" 
Nathan's words made Oliver jump in, "Dad, maybe it's time we updated the will. Grandma's condition is serious…" 
Before Oliver could finish, Lewis was on him, grabbing him by the collar. "What did you just say about the will?! Grandma's fine!" 
Startled, Oliver stammered, "Let go of me!" 
Nathan was outraged and yelled, "Lewis, what's your problem? What, are you scared? Scared that Grandma might leave us some shares? Well, let me tell you, that's how it should be! I'm her only son! You, as a grandson, have no inheritance rights! I'm the sole heir!" 
Lewis narrowed his eyes, then scoffed, finally releasing Oliver. 
He turned to Nathan, his voice calm but sharp. "Do what you want with her shares. But I'm warning you—don't do anything to upset Grandma." 
Rattled by his son's intensity, Nathan huffed. "Quit pretending to be the devoted grandson. Even if you act all sweet, what's the point? She doesn't recognize you anymore! She only knows me! Don't forget—if it weren't for me, you wouldn't even be here! You think Grandma loved you just for you? No, it's because you're my son! So, stop acting like you're something special!" 
With that, Nathan strolled away, hands behind his back. 
Oliver stood there, glaring at Lewis, feeling humiliated. After all, he was twelve years older than Lewis, yet he'd just been put in his place in front of Keira and Marisa. Frustrated, he wanted to save face. 
He sneered, "Lewis, I get how you feel, but there's nothing you can do. Grandma only recognizes us now. Don't worry, we'll take good care of her. As for you… well, aren't you busy? Maybe you should stay away from here in the future." 
With that, Oliver turned and left. 
Once he was gone, Lewis took a deep breath, trying to calm the anger building inside him. 
Keira looked at him, her voice soft but firm. "Don't be upset." 
"I'm not upset," Lewis replied, his tone flat. 
But Keira continued, "She cares about you. Maybe she's like this for a reason… Maybe she's trying to make sure you're not too sad when she's gone…" 
Lewis lowered his head, his arms hanging at his sides, looking lost and unsure of what to do. 
He looked like a puppy that had been abandoned. 
Keira couldn't stand seeing him like that. She stepped forward, grabbing his hand. "Lewis, there's something I think you should know… Actually, your grandma…"
###Chapter 718
718  Chapter 717 
Keira paused for a moment. 
Finally, she made up her mind and said directly, "Actually, Grandma didn't forget you… My medicine really worked, she—" 
"I know." 
Lewis interrupted her, making Keira stop in surprise. 
"You know?" 
"Yeah." Lewis lowered his head and gave a bitter smile. "Did you forget? Grandma used to have Alzheimer's. Every time she had an episode, I was the only person she recognized. She always said she'd never forget me." 
Keira froze. 
Lewis instinctively reached for a cigarette in his pocket, but after a moment's hesitation, he pulled his hand back. His gaze shifted to the window, looking out at the dark clouds gathering in the distance. 
His voice was low as if it came from far away. "How could Grandma forget her favorite grandson? She even remembers Oliver… So, just like you said, she must've pretended not to recognize me, knowing I couldn't handle her leaving. Maybe she thought that if I got used to the sadness now, I wouldn't be as devastated when she's really gone." 
Keira's eyes welled up as she grasped Lewis's hand. 
She hadn't realized how deep Grandma's love for Lewis was—and how much trust Lewis had in her love. 
She looked at him. "So what do we do next?" 
"We play along." 
Lewis lowered his eyes. "I can't let Grandma worry about me as she's leaving. Even now, she's still concerned about me. How can I let her down? Keira, starting tomorrow, let's try to be happy." 
Keira swallowed hard but quickly nodded. "Okay." 
Lewis held her hand. 
That night, they slept holding each other. 
But in the middle of the night, Keira was woken up by Lewis, who was tossing and turning. Half-asleep, he kept calling out "Grandma," then jolted awake. 
He would rush downstairs, check on old Mrs. Horton in her room to feel her breathing, and only then return to bed, reassured. 
Keira watched him, sighing silently. 
Grandma didn't have much time left. 
Her sudden collapse earlier that day was a sign. 
The next morning, when Keira woke up, Lewis was still asleep. She didn't wake him but quietly got out of bed. 
After he'd woken up in the night and gone to check on Grandma, he hadn't been able to fall back asleep until almost dawn. He needed the rest. 
Keira headed downstairs and saw that old Mrs. Horton was already up, being helped down by Fiona. Marisa and Selena were with her, making sure she was comfortable while she had breakfast. 
Keira walked over, but before she could say anything, Marisa smiled at her. "Miss Olsen, the old lady would love to have a meal prepared by you for lunch. Would that be okay?" 
Keira paused slightly at her words, then glanced at old Mrs. Horton. 
She was smiling, though there was a sharp glint in her eyes. 
Old Mrs. Horton probably didn't want Keira to feel pressured, so before she could speak, Keira nodded. "Of course. I'll have it ready by lunchtime." 
Old Mrs. Horton had always loved her cooking. Now, with only a short time left, how could Keira not make sure she was well cared for? 
It didn't matter if Marisa was trying to boss her around. 
As long as Grandma was the one eating... 
With that thought, Keira headed into the kitchen. As she walked in, she overheard Selena asking old Mrs. Horton, "Great-Grandma, do you know who she is?" 
Mrs. Horton hesitated for a moment before answering, "No." 
"She's the new housekeeper." 
Selena's words made Keira smirk slightly. 
If they wanted to treat her like a servant, they had no idea what was coming! 
But right now, Keira wasn't interested in arguing with them. She entered the kitchen and found Fiona there, her eyes red. When she saw Keira, Fiona immediately said, "Miss Olsen, don't take it to heart. Mrs. Horton just doesn't recognize you anymore." 
Keira patted her on the shoulder. "I'm fine, and so is Lewis. Don't worry, Fiona." 
Fiona's eyes filled with tears. 
She didn't realize that old Mrs. Horton was pretending and was worried that Keira and Lewis would be heartbroken. That was why she'd come to offer a few words of comfort. 
Keira sighed quietly. 
Just then, a commotion came from outside, followed by the startled voices of Marisa and Selena. Keira rushed out and saw old Mrs. Horton vomiting up the food she'd just eaten, covering both women in the process. 
After throwing up, old Mrs. Horton looked at Marisa and Selena. "Sorry, I couldn't help it." 
Marisa and Selena both looked down at the mess on themselves with disgust, glaring at old Mrs. Horton. But at that moment, they had no choice but to swallow their anger. 
Marisa took a deep breath. "We'll go change and be back later."
###Chapter 719
719  Chapter 718 
As they left, neither of them noticed old Mrs. Horton behind them, pursing her lips. 
 "How dare those people order around my granddaughter-in-law!" 
Spitting on them would have been the least of it! 
Thinking this, she reached out for a glass of water to rinse her mouth, but as soon as her hand extended, it almost knocked the cup over. 
At that moment, a hand appeared and caught the glass. 
Old Mrs. Horton turned her head to see Keira standing beside her. 
Immediately, she put on an innocent face. "You're such a pretty girl. Who are you?" 
"I'm Nora. I made the medicine you've been taking. Lewis and I both know you're fine now, so you can drop the act." 
With a sigh, Keira placed the glass back in old Mrs. Horton's hand. 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled bitterly. "Even if you can tell, you could just pretend you don't." 
Keira took a napkin and gently wiped her mouth. "Why go through all this? Let's just enjoy these last moments together, okay?" 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed. "What do you know? I'm getting old, and soon, I won't be able to take care of myself. In a few days, someone will need to help me with... everything. I can't bear to let you and Lewis do that." 
Keira's eyes reddened. "But we want to..." 
"I know you do, but I've kept myself dignified my whole life. I don't want you two to see me like that. They say there are no dutiful children in front of a sick bed for too long. It's not that I doubt your care. I just want to leave Lewis with a dignified memory." 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled. "Besides, I've never been that close to the main branch. Now, in the last stretch, maybe I'll finally spend some time with them. Keira, you should stay by Lewis's side and help him get used to life without me. As for me, I can let go and spend time with the main branch, let my true self show a little." 
Hearing this, Keira sighed again and nodded. She didn't say anything more. As she reached for some tissues and a mop to clean up the food old Mrs. Horton had thrown up, old Mrs. Horton turned toward the door and called out, "Oliver, my dear grandson, come quick! There's a stranger here, get her out!" 
Keira blinked. "Grandma, I'm cleaning you up." 
"No! I don't want you near me!" 
Oliver swaggered over, grinning. "Sister-in-law, Grandma only recognizes me and Dad lately. What can we do? Maybe you should just let it go and stay away from her." 
Keira frowned, glancing at old Mrs. Horton. "And what about all this mess on the floor?" 
Oliver opened his mouth to respond, but old Mrs. Horton beat him to it. "My grandson will clean it up!" 
Oliver said, "What?!" 
He stared in disbelief at the mess on the floor. 
Old Mrs. Horton's age had weakened her stomach. Lately, she hadn't been eating much, and this morning's breakfast didn't agree with her, so she had deliberately eaten more to make herself throw up. 
The stench from the vomit made Oliver wrinkle his nose. "Me?" 
"Yes, my grandson will clean it!" Old Mrs. Horton seemed utterly dependent on Oliver. She then turned to Keira. "You, get away. Go on, go!" 
Seeing this, Oliver quickly said, "Yeah, I'll clean it up! You stay away from Grandma." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She cleared her throat. "Alright, I'll leave it to you then, Oliver." 
She handed the rag over to Oliver and turned to head upstairs. But before she reached the top, she noticed Lewis standing in the shadows of the stairwell, watching them quietly. She didn't know how long he had been there. 
Keira walked over to him right away. "Did you hear what Grandma said?" 
"Yeah, I heard." Lewis gently touched her hair. "She's right. Because of me, she never got close to the main branch. Now's the time for her to build those connections." 
Keira took his hand. "I understand why she said it." 
She lowered her eyes. "If I ever get old and can't take care of myself, I wouldn't want to burden my kids either. I'd want to leave with dignity. 
"She loves you the most. She just doesn't want you to see her at her worst." 
Keira smiled softly. "Grandma will always love you the most, Lewis. Don't be sad, okay?" 
Lewis gazed at her with deep emotion. After a moment, he spoke. "What did you just say?" 
"I said, Grandma will always love you the most. Don't be sad." 
"No, before that." 
"She doesn't want you to see her at her worst." 
"Before that." 
Keira, known for her sharp memory, traced back his words. "I said I wouldn't want to burden my kids when I'm old, right?" 
"Yeah." Lewis suddenly stepped forward, leaning close to her ear. In a low voice, he whispered, "So, how many kids are we going to have?" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Was he teasing her right now?
###Chapter 720
720  Chapter 719 
Keira looked at Lewis in disbelief, only to see him grab her hand. "Keira, before Grandma passed away, she might have had only one regret." 
"What regret?" 
"That she never got to see our child." 
Keira was speechless. 
Seeing Lewis finally able to joke, Keira understood that the atmosphere was getting a bit heavy. 
She smiled and said, "Lewis, from now on, can we live happily every day? Let's make sure Grandma rests easy." 
"Alright." 
"Then let's go. Come with me to the kitchen, and we'll cook something for her!" 
Keira tugged Lewis downstairs, and as they reached the bottom, they spotted Oliver cleaning the floor, pinching his nose in disgust. 
In high spirits, Keira shouted, "Grandma, we're going to make you lunch!" 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at them. "Huh? Who are you two?" 
Keira just smiled and pulled Lewis into the kitchen. 
The two of them prepared a lavish lunch for her. 
By the time they served the food, Marisa and Selena had arrived. Over the past few days, the rest of the family had stayed around. It seemed like they were trying to get on old Mrs. Horton's good side, hoping to secure the shares she controlled. 
Everyone was on their best behavior, especially Marisa and Selena, who went out of their way to be attentive, practically ready to feed old Mrs. Horton themselves. 
Old Mrs. Horton was living quite comfortably. 
Five days passed like this, and one morning, as Keira came downstairs, she overheard Nathan talking. "Mom, Uncle Julius is coming to visit today. You should see him." 
"My second brother-in-law? Of course, I want to see him," old Mrs. Horton said with a smile. 
Nathan followed up, "Since Uncle Julius will be here, how about we revise the will while he's around?" 
"Why change it?" old Mrs. Horton asked. "Everything of mine is going to you and my eldest grandson anyway, right?" 
Oliver grinned. "True, but we'd still like to make a few adjustments. Would that be alright?" 
"Fine, fine, go ahead and change it," old Mrs. Horton agreed. 
Nathan smiled in satisfaction, but when he glanced at Keira and Lewis, the smile disappeared from his face. 
Oliver, standing nearby, lifted his chin slightly and threw a smug look at Lewis as if boasting. 
Soon, Julius Horton arrived. 
He was getting on in years, and the last time he visited was when old Mrs. Horton had fallen ill. This time, he had driven all the way from their hometown, taking a full day to get there. 
When he entered, he looked a little worn out. Upon seeing Lewis and Keira seated further away while Nathan and Oliver were sitting close to old Mrs. Horton, he paused for a moment. 
In the past, old Mrs. Horton only had eyes for Lewis. When did the first branch start getting this kind of attention? 
As Julius was still puzzling over this, Oliver stepped forward with a smile. "Sir, perfect timing! Grandma's memory isn't what it used to be. She only recognizes us now and doesn't remember Lewis anymore." 
Julius frowned in confusion and turned to old Mrs. Horton. "Sister-in-law, do you still recognize me?" 
"Of course!" old Mrs. Horton chuckled. "Julius, you're here!" 
Julius pointed to Lewis. "Then how come you don't recognize him? He's your favorite grandson!" 
Following his gesture, old Mrs. Horton glanced over at Lewis. She furrowed her brows. "Whose child is this? He's quite the handsome one! Even better looking than my eldest grandson!" 
Lewis sighed, exasperated. 
Oliver's face fell. 
Julius frowned deeply. "What's going on? Why doesn't she recognize Lewis?" 
Nathan jumped in to explain, "Uncle, here's the thing. Ever since we moved to Clance, Lewis has been chasing after his fiancée and hasn't been home much. And with Mom's condition, the less she sees someone, the harder it is for her to remember. Meanwhile, Oliver, his wife, and their daughter have been here every day, taking care of her. Naturally, she's become more fond of them." 
The implication was clear—Nathan was accusing Lewis of not taking proper care of old Mrs. Horton. 
Keira's expression darkened. 
When they first moved to Clance, Lewis had indeed stayed with her at the Olsen residence and later at the South family's. But whenever he wasn't with her during the day, he would return home to spend time with old Mrs. Horton. How could Nathan claim he hadn't been looking after her? 
Nathan was too old to still be playing these manipulative games. 
As Keira fumed, Julius turned to Oliver. "You're the ones taking care of her? And what's this about your 'wife and daughter'? Isn't it supposed to be your wife and son?" 
At those words, Marisa and Selena froze, their expressions stiff. 
Oliver cleared his throat. "Melissa and Jake weren't exactly behaving, so I kicked them out. That's why my relationship with Grandma wasn't great before."
###Chapter 721
721  Chapter 720 
Julius immediately frowned and said, "Nonsense!" 
Oliver chimed in, "Granduncle, you don't understand. Melissa and Jake are only after my money. But Marisa and Selena? They genuinely care about me. Just look at how much my relationship with Grandma has improved since they arrived. It's all thanks to them. They're much more respectful than Melissa and Jake!" 
Julius's face darkened. 
But now wasn't the time to delve into family drama. He turned to old Mrs. Horton. "How have you been lately?" 
She smiled gently. "I've been doing well. Don't worry." 
Julius walked over and sat beside her. The two began to chat, mostly about family matters. Julius did most of the talking while old Mrs. Horton smiled softly, listening. 
Sitting there, Julius felt as if he had gone back to his childhood, following his sister-in-law everywhere. She had always been like a mother to him. 
Julius could sense that her time was running short, and his heart ached. 
After a long time, Nathan finally said, "Uncle, it's perfect timing that you're here. We were just about to go over Mom's will again. With you here, you can be a witness. Plus, your presence should keep Lewis in line." 
Nathan had deliberately called Julius to come over. Discussing a will was something they could have handled with just the lawyer, but if Lewis didn't agree, they couldn't stand up to him alone. 
Lewis had grown up in the old family estate, and he held a certain respect for Julius. With Julius here, Lewis would have to show them some courtesy. 
As Nathan thought this, he glanced at Lewis. 
Lewis sat there calmly, not saying a word. 
Julius frowned slightly and looked at him before asking, "How exactly do you want to change it?" 
Nathan cleared his throat. "Well, naturally, everything that belongs to Mom should go to me! As her son, I'm the first in line to inherit." 
Once Nathan got control of the shares, he could pass them along to Oliver. It would all end up in Oliver's hands eventually. 
Oliver sat nearby, already basking in his future victory. 
Julius finally said, "That doesn't seem right. I distinctly remember my sister-in-law saying she was leaving her shares to Lewis." 
"That was before," Nathan interrupted. "But you've seen it yourself. Lewis and his wife don't show her an ounce of respect anymore. She doesn't even recognize them! We have to revise the will, or the family members who truly care will be left out in the cold. Isn't that right?" 
Julius frowned and turned to Lewis. "Is that true?" 
Lewis lowered his gaze, saying nothing. In his mind, not spending every waking moment with his grandmother already felt like a failure. 
But Keira wasn't about to let him be unfairly accused. She immediately spoke up, "Of course not! Granduncle, you know better than anyone how Lewis treats Grandma." 
Julius nodded. "That's right. Lewis has always been devoted to her…" 
Nathan sighed. "That was the past. Ever since he got married, his entire world has revolved around his wife. What about us? We hardly even see him anymore, and even Grandma barely sees him once every couple of weeks. If that weren't the case, how could she remember the rest of us and forget only him?" 
Julius's frown deepened. 
Ever since the family moved from Oceanion to Clance, Julius hadn't been as involved in the affairs of the Horton Group. He wasn't as in the loop about what had been happening lately. 
He turned again to old Mrs. Horton. "Do you really not recognize Lewis? He's sitting right there." 
Following Julius's gaze, old Mrs. Horton looked at Lewis. 
She smiled kindly at him, just as she always had. She studied him for a long moment before speaking. "No, I don't recognize him." 
Julius was stunned. 
Oliver couldn't hide his excitement. "See, Granduncle? Now you know who the real dutiful family members are!" 
Julius clenched his jaw. "My sister-in-law's illness is clouding her judgment. If she can't even recognize Lewis, we absolutely cannot change her will." 
Nathan ed, "Why not? Back when Lewis was monopolizing her attention, she naturally distanced herself from us. But Oliver and I are her son and grandson. She's bound to care for us, right? Uncle, you have grandchildren of your own. Could you really leave everything to just one, ignoring the others?" 
That argument made Julius pause. 
He furrowed his brow, clearly torn. Then, he turned to old Mrs. Horton and asked directly, "Do you want to change your will?"
###Chapter 722 Chapter 721
722  Chapter 721 
As soon as those words left Nathan's mouth, everyone turned to look at old Mrs. Horton. 
She glanced at Lewis, then at Oliver, and smiled. "I'll go along with whatever you decide." 
Oliver immediately beamed. "Granduncle, you heard her, right? Grandma said to go with our plan, so…" 
Julius interrupted, "No, what she meant was to listen to me! When she was fully aware, the one she loved most was Lewis. It's under his leadership that the Horton family has made it this far. Without him, we wouldn't have even made it to Clance! If my sister were still of sound mind, there's no way she'd agree to change the will." 
Oliver was starting to panic and shot a look at Nathan. 
Nathan didn't hesitate. "Uncle, we've never denied Lewis's contributions to the family, and we're grateful for them. But my mother's will is crucial for us, too. Surely, she didn't mean to give everything to Lewis without leaving something for us?" 
Oliver quickly chimed in. "Exactly! Even if Grandma just gave us 5%—5% out of the 20% of the company shares that Lewis is holding right now—that wouldn't be unreasonable, would it? She can't possibly leave nothing for us and give everything to Lewis, right?" 
Julius frowned, deep in thought. 
At that moment, Julius suddenly asked, "Wait, have you already seen the current will? Is that why you're pushing for these changes? Are you saying that my sister really didn't leave you anything?" 
Nathan's expression soured. "Of course, she didn't leave us anything! After all…" 
After all, if they could just secure 5%, they'd surpass Lewis's stake in the company. Even though 10% of the shares were unaccounted for, the person with the most shares would still have the loudest voice on the board. 
Considering how much old Mrs. Horton adored Lewis, there was no way she'd leave anything less than everything to him. 
Nathan was deep in thought when Julius spoke again, "Why don't we go take a look at the will before we make any decisions?" 
Nathan waved it off. "What's the point of looking at it? Let's just change it already. No need to complicate things." 
Julius sighed. "It's better to check first." 
He turned to Nathan. "Come with me to the lawyer's office. Since the will has been officially filed, it's being kept under their management. They won't just show it to us. If it's really unreasonable, I'll help you draft a new one." 
Nathan frowned but, seeing Julius's determination, stood up. "Alright, I'll go." 
Oliver immediately jumped to his feet as well. "I'll come with you!" 
Nathan quickly shot him a look, his gaze shifting between Lewis and Keira Olsen. He then said to Oliver, "You stay here." 
He glanced at Oliver. 
Oliver instantly understood what he meant. 
If the only people left behind were Marisa and Selena, Keira and Lewis might try something with old Mrs. Horton. 
 After all, Keira had already used medication to treat old Mrs. Horton's dementia once. Now, they were preventing further treatment. 
If he left as well, Marisa and Selena weren't officially family members and wouldn't be able to stop Lewis and Keira from doing anything. 
Oliver caught on quickly. "Alright, I'll stay." 
Nathan turned to Lewis, sneering. "We'll go look at the will, but don't try any funny business while we're gone." 
With that, he helped Julius out the door. 
Keira stood to the side, feeling nothing but disdain. 
When Nathan spoke to Oliver, he sounded like a doting father, but when addressing Lewis, it was like he was speaking to an enemy. 
No wonder Lewis only ever stayed close to his grandmother, having grown up in such a hostile environment. 
Keira looked at Lewis and gently took his hand, signaling that he wasn't alone anymore. 
Lewis smiled softly at her before turning his gaze to old Mrs. Horton. 
In a low voice, Keira asked, "Did Grandma leave all her shares to you in the will?" 
If she had, then the shares Keira had inherited from Lewis's mother wouldn't be needed. She wouldn't have to bring them out and put Lewis in a difficult position. 
But if not, then perhaps those shares would need to be used to ensure Lewis maintained his advantage. 
Lewis heard her question and lowered his eyes. 
After a long pause, he shook his head. "I don't think so." 
Keira was taken aback. 
Lewis said, "Grandma has always been fair. Even though the main branch hasn't shown her much respect, they haven't done anything to truly harm her. She wouldn't leave them with nothing." 
Keira immediately grew anxious. "What are you going to do, then?" 
Lewis chuckled, a confident gleam in his eyes. "There's no rush." 
With a cold smile, he added, "I don't care about the Horton Group. Why would I care about a few shares?" 
###Chapter 723 Chapter 722
723  Chapter 722 
Lewis didn't care about the shares of the Horton Group. He had been attending meetings overseas every night, and his international channels were clearly much more diversified. Those assets probably amounted to far more than the Horton Group! 
Keira nodded in understanding. 
As they were talking, old Mrs. Horton suddenly wobbled to her feet. Everyone in the room immediately turned their attention to her. 
With a smile, old Mrs. Horton said, "I'm just going to the restroom." 
Marisa immediately offered, "Let me help you…" 
But before she could finish, old Mrs. Horton slumped against Marisa, who was unable to hold her up. Selena rushed over to assist, barely managing to keep old Mrs. Horton from falling. 
Seeing this, Lewis and Keira's eyes widened with alarm. 
The moment old Mrs. Horton had stood up, it had almost resulted in a fall, causing their hearts to race. 
Both of them quickly moved to support her, but Oliver stepped in front of them, saying, "You don't need to worry about it. I'll take her." 
He placed his hand on old Mrs. Horton's shoulder, saying, "Grandma, I'll take you." 
Old Mrs. Horton pointed to the second floor. "I need to go up there." 
Her main bedroom was on the second floor, so it was understandable that she wanted to go to a familiar place. 
Oliver frowned. "There's a restroom on the first floor. Let's go there instead." 
"I don't want to," old Mrs. Horton said, clearly displeased. "I want to go to the second floor." 
Oliver's frown deepened. "It's not good for you to go upstairs…" 
If they had to go to the second floor, he would have to carry her up. 
But before he could say more, Lewis's voice interrupted, "If you don't want to carry Grandma upstairs, I'll do it." 
Lewis stepped forward with determination, putting Oliver under immediate pressure. 
Oliver quickly blocked Lewis. "You don't have to push yourself!" 
Lewis replied, "I'm not pushing myself." 
"Grandma might be uncomfortable with a stranger helping her to the restroom, so I'll take her upstairs." 
With a wary look, Oliver picked up old Mrs. Horton and began to climb the stairs. 
Marisa and Selena hurried to follow. 
Keira and Lewis exchanged glances before trailing behind. 
Being older, Oliver was visibly winded by the time he reached the top, with old Mrs. Horton directing him towards her room. "In there, in there!" 
Oliver sighed, preparing to hand her over to Marisa, but old Mrs. Horton turned to Lewis. "I feel like I know this young man… who is he?" 
Oliver was horrified. He quickly ushered old Mrs. Horton into the room. "Grandma, you must be mistaken. There's nothing familiar about him. Just don't think about it; your memory isn't reliable!" 
"Right," old Mrs. Horton said, her expression softening. 
"Dear, you're so considerate, taking me to the restroom…" 
"Of course, I'll take you!" 
Oliver said as he entered the room. 
Marisa and Selena exchanged glances, deciding not to follow. 
Old Mrs. Horton had come upstairs for more than just a bathroom break; it was likely for something longer... 
Just the thought of it was enough to make mother and daughter unwilling to assist. 
Selena blocked the door. "Mom, let's stay outside and chat with Uncle and Aunt." 
Marisa nodded in agreement. "Okay." 
They looked at Keira and Lewis. 
Selena asked pointedly, "Uncle, Grandma doesn't remember you, so don't be offended. Her memory isn't what it used to be." 
Marisa added, "Lewis, Oliver often speaks highly of you. He says you were such a well-behaved child. It's strange that your relationship seems distant now." 
Lewis chose to ignore them. 
Keira said, "Did you two forget to brush your teeth this morning? Your breath is quite strong." 
The comment left Marisa and Selena momentarily speechless. 
Keira continued, "Maybe you should go downstairs and rinse your mouths or just talk less…" 
Caught off guard, Marisa and Selena huffed but fell silent. 
Keira turned to Lewis, who was frowning and staring intently at the bedroom door. 
Keira thought he might be genuinely upset, so she murmured, "Grandma is probably making things difficult for Oliver like she did this morning when she insisted he clean up after her. Maybe she's trying to torment him in there…" 
Lewis's frown deepened. "Keira, how much longer does Grandma have?" 
Keira fell silent. 
Old Mrs. Horton's health was deteriorating rapidly. 
Time was running out… 
It could be any moment now… 
Though Keira said nothing, Lewis could see the concern on her face. 
He looked at the door again and suddenly shouted, "Something's wrong! Something doesn't add up!" 
Old Mrs. Horton's behavior today was all wrong! 
Without another word, he rushed into the room! 
###Chapter 724 Chapter 723
724  Chapter 723 
In the room. 
Oliver was helping old Mrs. Horton to the bathroom. 
Midway there, she suddenly stopped and looked at him."Do you know why I like Lewis and not you?" she asked. 
Oliver was taken aback. "Grandma, what are you talking about? Have you remembered Lewis now?" 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled. "How could I ever forget Lewis?" 
Oliver stared at her in disbelief. "What do you mean?" 
Realization dawned on him, and he became angry. "So, you've been pretending all this time?" 
"Ha!" 
Old Mrs. Horton chuckled and let go of his arm. She sighed. "I used to question myself whether it was wrong not to give you and the others a chance for Lewis's sake." 
She shakily reached for her cane. "So, recently, I gave you all a chance." 
Oliver jumped in. "Grandma, we've been sincere with you. Since you've given us a chance, surely you can tell?" 
Old Mrs. Horton replied with a smile. "I can tell you all want me to give you the shares." 
Oliver was taken aback. 
 "But we are genuine in our intentions! You, as the elder, shouldn't be so biased." 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed. "Oliver, you know, every time Lewis looks at me, there's sincerity in his eyes. All he sees is me, not my shares. But you, your mistress, and that illegitimate daughter of yours, you're all driven by greed. You only see my shares. I'm not so blind that I can't see what you're really like." 
Oliver's anger flared. "What do you mean?" 
"From the moment you entered the house at fourteen, I knew we were never meant to be close. Your gaze was too calculating." 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at him. "You only care about the Horton family's wealth but not about the people. You have no real feelings for your father… Even though he has always protected you. He has only ever cared about you." 
"Shut up!" 
Oliver shouted. "What does he care about me? If he cared, he wouldn't have abandoned my mother when the family needed an ally in Clance!" 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed. "Your parents didn't divorce because of that. They did it because they were incompatible." 
"Forget about 'incompatible'!" 
Oliver glared at her. Hearing her refer to his fourteen-year-old self as opportunistic, his restraint snapped. 
He stared at old Mrs. Horton, shouting, "So many rich families have had incompatible marriages. Why did they have to divorce? It was all to clear the way for that woman from the Ye family! My mom left feeling so bitter. She took me abroad, and we lived in misery for fourteen years!" 
Old Mrs. Horton looked at him calmly. "When your mother and father divorced, the Horton family gave her plenty of money." 
"But it was all swindled away!" 
Oliver yelled. "In the first year abroad, it was all gone! She gave birth to me and had to beg for a living in Country M! Do you have any idea how hard those fourteen years were for me?!" 
Oliver thought back to his childhood, to the bullying and hardships. He could still feel the lingering trauma. He glared at Old Mrs. Horton. "At school, I was bullied and abused. They stripped me and made me drink…" 
He couldn't bring himself to finish. 
Those years were a dark nightmare that still haunted him. 
Only when he saw the clean rooms at the Horton house did he realize that such a life was behind him. 
He looked at Old Mrs. Horton with renewed anger. "It was all your and my father's fault! If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have lived such a miserable life!" 
Tears streamed down his face. "Even in her lowest times, my mom never came back to him. It was only when she passed away that I had to return home because I couldn't survive abroad anymore!" 
Oliver looked at old Mrs. Horton. "The moment I came back, I knew I had to fight for everything in the Horton family! It was all rightfully mine. The Horton family owes me!!" 
He seemed to lose his composure. 
Old Mrs. Horton spoke again. "But that doesn't justify harming Lewis. Of everyone in this family, Lewis is the most innocent. When you arrived, your schemes drove his mother away and forced him to be born prematurely. I know everything you've done to Lewis!" 
###Chapter 725 Chapter 724
725  Chapter 724 
Oliver froze. 
Old Mrs. Horton broke the silence. "When he was born, he was hooked up to tubes, lying in the ICU. After two months in the incubator, the day we finally brought him home, you tried to strangle him. You put your hands around his neck, then pressed a pillow to his face. Oliver, he was just a baby! How could you be so cruel?" 
Oliver's face twisted with anger. "This is your fault! You kept getting in the way! Every time, you caught me before I could finish it. If you hadn't, things wouldn't be like this!" 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed. "That's why I had to raise him myself. When he was five or six, I sent him to live in the country, but even then, you didn't stop. By the time you were twenty, you convinced your father to let you start at the company, then bribed people to hurt him. That's why I had to send him overseas. And now, you think you're the victim? What about Lewis? Wasn't he innocent? You were willing to hurt a child, your own brother! How do you expect me to feel about you?" 
She glanced at his hands. "Every time I see you, I think of that fourteen-year-old boy holding a pillow over a baby's face. How am I supposed to love you after that?" 
Oliver's temper flared. "I told you, you made me do it! You were always taking his side! If you hadn't, I wouldn't have tried to kill him!" 
Old Mrs. Horton let out a tired breath. "You've got it backward." 
Oliver blinked, confused. "What?" 
"Lewis had just come home from the hospital when you tried to hurt him. That's when I started protecting him. You started this, Oliver. If you hadn't been so cruel, things could've been different. Like you said, no matter what happened between your parents or Lewis's mom, you and Lewis were both innocent. As your grandmother, how could I not care about you?" 
Her voice softened with sadness. "But how can I care about someone who tried to murder his brother? How could I love you after that?" 
She shook her head. "Every time I see you, it makes me sick." 
Oliver's face turned bright red, his chest heaving. He stormed forward and grabbed her arm. "You're talking nonsense. Say that one more time, I dare you!" 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed, "I'm telling you, every time I look at your face, all I can think of is your deceitful and scheming ways. Oliver, you have a wicked heart." 
Oliver's face flushed red, and he gripped her arm even tighter. "You old hag, what are you saying? Shut up!" 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed. "I'm just telling you the truth, the thing you've been wanting to hear. Why are you so upset? Does your dad know how messed up you've been since you were a kid?" 
Oliver, on the edge of losing it, snarled, "Shut up!" 
"Maybe your dad doesn't know. If he did, he would feel so guilty for always spoiling you and ignoring Lewis." 
"I said shut up! Didn't you hear me?!" 
Oliver yelled and shoved her hard. 
Old Mrs. Horton stumbled back, and there was a sickening crack as something snapped. 
She lay there on the floor, unable to move, looking up at Oliver with a faint smile. 
"You were never a good kid. You don't deserve anyone's kindness." 
"I told you to shut up!" 
Oliver lunged at her again, hands tightening around her throat, completely losing control. 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled faintly. 
She had planned this all along. 
As Erin had said, even if she didn't say anything or beg for mercy, once she was gone, Lewis would still be too soft to punish Oliver. 
But now, knowing she was dying, she decided to take care of things for Lewis. 
Oliver had been pretending to be the dutiful grandson for the last ten days, putting up with her torment, barely holding it together, all for the sake of the inheritance. 
Mentally, he must have been hanging by a thread. 
Now, with her final words, she pushed him over the edge. He couldn't handle it, especially after how she had treated him in the past few days. He must think he was finally going to get what he wanted... 
Instead, she insulted him. 
Overcome with rage, he attacked a dying woman—just as she'd expected. 
And once he laid hands on her, Lewis would have every reason to make him pay. 
No more hesitation out of guilt. 
This was her final gift to Lewis and his wife. 
As her vision started to blur, a small smile crept onto her lips. Just then, the door burst open, and her grandson's voice rang out. "Grandma!" 
###Chapter 726 Chapter 725
726  Chapter 725 
Old Mrs. Horton paused for a moment, then turned her head to look. 
She saw Lewis had already rushed up to Oliver, kicking him away with a single powerful blow! 
Old Mrs. Horton finally felt she could breathe again, but she knew it was too late. 
Her body had already reached its limit. Just moments ago, she had sensed her time was up, which was why she had urgently dragged Oliver upstairs. 
Now, with Lewis supporting her, Old Mrs. Horton managed a faint smile. She pointed to a direction nearby and said, "There's a camera over there. Lewis, it's clear that Oliver tried to strangle me. You need to avenge me!" 
Lewis's eyes were red as he looked at her. 
He realized how wrong he had been! 
He thought his grandmother was kind and thought she owed something to the first branch, so she wanted to be close to them. But he never imagined that even in the end, Grandma's concern was still about helping him! 
If Grandma had passed away, he would have been accused of being heartless, but now, with Oliver's actions, he had justification to act against the first branch. 
Tears streamed down Lewis's face, but an aged hand reached up to wipe them away. Old Mrs. Horton looked at him and said, "Lewis, a man shouldn't cry." 
Lewis nodded through his tears, choking on his emotions. "Okay. I won't cry." 
H tried to hold back the tears. 
Old Mrs. Horton gently touched his face. "My dear grandson, you haven't been upset with me for saying I didn't know you, have you?" 
Lewis shook his head. "No, Grandma. How could I be upset with you…" 
"That's good." Old Mrs. Horton smiled and then turned to Keira, reaching out a trembling hand. 
Keira quickly moved forward, crouching beside her and holding her hand. "Grandma." 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled as she joined Keira's hand with Lewis's. She spoke softly, "Granddaughter-in-law, I don't know what you're doing, but no matter what, promise me one thing." 
Keira replied immediately, "Of course." 
Old Mrs. Horton sighed, "No matter what happens from now on, never let go of this brat's hand, okay?" 
Keira's eyes filled with tears instantly. She choked up as she replied, "Okay. I promise!" 
Old Mrs. Horton smiled. "You promised me, so make sure you keep your word… I'm leaving this rascal to you…" 
As she finished her last sentence, Old Mrs. Horton closed her eyes. The hand that had been connecting Keira and Lewis fell lifelessly. 
"Grandma!!" 
"Grandma!" 
Both Lewis and Keira cried out in shock, then embraced Old Mrs. Horton, sobbing uncontrollably. 
Lewis didn't mention any attempts at resuscitation… and neither did Keira. 
Given Grandma's age and condition, resuscitation would be meaningless. Even if they managed to bring her back, it would only be for a few more days of suffering… 
She would also have to endure the process of CPR. 
They both knew that Old Mrs. Horton was prepared to leave, so they let her go with dignity. 
Dignity… 
Thinking of this, Keira realized Old Mrs. Horton had been wearing a new outfit today. Since the old lady had always preferred dark blue clothing, it looked like a mourning dress. They hadn't noticed anything unusual before… 
Keira's eyes were also red. 
Tears streamed down her face… 
Grandma… 
Her heart was heavy with sorrow, wishing the elderly lady could live forever and stay with them, but they all knew that wasn't possible… 
... 
Old Mrs. Horton's funeral was conducted with great dignity. 
The elderly lady came with dignity and left with dignity. 
Nearly everyone from the five major families in Clance attended the funeral. 
The Davis family sent Wayne, who expressed his deep sorrow before leaving without saying much. 
Lewis's mother didn't show up. 
Other family heads from the major families came, clearly understanding Old Mrs. Horton's significance to Lewis. 
The Olsen family had the largest presence, including Uncle Olsen and Keira's brothers. They all wore black suits with white corsages. 
After paying their respects, Uncle Olsen approached Lewis and patted his shoulder. 
He seemed to want to say something but decided that no words could suffice at the moment. He just patted his shoulder and left. 
Ellis came with Mary, who was visibly five months pregnant, trying to cover her bump with loose clothing. 
Despite her efforts, it was still noticeable. Those in the know could probably guess what was happening. 
Keira quickly said, "Why are you here? You shouldn't have come." 
Mary grasped her hand. "This is a significant event for your fiancé. How could I not come?" 
Mary whispered, "Your fiancé's devotion to old Mrs. Horton shows his good character. He's a reliable person." 
Hearing "reliable" made Keira's heart ache. 
Though she had lived by her sister's standards in Clance and hadn't wronged anyone, she felt she owed Mary. 
Mary's kindness was always because of Keera, not Keira. 
Mary had sacrificed her own comfort for a long time… 
Now, risking exposure of her pregnancy, Mary had come to offer comfort to her friend. 
Indeed… 
The fact of Mary's pregnancy hadn't been made public by the Olsen family. 
Rumors about Ellis being infertile had circulated, showing how audacious their enemies were. 
Even though Keira had found out Erin was Fox, the identity of Lion was still unknown… 
So, the Olsen family was cautious and kept the pregnancy a secret. 
But Mary came. 
Old Mrs. Horton's passing made Keira feel conflicted, which added to her sadness. 
Or perhaps it was something else… 
At that moment, looking at Mary, Keira felt a sudden urge to reveal the truth… 
As she thought of this, she held Mary's hand and said, "Mary, there's something I want to tell you." 
Mary looked at her with curiosity, following Keira to a secluded spot where no one could overhear them. 
Ellis watched them with concern, but Mary gave him a reassuring look. Once they were alone, Mary asked, "Keera, what is it? Is there something important you need to tell me?" 
Keira looked at her. 
She suddenly smiled and began, "Mary, actually…"
###Chapter 727 Chapter 726
727  Chapter 726 
Before Keira could finish her sentence, Erin walked over, interrupting her. "Actually, what she's trying to say is that I'm a pretty good person. Mary, mind treating me like a bestie too from now on?" 
Mary blinked in confusion. "Huh?" 
She glanced over at Keira, her expression puzzled. 
Keira furrowed her brows and tightened her jaw. 
Erin smiled slightly. "Alright, now that's settled. Ellis is waiting for you... Mary, you better head over." 
Once again, Mary looked back at Keira. 
Keira was about to say something when Mary suddenly leaned in close to her ear. "Keera, I don't care who you are. I only know one thing—you'll always be my best friend." 
Keira was momentarily stunned. 
Mary smiled at her, then patted her on the shoulder. "I'll see you later." 
Keira nodded. 
Once Mary walked away, Keira let out a bitter smile. 
Of course. 
Mary and Keera had been childhood best friends. Keira had been impersonating her sister for so long. How could Mary not have noticed something was off? 
Was she just fooling herself? 
Or maybe Mary knew Keera had her secrets but understood that everything Keira was doing was for Keera's sake? So, she pretended not to notice? 
As Keira was lost in thought, Erin stepped closer and asked, "You're not actually thinking of telling her the truth, are you?" 
Keira frowned, turning to look at her. 
Erin sighed. "Why are you so emotional? You can't just do whatever comes to mind. What if Mary finds out you're not Keera and starts keeping her distance? What if this affects the Davis family's support? You need to think about the bigger picture. Don't be so reckless." 
Keira didn't respond. 
After giving her a good talking-to, Erin sighed again. "I can't believe Rabbit's sister is such a sentimental fool." 
Keira stayed silent. 
Erin shook her head and walked away. Not long after, Charles came up to her. "Erin, what have you been busy with these past few days?" 
"Eating!" Erin's voice took on a mischievous tone. "The food here is amazing. You should grab a couple of plates later." 
Keira sighed. 
No matter the situation, nothing could ever change Erin's obsession with food. 
She chuckled bitterly, shaking her head. 
Just then, Uncle Olsen came over and pointed toward the memorial hall. "What's going on with the first branch?" 
Oliver was tied up and had been kneeling in front of the memorial hall the entire time. 
Everyone around was puzzled by the sight but dared not ask questions. After all, it was an unspoken truth: with the passing of old Mrs. Horton, the future of the Horton family was in Lewis's hands now. 
Keira lowered her head and spoke quietly, "He nearly strangled Grandma." 
Uncle Olsen frowned, glancing at her before turning his gaze to Lewis. After a pause, he said, "This was Lewis's decision? Grandma was on her deathbed, and he still used the opportunity to suppress the first branch. That's ruthless... but effective." 
Keira quickly corrected him. "It wasn't his idea. Grandma arranged it." 
Uncle Olsen paused for a moment, then huffed. "In that case, he's being too soft!" 
Keira immediately ed, "No, that's not true. There are some lines you just don't cross. Grandma was his line—just like how you and Mom are mine." 
Her words sent a wave of warmth through Uncle Olsen. "I'm… I'm your line?" 
Keira blinked at him, confused. "Of course. You're my dad. You're obviously my line." 
Suddenly, Uncle Olsen laughed. "Alright, but remember, your mom is your most important line. If you ever have to choose between me and your mom, you better choose her! Because she's my line, too." 
Keira nodded firmly. 
Even if Uncle Olsen hadn't said that, Jodie was already the most important person in her heart. Nothing could ever change that! 
The Olsen family stayed behind after the ceremony ended. After all, old Mrs. Horton had been Uncle Olsen's elder, so they remained to help with the arrangements. 
When the mourning period finally ended, the guests who had come to pay their respects started to leave. 
Soon, only the Horton family and the Olsen family were left. 
It wasn't exactly appropriate for the Olsens to stay, but with Uncle Olsen's stern presence, no one dared to suggest they leave. 
Uncle Olsen's very presence was enough to support Lewis. 
He was worried Nathan would try something. Lewis was younger and could easily be overpowered. 
Understanding Uncle Olsen's intentions, Lewis calmly said, "Now that Grandma's funeral is over, it's time we discuss Oliver's punishment." 
At this, Oliver immediately lifted his head, glaring at Lewis. "You know I was set up by Grandma. How could you—" 
Before he could finish, Lewis kicked him squarely in the chest. His voice was icy. "Still denying it? The video clearly shows you grabbing her neck! I've already shown it to Uncle Julius." 
Nathan turned to Uncle Julius. "Uncle, I'm sure Oliver didn't mean it. Please, can't you go easy on him?" 
Uncle Julius snorted. "Didn't mean it? The video shows otherwise. I might not have heard the words, but I'm not blind. He grabbed her by the neck in a fit of rage and killed her!" 
Having attended the funeral, Uncle Julius wasn't in the best of moods. Especially after seeing the video, his anger boiled over. 
He had already given Oliver a severe beating. 
Nathan knew there was no point in arguing. With the video evidence, there was nothing to defend. He turned to Uncle Julius, his voice desperate. "Uncle, how are you going to punish him?" 
Uncle Julius sighed. "Oliver betrayed the family and killed his grandmother. According to Horton family rules, he is to relinquish all his shares in the Horton Group and be banished from the family." 
The moment those words left Uncle Julius's mouth, Nathan slumped back into his chair, defeated. 
Oliver's face twisted in rage. "Ha! So that old witch planned all of this! She just wanted to clear the path for her precious grandson! Hahaha!" 
Then he turned to Lewis. "You think this is enough to take me down? Even if I'm kicked out of the Horton family, I've got other means! I'll make a comeback. Just you wait!" 
Lewis stared at him coldly. "What resources do you have left?" 
Oliver grinned. "I've got Marisa and Selena. Over the years, I've given them plenty of money. Even if I leave the family, I can count on them!" 
Lewis's expression didn't change. 
He spoke calmly. "You haven't noticed they haven't shown up at the funeral?" 
###Chapter 728
728  Chapter 727 
Oliver immediately looked around the room. 
Everyone who stayed behind to witness Lewis's judgment of him, aside from a few members of the Olsen family who remained to support Lewis, were members of the Horton family. Jake and Melissa were there as well. 
They stood to the side, quietly watching him. 
When old Mrs. Horton passed away, Keira informed Jake so he could pay his final respects to his grandmother. Upon hearing this, Melissa also came on her own. 
People were such fascinating creatures. 
When Melissa lived in the Horton household, she was constantly on edge, disrespectful, and full of bitterness. She never showed old Mrs. Horton the slightest respect. But after spending some time living away and learning how to let go, Melissa had mellowed significantly. 
Now, she seemed like a regular mother, looking more at peace than ever before. 
Throughout the funeral, she played the part of the eldest daughter-in-law, ensuring that nothing went wrong and that no one had anything to gossip about. 
At this moment, she, too, was looking at Oliver. 
Strangely enough, Oliver didn't feel any sense of humiliation being judged by Lewis. But that single glance from Melissa? It hit him with a wave of shame like nothing he had ever felt before. 
How dare she look at him like that? 
Melissa, who used to live her days tiptoeing around his moods, who would grovel to keep him at home for the night, now gazed at him with some sort of pity. 
Oliver scoffed, "You don't know anything. Marisa left with Selena earlier when this woman showed up. Marisa was worried it might cause too much attention, so they went ahead. She left to avoid stirring up trouble. But we agreed—she and Selena will come pick me up today." 
As he said this, Oliver's eyes darted toward Lewis. "You're not planning to take back their money, too, are you? That money is mine, it has nothing to do with Horton family assets!" 
Lewis let out a cold laugh. 
Before he could respond, Oliver shouted again, "You and I both know what really happened with Grandma! I owe you nothing, Lewis! I did nothing wrong! You better watch yourself!" 
With the video evidence against him, there was no way to clear his name for what he had done to old Mrs. Horton. 
Realizing this, Oliver made a quick decision. 
He would cling to the assets he had given to Marisa and Selena over the years. 
He had truly been blinded by their manipulation, sending large sums of money to Marisa regularly. He had even given Selena a generous amount when she married. 
He had even asked Nathan for more money to provide them with. 
Altogether, it added up to quite a few million. 
Sure, it couldn't compare to the Horton family's massive fortune, but it was better than walking away with nothing. 
Lewis was ruthless. 
Back when old Mrs. Horton was alive, Lewis still had a sense of familial loyalty. But now that she was gone, Oliver knew—he had lost.There was no winning this now. 
Lewis replied calmly, "We won't take that money back, but are you so sure you can still get to it?" 
"Of course I can! That money belongs to Marisa! I'm sure she and Selena are waiting for me to come home!" 
Oliver sneered after saying this. 
Nathan, standing nearby, said, "Oliver, why give up without even fighting?" 
Oliver laughed bitterly, "Grandma always favored Lewis, even until her dying breath. Do you think fighting would've changed anything? I want no part of this." 
He glanced around the room, his gaze passing over every member of the Horton family before letting out a cold chuckle. "I don't want anything from this family." 
With that, his eyes fixed on old Mrs. Horton's memorial. 
He stared at it for a long time, then laughed bitterly again, shouting, "Grandma, you never had any love for me, did you? I can't for the life of me understand what made Lewis so special that you would go to such lengths for him. You didn't even leave me a single share of the company! If that's how you felt, you should've just said it outright instead of playing these games to provoke me!" 
Lewis frowned. "What are you talking about?" 
"Am I wrong?" 
Oliver turned to glare at him. "No one else knows what really happened that day, but what about her will? I bet all the shares went to you, right?! Well, we're all here, so why don't we bring out her will and show everyone? Let's see just how much she favored you over me!" 
His chest heaved with anger… 
Even though he had made his decision, the bitterness still stung. He had lived in the Horton family for over thirty years, all with the hope of securing a portion of the company shares. Now, he was leaving with nothing. 
It wasn't fair! 
Julius frowned deeply. 
Nathan coughed, trying to intervene. "Let's not bring out the will right now…" 
"Why not? Dad, are you taking Lewis's side now, too?" 
Oliver's eyes were filled with rage as he stared at Nathan. "Is it because I'm being kicked out that you've decided to side with your second son? Well, too bad! It's already too late for that!" 
He took a step closer, glaring at Julius. "As a member of the Horton family, I have the right to see the will. I demand that you make it public! If you don't, then you must be hiding something!" 
Flustered, Nathan tried to speak, but his words were cut short as Oliver's accusations made him choke with frustration. 
Julius sighed heavily, "Oliver, why are you making things so difficult? There's no need for this to get ugly." 
Oliver scoffed. "You all pushed me to this point! So, let's get it out in the open! Show everyone the will—let the second branch of the Horton family see it, let the Olsen family see it. Let everyone see just how biased Grandma was!" 
Julius opened his mouth to speak, but Lewis interrupted him calmly, "Uncle Julius, show him." 
With that, the room fell completely silent. 
All eyes were on Julius now. 
He sighed deeply. 
Nathan stood up quickly as if to stop him, but Julius reached into his bag and pulled out old Mrs. Horton's will. 
Oliver's eyes were fixed on that document. 
Even if he was about to leave, he wanted the entire Horton family to see how unfairly old Mrs. Horton had treated him. He wanted them to know that Lewis's position as chairman was unjustified, granted solely by her favoritism. 
Then they heard Julius slowly begin to read…
###Chapter 729
729  Chapter 728 
As Oliver stood there, his expression darkened, and his eyes filled with bitterness. Julius began reading aloud from the will: "The late Mrs. Horton held a 20% stake in Horton Group, three properties—two in Oceanion, one in Clance—and $900 million in savings, along with a collection of jewelry. As per her last will, she has left 5% of her Horton Group shares to her granddaughter-in-law." 
Oliver let out a derisive laugh. "You all heard that, right? Even an outsider like Keera gets 5% of the shares, but what about us from the main branch? Nothing!" 
Before anyone could respond, Julius glared at Oliver. "You'll shut your mouth until I finish reading." 
Oliver sneered. "Finish it all you want. The result's the same, nothing for us." 
Julius continued reading in an even tone: "The remaining 15% of her shares will be divided equally between her son, Nathan Horton, her grandson, Lewis Horton, and her great-grandson, Jake Horton. Each of them will receive 5%. The two Oceanion properties go to Lewis Horton, while the Clance property is left to Jake Horton. Her $900 million in savings is to be split equally among the three heirs. The entire collection of jewelry is bequeathed to Keera Olsen." 
"..." 
The room fell into an immediate silence after Julius finished. 
No one moved or spoke. Even Oliver was at a loss for words, staring in disbelief at the document Julius held in his hand. 
"How is that possible? This doesn't make any sense... There's no way she left something for us..." 
Julius fixed his gaze on Oliver. "That's right, Oliver. Originally, the shares meant for the main branch were intended for you. But because of your actions, all inheritance from your branch is now transferred to Jake." 
Oliver staggered back, his legs giving way as he muttered, "No... this can't be happening." 
Lewis, who had been standing silently, finally spoke. "Grandma may have favored me in some ways, but she never neglected the main branch. Oliver, do you get it now?" 
Oliver shook his head, eyes wide. "No, this is impossible..." 
He turned to Jake, fury flashing in his eyes, and rushed toward him. "I'm your father! You better hand over those shares to me right now!" 
Before Jake could respond, Lewis's voice cut in coldly. "You've been exiled from the Horton family. All shares that were once under your name have been transferred to Jake. Don't worry. We won't let the main branch disappear." 
Oliver froze, blinking in shock. 
"Not let the main branch disappear?" he stammered, his voice breaking. 
But they were throwing him out. He turned to his father, Nathan, desperation flooding his voice. "Dad..." 
But before he could get another word out, Lewis's demeanor shifted, turning ice cold. 
He had tolerated Oliver's behavior for too long. 
"Get him out of here!" Lewis ordered. 
Nathan tried to intervene, but Lewis shot him a warning look. "Anyone who dares to plead for Oliver will be removed alongside him!" 
Nathan's face flushed with anger. "Have you lost your mind? You think you can boss me around now?" 
Lewis looked past him to Julius. "Uncle Julius, what do you think?" 
Julius didn't hesitate. "Nathan, be quiet." 
"But—" 
Lewis stepped forward, his eyes locked on his father's. Any hint of warmth or filial respect had vanished. "After Grandma's funeral tomorrow, I think it's time you move back to the old house with Uncle Julius." 
Nathan's eyes went wide. "What did you just say?" 
Lewis's face remained calm but firm. "You've always said you miss your childhood in the old house, right? Well, now you can live there in peace." 
Though it was phrased like a question, the finality in Lewis's voice left no room for argument. 
Nathan stunned, stared up at his son—tall and imposing at six-foot-two, now towering over him in more ways than just height. 
There was only coldness in Lewis's eyes. 
Nathan swallowed. 
Lewis turned to Julius. "Sir, I'll hand over my father to you." 
Julius nodded, seeing what Lewis had in mind. "Don't worry, Nathan. I'll take good care of you." 
Everyone else in the room remained silent, sensing the power shift. The Horton family had just entered a new era, one where Lewis held complete control. 
The security team arrived and forcibly escorted Oliver out. 
As they dragged him toward the entrance, Uncle Olsen leaned over to Keira and whispered, "You're really going to let him off that easy?" 
Keira glanced at Lewis, then quietly replied, "His punishment isn't happening here. If Lewis decides to ruin someone, he'll make sure it haunts them for the rest of their life." 
Outside, Jake and Melissa followed Oliver out the door, watching from a distance as the guards threw him onto the pavement. 
Oliver stood there, dazed, trying to regain his composure. But before he could yell or make a scene, the family's head of security stepped forward. 
"Mr. Horton, I suggest you think carefully before you cause a disturbance," he said flatly. "If you disrupt the memorial service, there's no telling what our boss might do." 
The memory of Lewis's cold stare made Oliver freeze. He shut his mouth and straightened his back, trying to maintain what little dignity he had left. 
Spotting Jake and Melissa, he sneered. "Here to enjoy the show? Well, don't worry about me. I'll be just fine. Unlike you two losers." 
Melissa sighed. "I'll make this quick: are we finally getting divorced or what?" 
Oliver sneered again. "Oh, you don't want a divorce now? Fine. I'll give you one chance. Apologize to me, and make sure Jake hands over those shares... No, better yet, let him work for me as a puppet. We'll tear down Horton Group from the inside, and then maybe, just maybe, I won't leave you." 
Melissa snorted, not holding back her disgust. "I meant, when we file, how are we splitting the assets? Do we need Jake to pay you alimony?" 
Oliver fumed. "No!" 
His eyes filled with contempt as he glared at them. "You two are so obsessed with money. That's all you think about. Marisa and Selena would never stoop this low. They actually care about me, unlike you." 
Seeing him still clinging to delusions about Marisa and Selena, Jake sighed and shook his head. 
"Just remember what you said today. When they refuse to take you in, don't come crawling back to Mom." 
"Refuse? What are you talking about? I'll call them right now. They're waiting for me!" 
With that, Oliver furiously pulled out his phone and dialed Marisa's number.
###Chapter 730
730  Chapter 729 
The phone rang only once before Marisa's voice came through. 
She sounded concerned. "Oliver, what's going on? Did you finish handling your things?" 
Oliver sighed with relief, replying, "Yeah, it's done. You need to come pick me up." 
"Pick you up? What happened? How did it go?" Marisa's voice was tense with worry. 
Oliver was relieved. 
Though he had sounded confident when Jake and Melissa grilled him earlier, he hadn't been so sure. 
But hearing Marisa's worry now put him at ease. 
In a low voice, Oliver explained, "Lewis kicked me out of the house. But don't worry, Marisa, we'll bounce back!" 
"What?! Kicked you out? That's outrageous! When you say 'bounce back,' you have a plan, right? What's your next move?" 
"Of course. I haven't spent all these years in business for nothing. I've got connections and resources. Just give me the money, and we'll rebuild my empire." 
Marisa paused before asking, "Give you all the money? What money?" 
Oliver froze. "The money I've been giving you over the years." 
"Oh, that money," Marisa said. "Lewis kicked you out with nothing? That's ridiculous!" 
"Exactly, it's beyond unfair." 
"And your father? What does he think?" 
"Stop asking questions. Just come get me. We'll talk about Dad when we're together." 
"Alright, hang tight." 
Marisa hung up. 
... 
In an upscale Clance neighborhood. 
Marisa turned to Selena, her face full of worry. "Your dad's been thrown out of the house. If we pick him up, will it bring trouble to us?" 
Selena didn't waste a second. "Mom, let me make a few calls and find out what's going on." 
She then started calling people. 
After a while, Selena came back, looking scared. "Mom, I heard Lewis put the word out that anyone doing business with Dad will be cut off from the Horton family. If we take him in, it's going to have serious consequences." 
Marisa's face paled. "What are we going to do? If we don't pick him up, he'll probably come here himself." 
Selena furrowed her brows. "Looks like we can't stay in this house." 
Marisa paused. "What do you mean?" 
"Mom, start packing." 
... 
Outside the Horton residence, the air had a sharp chill. 
Shivering in just his shirt, Oliver rubbed his arms and looked again toward the distance. Beside him, Melissa watched him with a mocking smile. "From the way Marisa was asking questions earlier, it doesn't seem like she wants to pick you up." 
"Shut up! Marisa isn't like that at all!" 
Oliver shot back defensively. 
Melissa smirked. "Then what is she? Your true love?" 
Oliver snorted, pulling out his phone. "Marisa's house has security cameras. I'll show you. She's probably already on her way." 
He opened the camera app, eager to prove her wrong. 
The screen showed the driveway outside Marisa's house. A car slowly pulled out, the driver waiting by the gate. 
"See? She's already left!" Oliver triumphantly shoved the phone toward Melissa. 
Melissa hesitated as she saw the car, unsure whether she'd misread the situation. 
Was Marisa actually coming to pick him up? 
But then Melissa shrugged it off with a laugh. 
It didn't matter if she was wrong. If someone else was looking after Oliver, it meant Jake wouldn't have to. That was enough for her. 
"Looks like you were wrong!" Oliver sneered. "She's on her way, and now you have nothing to say." 
Melissa turned her gaze toward him. "I hope she does pick you up. Just don't come bothering Jake anymore." 
"Heh, don't worry. Even if I were starving, I wouldn't go crawling to you two ungrateful leeches!" 
Oliver spat out the words, then shot a glare at Jake. "You think Lewis will take care of you just because you're his favorite? Think again! Did he give you my shares when he took them away from me? No, right? He's not some charity worker!" 
It all made sense now. Lewis had schemed against him, likely with old Mrs. Horton's blessing. That was why she'd evenly split the inheritance, avoiding any drama for Lewis. 
As Oliver pieced things together in his head, his expression darkened. 
"You people only care about money!" Oliver raged. "You don't care about family! Marisa is the only one who truly loves me. You'll all get what's coming!" 
Melissa shot back, "Let's see if Marisa actually takes you in before you keep talking like that." 
Oliver pointed at his phone, his voice dripping with confidence. "Marisa's already on her way. You're just trying to stir things up—"
Before he could finish, the front door of Marisa's house opened on the screen. 
She stepped out with Selena, dragging a few suitcases behind them.
###Chapter 731
731  Chapter 730 
Oliver stared at his phone, utterly bewildered. 
He squinted at the screen again, unable to believe what he was seeing. 
"What are they doing with the suitcases?" 
Before he could process it, Jake piped up, "Are they planning to run away? Looks like they're fully prepared." 
Jake's words nearly pushed Oliver over the edge. He yelled in frustration, "That's impossible!" 
Oliver frantically dialed Marisa's number again, muttering to himself, "They must have misunderstood, thinking Lewis is coming after us. They don't know that I've already worked it out with him. He's not going to hold a grudge, not after we talked things through. That has to be it…" 
He fumbled with his phone, desperate to tell them everything was fine. "I'll explain everything. They don't have to move out." 
But as the call went through, no one picked up. 
Melissa stood there, arms crossed, a mocking smile playing on her lips. "Maybe they're too busy packing to answer your call. Why don't you try your driver?" 
Melissa hadn't expected Oliver to have set up Marisa with such a lavish house. Not only did she have a driver, but four servants as well. 
This wasn't the typical mistress setup—she was living like a second wife! 
Thinking back to when she and Jake were kicked out with nothing, Melissa seethed with anger. Oliver had been so heartless, not giving them a cent, and now Marisa was living in luxury. 
She glanced at Oliver and sneered, "Go on, make the call. See what happens." 
Ignoring her, Oliver hung up on Marisa and dialed his driver. 
The driver picked up almost immediately. 
"Tell Marisa she doesn't need to pack. Just come pick me up!" Oliver barked. 
There was a brief pause on the other end. "Sir, I don't think we're coming to get you." 
Oliver froze. "What are you doing then?" 
"It looks like we're moving out." 
"Don't you dare move out!" 
Oliver was practically shouting now. "Put Marisa on the phone!" 
"Ma'am said she's not taking your call. We have things to do, so we're going to have to hang up now, sir." 
The driver's words sent a surge of panic through Oliver. 
If they hung up, Marisa and Selena would be gone for good! 
"Don't you hang up!" Oliver roared. 
There was a pause. 
Oliver continued, voice trembling with rage, "I pay your salary. You do as I say! Bring the car here and get those two women back here now!" 
The driver chuckled. "You 'used' to pay my salary, sir. And for that, I want to thank you. You helped me take care of my family for a while." 
Oliver blinked in disbelief. "What are you talking about?" 
"I'm saying thanks for the help before, but now that you're broke, we won't be bothering you anymore. Goodbye, sir." 
Before Oliver could respond, the line went dead. 
His hands shook with fury as he opened the security camera feed on his phone. 
He watched in stunned silence as the driver climbed out of the car and casually glanced toward the camera, giving it a little wave. 
Then, the driver walked to the trunk and began loading the suitcases into the car. When he was done, he sauntered over to Marisa, slipping his arm around her waist. 
Selena smiled warmly at him. 
The driver said something, and all three of them—Marisa, Selena, and the driver—turned toward the camera, waving goodbye. 
Moments later, they all got into the car, and the driver drove off. 
Oliver exploded with rage, stomping his foot on the ground. "Get out of the car! Marisa, you cheating witch! How dare you! You've been betraying me all along! You're all scum!" 
Watching Oliver's impotent fury was almost too much for Jake and Melissa to handle. 
They exchanged amused glances. 
Jake, still trying to remain calm, looked at his father. "Do you need help with something?" 
After all, Oliver was still his father. Jake couldn't just let him go hungry. 
But Oliver's eyes lit up with hope, like a drowning man grasping for a lifeline. He lunged forward, grabbing Jake's arm. "My good son! Help your old man out!" 
Jake sighed, looking at his father. "I can rent you a place and give you enough for basic living expenses every month…" 
"I don't need that! I need you to drive me to find them! Catch them! I refuse to believe that Marisa really betrayed me. She and Selena must have been kidnapped by the driver!" 
Jake stared at him, speechless. 
After everything that had just happened, Oliver was still living in denial. 
Jake let out a dry laugh, at a loss for words. He was about to refuse when Melissa said, "Take him." 
Jake blinked, turning to her. 
Melissa's gaze never left Oliver. "Take him to see for himself. Let him face reality." 
Jake nodded in understanding. 
He had inherited old Mrs. Horton's car, so he went over and started it up. 
As he was about to ask Oliver where to go, a message popped up on his phone. It was from Lewis containing an address: "Marisa is here."
###Chapter 732
732  Chapter 731 
Jake looked at the message on his phone and understood immediately. 
Lewis had been keeping tabs on them for a while, just waiting for his grandmother to pass before dealing with each of them one by one. 
A chill ran down Jake's spine for a moment, but he felt a sense of relief wash over him. He was thankful he'd finally wised up in the past few months and stopped going against his uncle. 
Jake quickly replied, "Thank you, Uncle," and pulled up the location Lewis had sent him. 
He then drove with Oliver to the given address. 
... 
Oliver was in denial until the very end. Following Lewis's directions, they arrived at the address and saw the car parked out front. 
The second they stopped, Oliver bolted out of the car and rushed to the door, bursting inside without hesitation. 
Through a large window, Jake stood watching as Oliver stormed in, seeing the shocked and panicked expressions on Marisa and the driver's faces and how Selena took a frightened step back. 
He saw Oliver grab Marisa by the arm, violently yanking her toward the door in a fit of rage. 
He was screaming, red-faced, and desperate, but somehow, he didn't seem threatening anymore. 
The man who had once terrified Jake as a child, the father who seemed so untouchable, was gone. The man inside that house now was small and pitiful. 
Jake found himself laughing softly. He couldn't understand what he had been so afraid of all those years. 
With a quiet chuckle, Jake turned away and walked off. 
He didn't look back. 
That man wasn't worth looking back for. 
Two days later, Jake received another message about his father. 
Oliver was dead. 
The driver had accidentally killed him during a scuffle, and Marisa and Selena had helped bury the body in the basement. 
All three were arrested. 
When news of Oliver's death reached the Horton family, Jake was stunned. Even Melissa was taken aback for a moment. 
Lewis's assistant, Tom, handled Oliver's funeral arrangements, eventually handing over the ashes to Jake and Melissa. 
After a brief discussion, they decided. Since Oliver had hated being confined to the family home so much, it seemed only fitting to set him free. 
They scattered his ashes into the ocean, letting him go where the wind would take him. 
Oliver Horton's story had finally ended. 
"So, does your mom still need to move back into the main house now that she's technically still part of the family?" In the Horton residence. 
Lewis asked Jake after hearing what he had done with the ashes. 
Jake shook his head. "No, we're fine staying where we are." 
The concept of the Horton family's divisions had ceased to exist. The house and everything in it now belonged to Lewis. Jake saw no need for him and his mother to return. It would only force them to face people they had wronged, and living there wouldn't feel right. 
Lewis gave a nod in response. 
Without saying anything more, Jake turned to leave, but before he could take another step, a frail voice rang out behind him. "How could you treat your father like that?! You ungrateful brat! No altar for him, no remembrance—he'll be forgotten!" 
It was Nathan who had overheard the conversation and stormed out of his room, looking like he had aged ten years overnight. 
His posture was hunched, and his once proud frame weakened. 
Old Mrs. Horton was buried the day before, and Julius hadn't taken Nathan away yet. 
Jake stopped in his tracks and turned to face him. "Do you think that's what he cared about?" 
Nathan froze. 
Jake's voice remained calm. "What he cared about was why you abandoned my grandmother—his mother." 
Nathan's face twisted in confusion, his brow furrowing. 
Jake shook his head. "In the end, he was just a miserable man. But all of this? It was your fault. You were a coward. You should've stayed out of Clance, never reached for power. If all you cared about was your empire, you should have been crueler, but you couldn't even manage that. You weren't soft, but you weren't ruthless. You were the worst kind of man—one who couldn't choose." 
Jake's words cut deep, and with that, he left without looking back. 
Nathan, shaking with rage, tried to call after him, but the words wouldn't come. Instead, he collapsed to the ground, coughing up blood before passing out. 
It was soon confirmed that Nathan Horton had Alzheimer's. 
On the day he left Clance, he sat in the car wearing an adult diaper, laughing foolishly at everyone around him. He didn't recognize anyone anymore, and as he saw Lewis, he grinned and said, "Son, I'll come back to visit you!" 
Lewis's expression stayed cold as he looked at Julius. "Take him back to the Oceanion estate." 
Julius nodded silently, then sighed as he glanced around the now-empty house. 
When they had first come here, the family had been whole, with old Mrs. Horton still alive. 
Despite the bickering and tension, it had been lively. 
Now, with her gone, the family was scattered. 
Julius climbed into the car, and they disappeared around the corner. 
Lewis stood watching the road for a moment. He was lost in thought when suddenly he felt warmth in his hand. 
Surprised, he turned to see Keira beside him, her smile instantly softening his gaze. 
"We should go home," she said, her voice gentle. 
Home... 
Even though his grandmother was gone, he still had her. 
As long as she was there, he was home. 
Lewis's voice was hoarse when he answered, "Yeah, let's go home." 
Hand in hand, they walked back into the living room, but no sooner had they stepped inside than Erin appeared, unusually serious and without her usual pistachios. 
She frowned at Keira. "You two need to quit the whole redemption drama. Keira, something's happened!" 
Keira froze, her brow furrowing. "What happened?" 
Erin stepped closer, her expression tense. "It's your mom." 
Keira's heart skipped a beat, and before she even realized it, she had grabbed Erin by the collar, her eyes wild with panic. "What happened to my mom?" 
Erin looked startled, clearly not expecting Keira to snap so quickly. 
At that moment, Erin had a terrifying realization—if something had truly happened to Keira's mom, this petite woman might just tear the world apart.
###Chapter 733
733  Chapter 732 
Erin never expected Keira to react so strongly. 
For a moment, she completely forgot what she was going to say and just stood there, staring at Keira in shock. 
Keira's sharp eyes locked onto Erin, waiting for her to explain what had happened to her mom. When Erin didn't respond, Keira grew even more anxious. "Say something!" 
Erin swallowed hard. "I…" 
Before she could get another word out, Lewis walked over and said calmly, "Your mom's probably fine." 
That finally seemed to calm Keira down a bit. 
She turned to Lewis. "What did you just say?" 
Lewis continued, "She said your mom was in trouble, but it was probably just a test. She didn't expect you to get this worked up." 
Keira quickly looked back at Erin. "Is that true?" 
Erin was on the verge of tears and nodded. "Yes, your mom's fine! Besides, the news I get from the South family only comes in once a month. Even if something really had happened, I wouldn't know about it yet!" 
Keira's mind finally started to clear. 
She took a deep breath and let go of Erin. 
Erin immediately stepped back several paces, putting some distance between them. Her face still showed fear. 
Keira lowered her gaze, taking a moment to calm herself before looking back at Erin. "Alright, then. What was the point of all this?" 
Still shaken, Erin lowered her voice, almost whispering. "I wasn't trying to cause trouble. I just…" 
She hesitated for a second before continuing, "I just wanted you to think about how you'd feel if something really did happen to your mom, and then…" 
"And then I'd do whatever you wanted, right?" Keira cut in, her voice cold. 
Erin paused, then nodded slightly. 
Keira's eyes narrowed. "Let me make one thing perfectly clear: my mom is off-limits. Whatever you want from me, don't you dare use her to try and push me." 
She stepped forward, her tone sharp. "And I know you're in contact with the other heiresses. Make sure they get this message, too. I'm not afraid of anyone, but if anyone tries to hurt my mom, I'll hunt them down to the ends of the earth." 
Erin swallowed hard and nodded. 
She had no doubt now… 
Keira, for a brief moment, had looked like a completely different person—someone terrifying. 
But Erin wasn't done yet. 
Glancing up cautiously, she ventured, "Look, if you really don't want your mom to suffer while she's living under the South family's control, there are only two ways out. Either you become the heiress, or you support me in becoming one. So, can we at least agree to… bend the rules a little?" 
Keira frowned, realizing now that Erin had been trying to use her mother's safety as leverage to make her do things she didn't want to do. 
"What exactly are you asking me to do?" Keira asked. 
Erin cleared her throat and then asked, "Do you know who Selena Horton's marrying?" 
Keira blinked. "Isn't it someone from the Gill family?" 
The Gills were one of Clance's five major families, and Selena had been linked to them, even pretending to have access to medicine from the Nora Institute. 
Erin rolled her eyes. "Nope, not the Gills." 
Keira glanced over at Lewis, who said, "She's marrying into the Cobb family." 
"The Cobb family?" 
Keira looked confused. 
Lewis explained, "The Cobb family is very low-profile, so most people don't know much about them. They're not in business, which is why they aren't counted among Clance's five major families. But in reality, the Gills represent them within the five." 
Keira paused, putting the pieces together. "So, that's why Mrs. Gill runs the household. Is her maiden name Cobb?" 
Because of Austin and Nara, Mrs. Gill had given Keira a hard time. It was evident then that she was the head of the Gill family. 
Keira had thought it was because Mr. Gill doted on his wife. As it turned out... 
Lewis nodded. "Exactly." 
Keira finally understood. 
The Cobb family was the true power behind the Gills. 
No wonder Mrs. Gill had been bold enough to challenge both the Freeman Sect and the Olsen family—she had strong backing. 
Keira asked quickly, "Why can't the Cobb family go into business?" 
"They've got a lot of government connections. It wouldn't be appropriate." 
Lewis's response was diplomatic, but Keira understood immediately. They were involved with the government. 
That made sense. They couldn't do business, but their influence was undeniable. 
She turned back to Erin. "So, what are you getting at?" 
Erin crouched down next to Keira. "Selena's marrying someone from a distant branch of the Cobb family. He's the nephew of the head of the family, and he's been making a name for himself for years. He's got some influence now, but his wife's in jail, and he's hoping the Hortons will provide a letter of clemency to get her out." 
Keira was stunned. "What?" 
Erin cleared her throat again. "Let me spell it out. The Cobb family is basically the Gills, and just taking down the Gills isn't enough. If you cross the Cobbs, you still won't have full control over Clance's five major families. So, what you need to do is back off and let Selena off the hook."
###Chapter 734
734  Chapter 733 
Erin looked over at Lewis and Keira. "Look, you and the first branch don't get along anyway. Just let Selena Horton go and let her and Jake Horton fight it out! It's got nothing to do with you. 
"Selena's smart, and with her husband backing her up, maybe she can take some of the first branch's assets from Jake. 
"Jake's been doing well lately, and yeah, he's on your side for now, but you don't really have to protect him, right? Besides, there's not that much bad blood between you two and Selena anyway. If you make peace with the Cobbs, it keeps our five families working together, doesn't it?" 
Keira got what Erin was driving at. 
So this whole thing was about her and Lewis letting Selena go… and Erin was afraid if they didn't, it would mess up the alliance between the families. That was why she started out by trying to scare Keira with something about her mom. 
Keira was speechless. 
She shot Erin a look. "Over something this small?" 
Erin coughed awkwardly. "Well, I was worried you might get all righteous about Jake and refuse to let her go. Thought maybe I'd spook you a bit." 
The idea was to tell Keira something had happened to her mom, then say if she didn't let Selena go, something really would happen. That way, Keira would have no choice but to agree. 
But now Erin realized that her little trick had almost backfired, nearly making Keira angry. 
Just thinking about how scary Keira had looked a moment ago sent a chill down Erin's spine. 
Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to joke about her mom anymore. 
While Erin was busy worrying about that, Keira turned to look at Lewis. 
To be honest, Erin had rattled her a little. 
The alliance between the five families was a big deal. She wasn't sure why, but if she didn't complete the task, she might not even be able to get into the South family, let alone save her mom. 
The thought of her mother being tortured by the South family made her even more desperate to find a solution. 
If it was just about letting Selena go... 
Maybe that wasn't such a bad option. 
She wasn't the kind of person who let stubbornness cloud her judgment. 
Just as she was considering it, Keira's phone rang. She glanced down and saw it was Nara. 
She immediately answered, "Nara, what's up?" 
Nara had started speaking again, but his words still came out haltingly, "M-my mom… has… something to tell you." 
The phone was handed over to Mrs. Gill, who wasted no time. "Miss Olsen, have you crossed the Cobb family?" 
Keira fell silent. 
Had the Cobbs already made their move? 
She was about to respond when Mrs. Gill sighed. "I just got word that all our business deals with you are being canceled. I'm very sorry, but I don't hold absolute power in the Gill family. Also…" 
Mrs. Gill hesitated before continuing, "Selena, that illegitimate daughter of the Horton family, has already been released. Her husband may be a distant relative of the Cobb family, but his skills have caught the Cobb patriarch's eye. So, would you like me to arrange a meeting with them? It's always better to settle things amicably, as long as it's not a matter of principle. What do you think?" 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
She looked over at Lewis, who frowned but then gave her a slight nod. 
Keira said, "Okay, Mrs. Gill. I'd appreciate your help." 
Mrs. Gill quickly replied, "It's no trouble. You should visit Nara more often. She misses you." 
"Of course." 
After hanging up, Keira turned to Lewis with a frown. "What's going on? Selena was convicted, right? Isn't releasing her illegal? Are the Cobbs that powerful?" 
Selena and Marisa had helped hide Oliver Horton's body after his murder, and Selena had been sentenced to five years in prison for it. 
How could she be released just like that? 
But according to Mrs. Gill, Selena was already out… and her husband seemed to hold a grudge over the whole ordeal. 
Keira was baffled. "If Selena had this kind of pull, why didn't she use it sooner?" 
If the Cobbs were that influential, she could've just used them to fight for power in the Horton family. Even old Mrs. Horton would've had to give her some respect. 
But Selena had never seemed eager to rely on her husband's power. 
Lewis frowned. "The Cobb family has a reputation for being law-abiding and keeping a low profile. Even someone as fake as Selena wouldn't dare use their name to cause trouble, which shows how strict their family values are. After she married into the Cobbs, I looked into it. They're not the kind of family to make rash moves, and they rarely make enemies. Something's definitely off here." 
Erin chimed in, "Didn't Mrs. Gill arrange the meeting? Just go. Whatever it is, we can figure it out face to face." 
Keira nodded in agreement. 
Mrs. Gill didn't waste any time. She set up the meeting for that very afternoon. 
Keira and Lewis drove together, with Erin tagging along, and Mrs. Gill led them to the Cobb family home. 
The Cobb residence was a sprawling courtyard with a classic, old-fashioned charm that was unique to Clance. 
Their home was understated but impressive, the large doors exuding an aura of authority and timeless elegance. 
Keira, Lewis, and Erin followed Mrs. Gill inside the Cobb family's estate. 
The whole place gave off the vibe of an old, scholarly family. 
Keira felt like the Cobb family had this air of mystery, almost like a family of reclusive sages. Everything about them was steeped in the quiet dignity and understated grace of traditional Creran culture. 
She loved the atmosphere and felt drawn to the Cobb family's style... 
But it made her wonder: how had someone like Selena managed to marry into such a family?
###Chapter 735
735  Chapter 734 
Keira followed Mrs. Gill into the Cobb residence, filled with curiosity. 
The staff here was minimal, and as they walked through the expansive estate, she noticed only a couple of employees tending to the place. 
Mrs. Gill, noticing Erin's wandering gaze, explained, "The Cobbs prefer a low-key lifestyle. We've all been raised to take care of ourselves—no reliance on housekeepers." 
The Cobbs' way of living was refreshingly understated. 
Erin rolled her eyes, "Rich and yet not enjoying life. I don't get what the Cobbs are thinking." 
Mrs. Gill shot her a look, smiling lightly. "The Cobbs value freedom over luxury. They don't let money dictate their lives." 
Because they desired so little and had no greed, they wouldn't sell their souls for money. 
Keira found herself envying that outlook. 
 She had never yearned for wealth or status—her only desire was to live freely with her mother without the constraints of the South family. 
How nice it would be to have a life like the Cobbs. 
She envied the Cobbs a little. 
Mrs. Gill continued, "Before I married into the Gills, I had the most freedom. My parents never restricted my choices. Even when I fell for Sam Olsen, they didn't interfere. The Cobbs aren't even that into controlling the Gills. 
"I just decided to marry into the Gills when I realized he was interested in someone else. If I couldn't marry him, any other man would be the same as the next." 
She smiled wistfully. "Guess I did my part for the family." 
Keira was taken aback. She hadn't expected Mrs. Gill to be such a romantic. 
Unfortunately, her parents were meant for each other. 
Moreover, Mrs. Gill was just speaking out of sentiment; her infatuation with Keira's father was merely a childish infatuation from her youth. Keira could see that Mrs. Gill was genuinely happy now. 
Keira didn't comment, and Mrs. Gill added, "The Cobbs are fiercely protective of their own. I suspect your troubles involve Selena, but the details elude me." 
It all became clearer when Keira saw the test results. " 
Stage IV colon cancer?" 
She gasped. 
Across from her sat a man in his late twenties with glasses. 
He was Selena's husband, Gavin Cobb. 
Next to him was Ryan Cobb, the head of the family. 
He was in his early thirties, looking every bit the refined gentleman. 
Ryan maintained a calm demeanor, his eyes shifting from Keira to Gavin. 
After she voiced her concerns, Ryan invited Gavin to clarify. 
Keira liked that. 
Gavin stated, "The Cobbs never engage in illegal activities. I only secured Selena's temporary release after reviewing her medical reports." 
He looked at Keira and said, "Selena's health requires her to stay optimistic, especially since her time is limited. After her release, her only obsession has been her resentment toward you." 
He sighed helplessly and continued, "I know your family's partnership with the Gill family is innocent, but as her husband, I have to make a choice and ensure her happiness. I don't want her to leave this world feeling depressed. So, I hope you can understand the Cobb family's position." 
Keira was at a loss for words. 
So the Cobbs, with their seemingly upright reputation, were actually shielding Selena. 
They hadn't intervened when Selena was imprisoned nor during the shareholder conflict with the Hortons. 
All of this stemmed from concern for Selena's health. 
Everyone had their own circle of relatives, and when it came to business, it wasn't just about money; relationships mattered, too. 
All Selena asked for was to stop collaborating with the Olsens, and she didn't ask Gavin to take any revenge either. 
Given the circumstances, it was a reasonable request for Gavin, so he agreed without hesitation. 
Keira frowned. 
Ryan interrupted her thoughts, saying, "Keira, you understand the reasons now. The Cobbs will not partner with you moving forward. If there's nothing else, you're welcome to leave." 
Keira frowned at Ryan, then glanced at Lewis. 
He shook his head slightly. With a resigned sigh, she stood to leave. 
Just then, Erin spoke up cheerfully, "Mr. Cobb, are you familiar with the South family?" 
Ryan paused, his expression shifting. "And you are?" 
"I'm part of the South family. You should know we have a knack for predicting the future. You'll be dead within a week." 
Erin's bluntness hung in the air, leaving everyone stunned.
###Chapter 736
736  Chapter 735 
Keira was stunned by what she had just heard and stared at Erin in disbelief. 
She'd heard from her grandfather before that the South family supposedly had the ability to predict the future. But it was just hearsay—she had never seen it for herself. 
Now, hearing Erin casually say something like that made her feel like Erin was some kind of... charlatan! 
Ryan Cobb frowned as well. 
Erin noticed his expression and smiled slightly. "Mr. Cobb, is that look because you don't believe me?" 
Ryan lowered his eyes. "I've heard of the South family, but I've never believed in the supernatural. And I definitely don't buy into this curse business." 
Erin frowned. "It's not a curse. It's a prophecy. Mr. Cobb, you must've heard the stories. The South family's predictions have never failed." 
She clasped her hands behind her back and started pacing in front of Ryan. "Let's skip what happened before I was born. Just ten years ago, the South family predicted the sudden death of Crera's richest man—down to the exact time and place. Five years ago, we predicted the death of the founder of Lemon Mobile in Country M, even nailing the cause of death. Those are just the two most famous cases. There are plenty more, and if you do a little digging, you'll find them." 
Ryan let out a dismissive laugh. "It's all just coincidence." 
But Gavin Cobb's face grew serious. "Ryan, sometimes it's better to be safe than sorry. Miss South, you said my brother will die in a week. How exactly?" 
Erin smiled at him warmly. "Revealing the future comes with a price. What's Mr. Cobb willing to offer in exchange?" 
She glanced at Gavin, making her meaning clear: she was still interested in continuing the partnership with the Gill family. 
Gavin immediately said, "If you can save my brother, I'll—" 
"Shut up." 
Ryan cut him off before he could finish. "I've already said the Cobb family doesn't believe in this nonsense. Miss South, please leave." 
Erin's face turned anxious. "Why are you like this? I'm just trying to help you! But fine, if you don't want my help, then forget it! Keera, let's go!" 
She grabbed Keira's arm and marched toward the door. 
Keira raised her eyebrows but followed after her. 
Watching the two leave, Mrs. Gill couldn't help but lean closer to Ryan. "I've heard about the South family too, Ryan. Do you really not believe them?" 
From a family perspective, Ryan was technically Mrs. Gill's nephew, and he responded politely. "Auntie, they're just trying to scam people. There are no such things as ghosts or prophecies in this world. I don't believe any of it." 
Then he turned to Gavin. "Now that you're married to Selena Horton, she's family. The Cobb family doesn't cause trouble, but we also don't shy away from it. It's just a business partnership; there's no need to bend over backward for outsiders." 
When it came to marriage, the Cobb family valued personal choice above all else. 
Though Gavin was from a branch of the family, he and Ryan were close. Gavin was skilled and had become Ryan's right-hand man, so Ryan held him in high regard. 
Selena had been vetted by the family. Aside from being an illegitimate child of the Horton family, she was practically flawless. 
That was also why Oliver was fond of her. On paper, Selena was exceptional. She'd been the valedictorian of her class and had won numerous awards across various fields. She was intelligent and poised. 
Gavin's decision to marry her made sense. 
Gavin nodded and looked at Ryan again. "Ryan, I know what to do. Selena married me, and unless she betrays me, I won't let her down." 
"Good." 
Ryan didn't say anything further, showing he hadn't taken Erin's words to heart. He escorted everyone out without a second thought. 
Gavin, along with Mrs. Gill, also left the room. 
Once they were outside, Mrs. Gill turned to Gavin. "That Selena... she even betrayed her own father. She strikes me as a woman who'll do anything for personal gain. Gavin, are you sure you want to stay so loyal to her?" 
Gavin said, "Selena and I met in college. She didn't know who I was back then. She had plenty of admirers, but out of all the rich guys chasing her, she chose me—the one who kept a low profile. Auntie, she genuinely loves me." 
Mrs. Gill sighed softly. "I hope you're right." 
Gavin's face fell. "It's just... now that she's sick... I need to spend more time with her." 
"Go on, then," Mrs. Gill said gently. 
Gavin made his way to the back of the estate. Since Ryan had taken a liking to him, Gavin was currently living at the Cobb residence. 
Selena was sitting in their room, still puzzled as to why Gavin had bailed her out of jail. Her eyes suddenly landed on a medical report. 
Her gaze froze on two words: colon cancer. 
Gavin had colon cancer?! 
If that was true, then who would protect her? 
Panic flooded Selena's face. 
Meanwhile, outside the Cobb residence, Keira looked over at Erin and asked directly, "So, what's the deal with this South family prophecy thing?!"
###Chapter 737
737  Chapter 736 
Erin raised an eyebrow. "That's how it is!" 
After saying that, she suddenly smacked her forehead. "Ah, I get it. You're not in that group." 
Keira was confused. "What group?" 
"The South Family Heiress Group!" 
Erin laughed and pulled out her phone, opening a special app. She glanced at Keira. "I bet you don't know your sister's account password, right? All nine of us South family heiresses are in the group—there are ten people in total, including the current elder of the South family, who often shares prophetic messages about the future. You're not in the group, so it's no wonder you don't know." 
Keira frowned. 
She had used her sister's phone before, and she still had it. But when she opened the app, Keira realized she didn't know the login details. 
Erin continued, "Just when you were chatting with Ryan Cobb, I got the news that he'll die in a week. That's why I spoke up. I figured I'd give him a heads-up, and if he appreciates it, we might prevent his death in a week. That way, we could smooth things over, and our families could continue working together! But, of course, he didn't believe me." 
Keira tensed. "That prediction… is it real?" 
"Of course, it's real." Erin looked at her. "You know the South family has the ability to predict the future!" 
Keira furrowed her brow. "I'm like Ryan—I don't believe in this kind of supernatural stuff." 
"If you don't believe it, I'll just show you," Erin said with a grin. "It's okay. Everyone starts out skeptical, then comes around." 
Erin waved her phone. "Ryan will die in a car accident next week, around five in the afternoon. We'll see if the South family's predictions are accurate." 
Keira's frown deepened. "Can it be prevented?" 
"If it's a prediction, of course it can," Erin said, looking at her like she was missing the obvious. "Why else would we share it? Just to scare people? Besides, the South family has used this ability to gain power over countless people. As for Ryan, I've done my research—there's no other way to handle it. The Cobb family is untouchable in Crera. Nothing can threaten them. Bribery won't work either—nothing was tempting enough to sway them. So, this is the only option." 
Keira stared at her. "How could it be such a coincidence that the prediction is about Ryan?" 
"Good question! How could it be such a coincidence?" Erin teased, then rolled her eyes. "Obviously, it's not. I used this month's perk!" 
Keira blinked. "Perk?" 
Erin sighed. "Wow, you really don't know anything. Without me, any South family heiress would immediately know you're an imposter!" 
She stepped closer, draping an arm around Keira's shoulders. "Every heiress gets one opportunity per month to ask about someone's fate. It's the one perk we're given. Without power or influence, with just the little money the family provides, do you really think anyone could build a business empire so quickly?" 
Keira finally understood. 
Erin had used her monthly chance to ask about Ryan's fate since there was no other way to deal with the Cobb family. 
Keira clenched her jaw and kept looking at Erin. After a moment, she asked, "So, you're saying if I save Ryan in a week, he'll be grateful to me?" 
"First off, we don't even know if you can save him," Erin said slowly. 
Keira frowned. "If it's a car accident, I can just make sure he doesn't go out that day, right?" 
Erin smiled playfully. "Do you really think you can stop someone from leaving the house?" 
Keira paused. "I'll figure something out, but first, I need to know if what you're saying is true." 
Erin nodded. "I'm certain. He'll die in a car accident." 
Keira tightened her jaw, still skeptical. 
Erin lowered her gaze. "The South family has survived for over a thousand years thanks to this ability, Keira. You can doubt a lot of things, but not this. Future heirs will inherit this power, and if you can't even believe in it yourself, how are you supposed to make predictions?" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She suddenly felt like the South family was running some kind of scam. 
But maybe this was a good chance to see if their predictions were actually real.
###Chapter 738
738  Chapter 737 
Selena stared in shock at the medical report in her hand, fear washing over her. 
She stood up abruptly, walking over to the window to let in some fresh air, hoping it might help calm her nerves. 
Just then, she noticed Mrs. Gill outside, walking toward the parking lot while talking on the phone with "Keera." Mrs. Gill's voice was full of frustration: "That Selena, I've never liked her. Gavin doesn't either. If it weren't for Ryan, we wouldn't have taken her in. But now that Gavin's so loyal to her and with this illness... well, no one's saying anything anymore. What can we do?" 
Mrs. Gill continued her conversation as she reached the parking lot, leaving Selena frozen in place as if struck by lightning. 
She gritted her teeth. It was true! Back then, she'd done everything in her power to deceive Gavin, making him believe she truly loved him for who he was, unaware of his family's wealth and status. She thought marrying into the Cobb family would give her the leverage she needed in life. 
But the Cobbs were so low-key, refusing to let her use their name to get ahead. As a result, marrying Gavin didn't bring her the benefits she had expected, and her standing in the Horton family remained the same. 
The Cobbs were a powerful family in Clance. If they'd just supported her a little, she and her mom wouldn't be in this mess. But over time, she had resigned herself to her reality. At least she'd married Gavin, ensuring she never had to worry about money or comfort. 
Even if she did get into trouble, Gavin could bail her out, no problem. Yet, the one thing she never saw coming was Gavin getting sick. If Gavin died, with Mrs. Gill and the Cobbs already against her, they'd waste no time kicking her out. 
No way. 
Selena clenched her fists tightly. She refused to accept that fate. 
Just then, there was a knock at the door. 
Selena snapped back to the present as Gavin walked in, his sad gaze settling on her. 
She frowned. Was he trying to hide his illness from her? 
A sudden wave of resentment crept up inside her. He was dying and hadn't even told her. He hadn't given her a chance to prepare for the future! 
As these thoughts swirled in her head, Gavin finally said, "Selena, you still have that two million in savings, right?" 
It was part of the dowry he had given her. 
Selena's treatment was expensive, and while Gavin could always ask the Cobb family for money, he didn't feel comfortable doing that yet. They had enough for now, so he planned to use her savings first. If that ran out, then he would turn to the family. After all, he wasn't one of the main heirs, despite Ryan's favor. He didn't want to take advantage of it. 
Ryan had already done so much for him. 
But Selena's heart raced at his words. She panicked. 
After Oliver's death, Lewis took over the family estate, and now everything was in Jake's name. Her parents were in jail, and the only money she had left was the dowry. And now Gavin wanted to use that money for his treatment? 
If he died, what would she have left? 
She gripped her fists tighter, narrowing her eyes. "Yeah, why?" 
Gavin, unaware of her thoughts, recalled what the doctor had said. "Cancer isn't always fatal. A positive attitude can make all the difference." Deciding not to tell her the truth yet, he stepped closer and gently patted her head. 
"Selena, you should take that money out. I'm also going to put my apartment downtown on the market. We're going to need some quick cash for the future." 
Selena's fists clenched harder. This useless man! Did he even care about her future? If he died and the money was gone, where would she live? 
She bit her lip, eyeing Gavin before forcing a smile. "Alright." 
But deep inside, she was already thinking of a way to transfer the money somewhere safe, away from Gavin. She wasn't about to let him use it all up. Survival of the fittest, right? 
Gavin, oblivious to her thoughts, smiled warmly. "We'll go put the house on the market tomorrow." 
Selena nodded. "Sure." 
That night, as she leaned into him, Gavin pushed her away gently. "Not now. It doesn't feel right." 
That confirmed it for Selena. He was definitely sick. Otherwise, why would he reject her? 
The next morning, Selena woke up early. Quietly, she grabbed the deed to the house from its hiding spot and left the Cobb residence. 
When Gavin woke up, he stretched and went to retrieve the deed. But when he checked the usual place, it was gone. 
And so was Selena.
###Chapter 739
739  Chapter 738 
Gavin paused for a moment, then picked up his phone to call Selena. 
But no one answered. 
Frowning, he headed downstairs and ran into Mrs. Gill, who had come by again today. 
Mrs. Gill had thought things over the previous night and, after glancing at her daughter Nara, decided she couldn't be ungrateful. She had come to persuade Gavin to see Selena's true colors and not to let go of Keira. 
As soon as she walked in, she saw Gavin rushing down the stairs, looking flustered. She immediately asked, "What's wrong?" 
Gavin frowned. "Selena's gone." 
Mrs. Gill said, "Where did she go? Gavin, you really need to think carefully about this. Selena isn't someone you can trust! She even buried he father in the backyard—she can't possibly be sincere with you!" 
Gavin shook his head immediately. "That's not true, Aunt. Selena only did that because her mom forced her to. Her father died, and her mom didn't want to take the blame, so she made Selena help. Selena wasn't behind any of it… Plus, she's sick now… Could she have hidden the deed to the house because she doesn't want me to sell it? Maybe she's doing it for my sake." 
At that thought, Gavin's eyes reddened as a wave of emotion washed over him. 
Mrs. Gill was speechless. "Gavin, Selena's not that noble. If she were, she wouldn't have been fighting for the family fortune all this time! She's lost everything now. Without the Horton's money, she'll never let you go! You just said the deed's missing? What if she plans to sell the house behind your back to pay for her treatment?" 
Mrs. Gill was convinced Selena wasn't a good person, and she imagined the worst. 
But even she wouldn't have guessed that Selena believed Gavin was the one who was sick and refused to sell the house for his sake. 
Gavin explained, "Aunt, you're mistaken. I'm the one who wants to sell the house!" 
Mrs. Gill was taken aback. "You want to sell it? Gavin, have you thought this through? That house is in the city center, and it is worth twenty million dollars. Your parents saved up for you to have it when you got married. Are you sure you want to sell it?" 
Gavin sighed. "Houses are just things, but people are what matter! Aunt, I can live here even if I lose the house. But if I lose Selena… then she's really gone. I found out that there's a specialist in Europe who's great at treating colon cancer. I want to take her there. Maybe there's still hope…" 
Mrs. Gill frowned, then patted him on the shoulder. "Gavin, how did our family end up with such a romantic like you? I still think there's something off about Selena. Why don't you keep an eye on her for a bit longer?" 
Gavin responded firmly, "I trust her, Aunt." 
Mrs. Gill sighed. "Well, I trust Keera and Lewis. They're both upstanding people, and they're definitely not the problem here. If Selena's clashing with them, then it's definitely on her." 
Gavin shook his head. "Aunt, every family has its own problems. Please don't speak badly about Selena. She's sick, and hearing you talk like this behind her back will only hurt her. And besides, it's not like the Gills lost much by not partnering with Keira. The Cobb family has always valued family more than profit. Aunt, when you had that misunderstanding with Keira and almost went to blows, didn't we stand behind you the whole time? Why can't you support me now?" 
Mrs. Gill fell silent. 
She pursed her lips. "But…" 
Gavin frowned again. "Selena's just a young woman and Horton's illegitimate child. It's no surprise the Hortons don't like her. And Keera—didn't you dislike her last time, too? You had a falling out with her, and now she's clashing with Selena. Haven't you considered that maybe Keera's the problem? Why else would her reputation be so bad?" 
Mrs. Gill was shocked. "No! Keera and I only had a misunderstanding. Once that was cleared up, we were fine… And it was my fault, to begin with; I was the one being unreasonable…" 
Gavin pressed on. "Even if you were at fault then, I've done some digging. Ever since Keera returned to the Olsen family in Clance, she's been causing a lot of problems. Now, the Olsens are acting very high-profile. That's not our style at all. So, whatever the issue between her and Selena is, it's definitely her fault. Selena's kind; it can't be her." 
Mrs. Gill sighed heavily. "Gavin, how can you not see what a manipulative little snake she is?" 
"Enough, Aunt!" Gavin's face darkened. 
He stormed out, slamming the door behind him. 
He didn't go far, though. Instead, he took out his phone and opened Selena's location tracker. 
Since her illness, she could faint at any time, so Gavin had set up the tracker for her. 
He had no idea what she was up to. 
Following the tracker, he arrived at Selena's location. From a distance, he saw her speaking to someone. Gavin walked over quietly. 
Selena was saying, "My husband's sick. I need you to mortgage the house quickly. I need the money… and a passport. Something that can help me leave the country fast with the money."
###Chapter 740
740  Chapter 739 
The man furrowed his brow and spoke quietly, "Ms. Horton, if we rush the sale, it'll likely go for less than expected. Are you sure?" 
Selena's expression turned cold. "I'm sure." 
He asked again, "Which country are you heading to?" 
"Any, as long as I can leave quickly!" 
"Alright," he said. "I'll let you know once everything's sorted." 
"Good." 
Selena replied and watched him leave with the deed in hand. As she turned around, she nearly jumped in shock to find Gavin standing right behind her. Pressing her hand to her chest, she asked nervously, "What are you doing here?" 
Gavin frowned, glancing her over before looking toward the man walking away. Hesitating, he asked, "What were you just doing?" 
Selena immediately averted her eyes. "Nothing. Why are you here?" 
"I tried calling you, but you didn't answer. I thought something might have happened, so I tracked your phone's location and came to find you." 
Selena's face darkened. "You put a tracker on my phone?" 
"Yeah, I was worried something might've gone wrong." Gavin cautiously reached out, trying to hold her arm. 
Selena quickly pushed his hand away. 
How disgusting! This man had cancer, and he still dared to touch her! He might pass his cancer cells to her! 
She took a deep breath. 
Gavin, mistaking her reaction for anger, explained helplessly, "Selena, I'm sorry. I know it was wrong to track you without asking, but I was only concerned." 
Concerned? Yeah, concerned she might find out about his illness and run off, leaving him without anyone to take care of him. 
Selena's frustration only grew. She clenched her jaw and nodded. "I get it. My phone died." 
Gavin nodded, too, but glanced once more in the direction the man had gone. "Are you sure nothing's going on? That guy..." 
"He was just asking for directions." 
Selena smiled smoothly. "Anyway, why did you come looking for me?" 
"I told you yesterday, didn't I? I need some cash quickly, so I'm thinking of selling the house. But I can't find the deed anywhere. Did you take it?" 
Selena's eyes flashed with panic as she rushed to reply, "No..." 
Gavin blinked in surprise. "No? I searched everywhere at home, and it's just gone." 
Selena froze, then wrapped her arm around his, smiling sweetly. "Maybe you missed a spot. Let's go back home, and I'll help you look." 
Gavin nodded. 
They got in the car and headed back to the house. On the way, Gavin brought up another issue, "By the way, did you withdraw that two million yet?" 
Selena lowered her eyes and quickly answered, "Gavin, I was just about to tell you. I invested that money in a financial plan, and I can't withdraw it until it matures. What should we do? Maybe we can ask your brother for a loan in the meantime?" 
Ryan had plenty of money. Borrowing two million from him would be no big deal. Why should they fuss over her money? 
Once the house was sold and she had that two million, she could finally leave the country! Even if twenty million wasn't enough for a lifetime abroad, it'd be enough to get by for a while if she was careful. 
With that thought in mind, Selena dropped her gaze again. 
Gavin, fully believing her story, didn't suspect a thing. He nodded. "Alright, I get it." 
They pulled up to the house. Just as they arrived, Gavin got a call from an international medical service. It was about Selena's condition, so he turned to Selena, "Selena, I've got some work to handle. You go on inside." 
"Okay." 
Selena gave him a quick glance before walking inside, but before she closed the door, she overheard him say, "Yes, colon cancer... There's a treatment? That's great! Whatever it costs, we'll do it." 
Selena's eyes darkened. 
So it was true. He had colon cancer. 
And "whatever it costs"? Cancer like that would kill him—there was no way he'd survive. Gavin was selfish. He was going to drain all their savings, then die, leaving her with nothing. 
This was his idea of love? 
Selena let out a cold laugh. Good thing she'd already arranged to sell the house. Otherwise, she'd be left with absolutely nothing. 
Meanwhile, Lewis had been keeping an eye on Selena's moves and now had all the details. 
When Tom updated him, Lewis was puzzled. "Selena stole the deed and is selling the house?" 
Tom nodded. "Yep, that's exactly what she's doing. She even asked for a passport. Is she planning to go abroad for treatment?" 
Lewis shook his head, equally confused. 
Even if he thought long and hard about it, he'd never guess Selena had mistaken her medical records for Gavin's and didn't know she was the one who was actually sick. 
Lewis made up his mind. "Tell Ryan and Gavin about all of this."
###Chapter 741
741  Chapter 740 
Tom received the orders and left. As soon as he was gone, Keira walked in. 
Lewis immediately filled her in on the fact that Selena was selling the house. 
Keira frowned in confusion but quickly shook her head with a smile, looking over at Lewis. 
With his grandmother's recent passing, last night they had just laid in bed and gone to sleep without doing much else. So now, there were things Keira had been wanting to ask but hadn't found the right moment. She went straight for it. "Do you think the South family's ability to predict the future is real?" 
Lewis seemed to know she'd bring this up. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and led her over to the couch. Grabbing his laptop, he opened it and handed it to her. 
"I knew you'd have questions about this. I've been looking into the South family for a while now. Here's everything I've found. Their ability to predict the future is by far their most mysterious trait." 
Keira was taken aback. 
Lewis scrolled through the information on the screen. "These are all the predictions they've made since the internet era began. So far, everything they've said about certain individuals has come true." 
He looked at her seriously. "They can predict the exact moment, reason, and place of someone's death. Some people listened to them and dodged disaster; others didn't, and they died right where and when the prediction said they would." 
Lewis paused, locking eyes with Keira. "Their predictions have never failed. But in the past few decades since the internet, I've only found a little over a hundred instances where they've shared these predictions." 
In other words, the South family's predictions were extremely rare. 
In a world with billions of people, only about a hundred or so had ever been predicted by the South family. 
Keira furrowed her brow, deep in thought. 
Lewis smiled. "Most of these predictions were for some of the world's elite overseas. Those who listened avoided tragedy and became devoted to the South family. The ones who didn't? Well, they're all gone now. Ryan Cobb's case is the first-ever recorded instance of a prediction being made for someone here in Crera." 
Keira's eyes lit up. "So, if we want to know if their predictions are real, Ryan Cobb's case will be the one to watch!" 
Lewis chuckled and ruffled her hair. "Exactly. We'll see what happens with Ryan. I've got a lot of people keeping an eye on the Cobb family, and I'm making sure we're tracking his every move." 
Keira nodded in agreement. 
Then she asked, "Lewis, do you believe in the supernatural?" 
He shook his head. "No." 
"Me neither," Keira said calmly. "So this time, let's test this so-called prophecy and see what it's all about." 
"Absolutely." 
Lewis took her hand in his. "Keira, always remember: we control our own fate, not the heavens. No one on this earth can dictate your destiny." 
Keira gave him a firm nod. 
By the time Ryan received the message Lewis had sent through Tom, it was already noon. 
He'd just woken up from his daily nap. 
Even though he was only thirty, his routine was oddly like that of an elderly man. Every day, he took a twenty-minute nap—it was part of his daily discipline. 
As Ryan looked at the message his assistant handed him, he frowned and asked, "What's Gavin up to?" 
"He's out on a walk with Mrs. Cobb," the housekeeper quickly replied. 
Ryan got up, his expression darkening. "I'll go check on them." 
He headed downstairs. 
From a distance, he could see Gavin holding Selena's arm, the two of them walking slowly in the shade of the garden. 
Selena wasn't in the mood for a walk at all! 
But Gavin had practically dragged her out, insisting it was good for her health... 
Why did she need to be out here just because he was sick and needed the exercise? 
Plus, Selena was known for her love of spicy food, and Gavin shared that love. Yet today, lunch had been completely bland. 
Was he really making her eat such plain food just because he was sick? 
He'd even laid down the law—no spicy dishes were allowed at the table anymore. What kind of control freak was that? 
While Selena stewed silently, Gavin sighed. 
He was worried that seeing those spicy dishes might tempt her, so even though he loved them too, he hadn't let the kitchen bring any out. 
As he looked at Selena, his heart softened. She was his love... even if it cost him everything, he would do whatever it took to make sure she got better. 
With this thought in mind, Gavin asked with concern, "Selena, you really couldn't find the deed to the house? How could it just disappear like that?" 
Selena sighed. "I don't know where it could be. You know how it is when you're looking for something—it's always impossible to find..." 
Gavin frowned. "But I'm in a bit of a rush..." 
Selena's eyes flickered slightly. "I'll try looking for it again later." 
Just as she finished speaking, a cold voice cut through the air. "There's no need to search anymore." 
They both turned to see Ryan approaching, his expression icy. He glanced at Selena before tossing the house deed in front of her. 
"Selena, you handed this deed over to someone else, didn't you? Why are you secretly selling and mortgaging the property?" 
Selena's face drained of color in an instant.
###Chapter 742
742  Chapter 741 
Gavin looked completely thrown off as he turned to Selena. "Did you take the house deed with you today?" 
He suddenly remembered seeing someone earlier, sneaking around and talking to her. His brows furrowed in suspicion. "That guy you were talking to—he wasn't asking for directions, was he? Were you trying to mortgage the house?" 
Selena swallowed nervously. "I... I wasn't..." 
"Wasn't what?" Ryan let out a cold laugh, his gaze cutting toward her. "Our family might stay under the radar, but here in Clance, not many people are brave enough to cross us. You tried to mortgage the house, and I found out within hours." 
Ryan wasn't exaggerating. The second someone sees the Cobb name on a property deed, he would be informed. That house belonged to Gavin, and if anyone tried to mortgage or sell it without him personally handling the deal, they'd definitely inform the Cobbs first. 
Ryan fixed his eyes on Selena. "Why'd you try to mortgage the house?" 
Gavin turned to her, too. "Why would you do that? I told you yesterday I'd handle selling it! If you go through a mortgage, they'll lowball you." 
Selena looked down. "The two million you gave me... I put it into an investment account, and I can't pull it out right now. I thought I could use the house as collateral… You said we needed money fast, so I figured a loan would be quicker than selling." 
"Then why didn't you tell Gavin?" Ryan asked, his voice cool but curious. 
He couldn't quite understand why she'd sneak around like this. Gavin was ready to sell the house for her medical bills, but she went behind his back to mortgage it. Was she worried he'd be too sentimental about letting it go? 
Selena bit her lip. "I didn't want Gavin to feel embarrassed. And selling a house is a big deal—it's the home his parents left us. If we sold it, wouldn't that feel like we're letting them down? But if we just mortgage it, we could pay off the loan later and get it back..." 
Touched by her words, Gavin squeezed her hand. "Selena, I had no idea you were that thoughtful." 
Ryan, however, wasn't buying it. He knew something was off. He wasn't particularly fond of Selena, but since Gavin loved her and she hadn't caused any drama since marrying into the family, he'd let her be. 
Even though he didn't know exactly what she was up to, his instincts told him there was more going on here. 
Instead of pressing further, Ryan turned to Gavin. "If you needed money, why didn't you just come to me? There's no need to sell the house." 
He took the deed from the table. "How much do you need? I'll take care of the hospital bills. As for the deed, I'll hang onto it for safekeeping. This is the only thing your parents left you—if you sell it, how will you keep their memory alive?" 
Gavin's eyes welled up with emotion. 
His parents passed away in a car accident when he was a child, and he'd grown up at the family estate, becoming close to Ryan, who had always looked out for him. In return, Gavin had served Ryan with unwavering loyalty. 
Ryan had always treated him like a younger brother. 
But Gavin was mindful of his position in the family and had been trying not to burden them with his medical costs. 
His voice cracked as he faced Ryan. "Ryan, it's just... Selena and I... with everything going on, the treatments are expensive, and I didn't want to—" 
"The Cobb family has more than enough, and with the Gills behind us, you'll never have to worry about money. You shouldn't be stressing about this," Ryan said, clapping him on the shoulder. He shot a sharp look at Selena. "You're part of this family now, so stop worrying about money." 
With that, Ryan turned and left. 
Gavin, overwhelmed with gratitude, blinked back tears. 
Selena, on the other hand, stared at the deed in Ryan's hand, her fists clenched tight. 
So, now, every dollar she spent was going to be tracked... Ryan was making sure Selena couldn't move any money without him knowing. 
And that deed… 
If Gavin died, Ryan would get everything. The house would be his! 
What kind of treatment would cost twenty million dollars anyway? 
Ryan was playing this game perfectly. Selena could see right through him. 
She bit her lip in frustration. 
But Gavin was oblivious and looked at her with admiration. "Selena, Ryan really does care about us." 
She forced a smile, though it felt fake. 
Later, back in their room, Selena's mind started racing. How could she secure more for herself once Gavin was gone? 
As she was lost in thought, Gavin walked up to her. "Selena, I've been feeling a little off. Do you think we should head to the hospital and get me checked out?" 
Selena's eyes flickered, and she smirked to herself. 
So, he was still hiding his illness from her. 
Putting on her usual sweet expression, she said, "Of course, honey." 
They headed to the hospital together. To keep her from catching on, Gavin even went through the motions of getting himself checked out, just like she had. 
Selena found the whole act amusing. 
Just then, a nurse passed by, whispering to a colleague. "That husband is so sweet. He's even pretending to get a check-up so his wife won't find out how sick she really is…"
###Chapter 743
743  Chapter 742
Selena couldn't help but sigh.
Why couldn't her husband be more like that?
Gavin was still hiding his illness from her, even now!
Her hands balled into tight fists as frustration boiled up inside her.
When Gavin finally came out of the exam room, he turned to her and said, "Babe, you should get checked out, too. Don't worry, it's nothing serious."
Selena flashed him a smile as she walked into the room, but the resentment she felt only grew.
A CT scan had radiation! Gavin was so desperate to hide his illness that he didn't even care about her safety anymore.
But then again, Gavin was a powerful man. He had been the one to bail her out. Without him, she'd probably still be sitting in a jail cell.
As much as it made her angry, she had no choice but to go through with the scan.
After her scan was done, she headed toward the doctor's office. Just as she got closer, she overheard the doctor saying, "Mr. Cobb, unnecessary scans expose you to radiation. Why put yourself through that?"
"It's fine," Gavin said, brushing it off.
The doctor sighed heavily. "The disease is progressing quickly. The upside is that there's no pain, so even as it worsens, you won't feel much discomfort…"
Gavin's voice was tense. "How long do we have?"
The doctor sighed again. "By the time we found it, it was already late-stage. You've got maybe two weeks left. But there's an imported drug that could extend your life by a few years. Would you like to try it?"
Gavin immediately nodded. "Yes, let's try it."
"The thing is, it's expensive. A single round of treatment could cost over a million dollars. And even then, it would only extend your life by about three to five years. But maybe by then, we'll have found a cure, right?"
"Exactly. Even if we have to sell the house, we're going to fight this!" Gavin said firmly.
"Alright, I'll get the prescription ready."
The doctor began writing out the prescription, and Gavin quickly added, "Oh, one more thing. Please tell my wife these are just vitamins. I don't want her worrying. And, um, could you give me some actual vitamins, too? I'll take them with her."
The doctor gave him a sympathetic look. "Sure."
He had never seen a man so dedicated to his wife.
When Gavin finally left the office, he spotted Selena and nearly jumped out of his skin. "What are you doing here? You didn't overhear anything, did you?"
Gavin was so nervous...
Selena's thoughts darkened, but she kept up her sweet smile. "Of course not. Give me the prescription—I'll go pick up the meds."
Gavin handed it over, distracted by a work call.
Selena took the prescription and went to get the medicine. She charged it to Ryan's card, so she didn't think twice about buying everything on the list.
But inside, she was seething.
One bottle was filled with vitamins, while the other was for Gavin's treatment. Her anger simmered.
Just then, a shady-looking man sidled up to her. "Miss, that medicine you've got there... it's a special cancer drug, right?"
Selena froze. "How do you know that?"
He grinned. "I'm in the business of selling these kinds of drugs. See, this stuff is only prescribed to specific patients, but I can resell it through my contacts. Think about it—he's already in the late stages. Why waste so much money? How about selling it to me for a discount? I'll give you ninety percent of the value."
Ninety percent...
The medicine had cost a million dollars. Ninety percent would be nine hundred thousand!
Selena's eyes lit up. "Deal!"
She quickly sold the medication to the man, and after a moment's thought, she went and bought more vitamins to replace it. This way, when they got home, both she and Gavin would be taking the same thing—vitamins.
If Gavin was going to die in two weeks, so be it!
Once he was gone, she could buy another round of the expensive meds and pocket the four hundred thousand. Then she could disappear abroad.
The idea excited her.
Maybe she was too excited because she suddenly felt light-headed like she was about to faint...
But it didn't matter.
With the medicine in hand, she and Gavin left the hospital together.
That evening, Gavin came to her with two bottles of vitamins. "Babe, the doctor said we both need to take these. Starting today, we're going to make sure we're getting our vitamins, okay?"
Selena smiled slyly. "Sure thing, honey. Let's do it."
Gavin handed her the pills with a smile.
For the next few days, Selena and Gavin took their vitamins together every day. The only problem was that the vitamins tasted awful, and it made her lose her appetite.
Her meals got smaller, and she even started to lose weight.
For months, she had been trying to diet without any success, but now, the pounds were just melting off. She was thrilled.
She didn't even notice the sadness in Gavin's eyes every time he looked at her…
Time flew by, and soon, a week had passed.
That morning, Keira woke up and immediately got ready to head over to the Cobb residence.
Erin eagerly trailed after her. "Are you going to see Ryan? Take me with you!"
Keira glanced at her. "Are you sure today is the day of Ryan's car accident?"
Erin nodded confidently. "I'm sure!"
Keira smiled. "Alright then, let's head to the Cobb's place together."
###Chapter 744
744  Chapter 743 
Keira wasn't entirely sure if Ryan Cobb would really have an accident today. 
But after thinking about it, she agreed with what Erin had said. 
When it comes to matters of life and death, it's better to believe it could happen than to dismiss it outright. 
Erin had predicted that Ryan's car accident would happen at 10 a.m., but Keira didn't know where Ryan would be at that time. So, to be safe, she decided to wait outside the Cobb family house with Erin starting at 7 a.m. 
On the way there, Erin had bought quite the spread—pancakes, doughnuts, coffee, pudding, chips, and even some hotdogs. 
As Keira stood beside the car, keeping an eye on the Cobb resident's gate, Erin stayed inside, devouring everything she'd bought with audible slurps and chomps. 
Keira watched in disbelief as Erin finished off the entire breakfast spread. She couldn't help but feel a twitch in her lips. 
Her eyes flicked to Erin's stomach. It didn't even look bloated… 
How could she eat so much? Was her stomach some kind of bottomless pit? 
Just as Keira was silently wondering about this, Erin looked over, coughed lightly, and reminded her, "I did ask you if you wanted any. You said no, so I didn't get you anything." 
Keira was speechless. 
Was this the same cunning strategist, Erin South Martin, or a food-obsessed squirrel?! 
She couldn't bear to watch anymore and turned her gaze back to the gate. 
She checked the time. 
Initially, she'd thought Ryan, being similar to Lewis in his workaholic tendencies, would have left early for work. That was why they had come so early to stop him. 
But to her surprise, it was already 9:30 a.m., and he was just leaving. 
The gates of the Cobb residence opened, and Ryan's car slowly emerged. 
Keira didn't rush. She stood calmly next to her car, watching him approach. 
Ryan's car came to a halt. 
There was no choice; Keira had parked her car right in front of the gate, effectively blocking the driveway. 
Even though the gate was wide enough for two cars, her vehicle was right in the middle of the road. 
Ryan's car was a low-profile brand. 
He stepped out of the car and walked toward Keira, frowning. "Ms. Olsen, what exactly are you trying to do?" 
Keira calmly replied, "Mr. Cobb, you can't leave before 10 a.m." 
Ryan's frown deepened. "I have an important meeting today. Don't cause trouble." 
Keira looked at him seriously. "If you leave before 10, you'll get into a car accident." 
Ryan scoffed. "I told you, I don't believe in any of that." 
Keira shrugged. "Honestly, I don't really believe in it either. But the things happening with the South family are strange, so I had to stop you. After all, there's an old saying, better safe than sorry." 
Ryan's brow furrowed even tighter. "Ms. Olsen, I control my own life. I don't believe in this nonsense, and even if you stand here all day, I still won't believe it." 
Keira frowned back. "Is there really anything more important than your life, Mr. Cobb?" 
Ryan glanced at his watch, his face showing even more impatience. 
He had an important meeting today, but his morning had been off. First, he'd spilled breakfast on his suit, and then he'd had to shower and change, which had delayed him even more. Now, he didn't have time to stand here arguing with Keira. 
He shot back, "If you don't move, I'll make you." 
"Fine." Keira gestured. "Go ahead." 
Ryan was perplexed. 
Keira added, "I know my actions are strange and might seem irrational, but Lewis and I have looked into all the South family's prophecies from the past decades. Every single one has come true. Not a single miss. So, Mr. Cobb, I'm stopping you today to see if it's real or not. I understand what's at stake if you miss your meeting, and I'll take full responsibility." 
Ryan shouted, "What can you take responsibility for? Do you even understand how important this meeting is?" 
Keira nodded. "I know. I've already checked. You're meeting with a foreign medical institution to bring in their vaccines, right? That's no big deal. I can handle it for you." 
Her status in international circles ensured that no medical institution would dare refuse her. 
That was why Keira had come to stop Ryan today. 
Ryan's face darkened. "You've been investigating me?" 
Keira calmly replied, "Sorry. I just wanted to make sure I wasn't holding you up from something life-saving." 
If Ryan had been on his way to save a life, she wouldn't have had the nerve to stop him. So, of course, she'd made sure to find out what his schedule was. 
Ryan's face remained grim. 
Seeing that Keira wasn't budging, he took a step back and said, "Fine. I'll wait until after 10 to leave. But I swear, if nothing happens, I'm going to prove this whole thing is a ridiculous waste of time!"
###Chapter 745
745  Chapter 744 
Ryan was getting a little annoyed. 
The Cobb family had always maintained a low profile. Despite their high status, they never threw their weight around, which was why, even now, with Keira standing at his doorstep, Ryan hadn't called security or anyone else for backup. 
Growing up, Ryan was raised to be kind and approachable. His usual demeanor was one of grace and elegance, but right now, standing before Keira, he frowned in irritation. 
Being gentle didn't mean he couldn't get angry. 
There had been instances where people underestimated the Cobb family's restraint, coming to provoke them. On the surface, the family might smile and let things slide, but behind closed doors, they'd bankrupt their adversaries without a second thought. In the end, those same people would come crawling back, begging for mercy. And once the Cobbs granted them a lifeline, even though they had fallen from elite families to second-rate status, they were forever grateful to the Cobbs. 
Ryan's eyes now carried a cold, dangerous edge. 
Meanwhile, the woman standing before him seemed completely unbothered, casually fiddling with her phone, as though his growing fury didn't faze her in the slightest. 
Keira was checking the time—just five minutes until 10:00. 
If the South family's prophecy was correct, Ryan was supposed to be in a car accident in five minutes. But he was still standing in his own front yard, so how could that possibly happen? 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
If no car accident occurred, then the South family's prophecy would be proven wrong. 
According to Erin, once a prophecy from the South family was made, it couldn't be avoided. The only option was to face the impending disaster head-on. 
The reason the South family shared their prophecies was to give the other party a chance to prepare. 
In Ryan's case—if he had known about the accident ahead of time, maybe he could have avoided the worst of it and saved his life when the time came. 
That was why the South family's predictions were so rare and valuable. 
Keira glanced at Ryan and checked her phone again. Four minutes left... 
The car accident from the prophecy was about to happen, and even Keira couldn't help but feel a bit tense. 
Ryan glanced down at his own watch and scoffed. "Ms. Olsen, I've got four minutes left, and I'm still in my front yard. There's no way your car accident prediction is coming true." 
Keira nodded. "Yep, four more minutes. Please, just bear with me a little longer, Mr. Cobb. I promise, at 10:01, you're free to go." 
Ryan smirked, clearly not taking her seriously. 
Keira sighed softly. 
Just then, a voice called out, "Aunt Keera, I know Uncle Lewis has spoiled you, but how could you pull something like this?" 
Everyone turned to see Selena approaching. 
Still putting on her polite, innocent front, Selena looked as poised as ever. But her eyes betrayed her and were filled with unmistakable hostility. 
Keira lowered her gaze, not interested in engaging. 
Selena stepped closer, turning her attention to Ryan. "I'm so sorry, big brother. Let me apologize on behalf of my aunt. Uncle and the Olsen family spoil her too much, and now she's out of control…" 
Ryan's frown deepened. 
Before he could respond, a sarcastic voice chimed in, "Little manipulator, did you forget to brush your teeth this morning?" 
Selena was momentarily stunned, unsure of whom Erin was talking to. 
Keira's lips curled into a slight smile. Erin looked directly at Selena. "Selena, I'm talking to you." 
Selena's brow furrowed. "What did you just call me?" 
"A scheming manipulator," Erin said sweetly. "Or manipulator, for short. Doesn't it suit you? You're like a walking example of that phrase—so fresh and innocent!" 
Erin smiled brightly. 
Selena's jaw tightened. 
Knowing she couldn't out-argue Erin, Selena shifted her gaze back to Keira. "Aunt Keera, it's one thing to show up by yourself, but bringing her along to start a fight? You really don't respect the Cobb family, do you?" 
Keira looked at Ryan, giving him a serious explanation. "We're only insulting Selena, not the Cobb family." 
Ryan didn't know what to say. 
Wait, what? Why was she explaining this so seriously? 
He felt thrown off, unsure of how to respond for a moment. It was like someone slapped him, then immediately apologized as if that made everything better. 
Ryan's lips twitched, and he couldn't help but speak up, "Ms. Olsen, Selena is still part of the Cobb family now, so could you… tone it down a little?" 
Even as he said it, something about it felt wrong. 
Keira turned to Erin. "You heard him. Watch your words." 
Erin grinned. "Got it. Fine, I won't call you a manipulator anymore, okay? But seriously, some people… when they can't win an argument, they run and tattle. How old are you again? Still in diapers? You're not still wearing a pull-up, are you?" 
As she said that, Erin glanced downward toward Selena's waist. 
Selena stiffened, her face turning red with anger as she clenched her fists, practically shaking. "Miss Martin, I'd appreciate it if you watched your mouth." 
"No matter how much you'd like me to clean it up, it's nothing compared to the stench coming from you," Erin retorted. "Next time, try brushing your teeth before you leave the house."
###Chapter 746
746  Chapter 745 
Selena felt like she was going to explode with anger. 
Her entire body was shaking. 
Ugh! 
Was it illegal to kill someone?! 
For some reason, in her rage, she even began to feel a dull pain coming from her abdomen. 
Taking a deep breath to calm herself and suppress the ache, she turned to Keira, frowning deeply. "Ms. Olsen, Miss Martin, what you're saying is just absurd! No wonder Ryan doesn't believe you—I don't either! Stop trying to scam us!" 
Keira replied calmly, "There are two minutes left. Let's see who's really scamming who, shall we?" 
Selena let out a mocking laugh. "I know why you're here. You're just trying to partner up with the Gill family. But I'm curious—your family and the Hortons are both filthy rich. Is partnering with the Gills really that crucial? Or maybe… you've got some ulterior motive?" 
Keira narrowed her eyes. "All my dealings with the Gills are completely aboveboard. Nora Institute doesn't need to work with them for any hidden agenda." 
Selena scoffed, "Really? Because from what I've heard, you practically begged Gills to get the deal with them. I mean, come on—Nora Institute is a big name. People all over the world would kill to collaborate with you. But you chose the Gills, offering terms that are suspiciously reasonable. If that's not fishy, I don't know what is." 
She turned to Ryan, insisting, "Ryan, they're hiding something for sure! You can't trust them!" 
Ryan's normally calm eyes were now cold as ice as he looked at Keira. 
Seeing this, Erin was about to step forward, but Keira held out a hand, stopping her. She said, "What's your point, Selena? Nora Institute's collaborations are based on market research. Sure, we've got plenty of international partners, but since we opened our institute in Clance, of course, we'd work with domestic businesses. The Gill family runs the largest medical operation in the city. Who else should we work with if not them? Or do you think there's a better medical institution than the Gills?" 
Keira's sharp words left Selena speechless. 
She hesitated. "But... I heard you only got the deal with the Gills because you begged Nara for it." 
Keira responded coolly, "Nara is my friend, and her brother is a colleague from the Freeman Sect. If you really think that's suspicious, then by your logic, maybe Nara's secretly trying to infiltrate Nora Institute on behalf of her family?" 
Selena stammered, "Of course not…" 
"Exactly. I've nearly fallen out with the Gills over Nara in the past. Lucky for us, she's their long-lost daughter, or that deal would've gone south. Selena, don't assume everyone else is as underhanded as you." 
Selena was speechless 
What…? 
Keera was usually quiet and reserved, so where was all this sass suddenly coming from? 
Usually quiet? 
That word stuck in Selena's mind, and she suddenly realized that she had been thinking of Keera as if she were the same person as the late Keira Olsen from Oceanion. 
Yes. 
The woman in front of her looked just like that Keira. But Keera was always more reserved, rarely speaking, even when she was at the Horton residence. 
So, Selena had never connected her with the Keira from Oceanion until now. 
They were practically identical! 
Selena felt a nagging sense of familiarity, but she still couldn't quite figure it out. 
Frowning deeply, she snapped, "Fine, let's say your deal with the Gills is legit, but the Cobb family already cut ties with you. Why are you still trying so hard to get in? 
"The Cobb family always sticks up for their own! I think you're just holding a grudge because we stopped working with you, and now you're here to cause trouble." 
Selena turned to Ryan again. "Ryan, your meeting is starting soon, with an international medical team no less. What if Keira's stalling you on purpose to mess with your business? Who knows what she's up to?" 
Ryan glanced at Keira, his eyes narrowing. 
He wasn't easily swayed by Selena's outbursts, but she did have a point—business deals should be voluntary. And with the tension between the Hortons and the Cobb family, it would be better for everyone if he just walked away from this partnership. No need to cause awkwardness or hard feelings down the line. 
Impatiently, he said, "Ms. Olsen, please step aside." 
Keira didn't move. Instead, she looked at her phone and began to count down. "Ten, nine…" 
Selena scoffed. "It's five seconds to ten. We're standing right here, so how's a car crash going to happen?" 
As soon as Selena finished her sentence, Keira completed her countdown, locking eyes with Ryan. 
Next to them, Erin snapped her fingers with a grin. "Time's up!" 
Everyone turned to Ryan. 
He was standing right by the entrance—how could a serious car crash possibly happen now?
###Chapter 747
747  Chapter 746 
Keira exhaled, relieved that everything around her was quiet. 
Erin had raised the South family's reputation too high, leading Keira to believe in the absurdity of the situation despite her better judgment. 
At that moment, she turned to Ryan and said, "Nothing happened, which is better than something going wrong. Mr. Cobb, I'm sorry for the inconvenience this twenty minutes has caused you. I will take full responsibility—" 
Before she could finish, Selena interrupted her, "You take responsibility? Do you think Ryan's time can be compensated with money? Do you even know who he is? The decisions he makes can affect countless families! Ms. Olsen, you're being awfully presumptuous!" 
Keira looked at Ryan, wanting to say more... 
Ryan waved her off. "Ms. Olsen, I'll reserve the right to pursue this matter further. Can we clear the way now?" 
His expression remained calm, his tone steady, but Keira could sense the underlying tension. 
Ryan was angry. 
With an apologetic nod, Keira slid into the driver's seat of her car, backing up to give him space. 
Ryan shot her a cold glance before turning to enter his own vehicle. 
Selena watched Keira, a smirk creeping onto her face. 
Keira was digging her own grave! 
The Cobb family's standing was far beyond that of any business family! 
Yes, the South family was formidable, but Ryan could decide the trajectory of their family's business with a single word! After all, he was the hidden heir to the throne in Clance! 
Now that Keira had offended him, even if Gavin did fall ill and pass away, Ryan would never reconcile with the South family. That would leave Selena free to stay in the Cobb household under his protection... 
Thinking of this, Selena couldn't help but feel pleased. She declared, "Ms. Olsen, I respect you and even call you 'Aunt,' but don't overestimate your importance! I can assure you, Ryan won't let this slide easily!" 
Keira furrowed her brow, her gaze fixed on Ryan. 
He hadn't gotten into his car yet, but the driver had exited and was standing respectfully beside him. 
Ryan had a sharp, cool profile that suggested he was in control. 
He gave Keira the impression of a stoic monk, especially since he wasn't dressed in a suit but wore a traditional outfit with a string of prayer beads hanging from his wrist... 
This man looked gentle, but he was undoubtedly not someone to provoke. 
Keira frowned, realizing she might have brought trouble to both the South and Horton families... 
Yet she was never one to shy away from trouble. 
It merely meant there was an additional opponent to deal with. 
With an inexplicable sigh, Keira found herself reluctant to go up against someone like him... 
Just then, a loud roar broke through her thoughts. 
That sound... it was the engine of a sports car! 
Keira immediately turned around, only to see a sports car barreling out from the Cobb property, heading straight for Ryan! 
Everything unfolded too quickly; even Ryan was momentarily stunned. 
Truth be told, he had never believed in omens, but there was something eerie about the South family. 
So even as he claimed disbelief, he had always been wary of a car crashing in from outside. He never imagined a sports car would emerge from his own home! 
What on earth was happening?! 
As Ryan processed this, the sports car sped up to him. Suddenly, a panicked voice rang out, "Ryan, get out of the way! The car's out of control!!" 
Ryan froze. 
Behind the wheel was his little sister, Ellie Cobb, in a frenzy, desperately trying to brake, her face pale as a sheet! 
The car was charging straight at him! 
In that instant, Ryan's instinct wasn't to jump aside; instead, he glanced at his watch and saw it was exactly ten o'clock and fifty-five seconds... 
It was still ten o'clock for five seconds! 
Ryan's pupils constricted. 
He looked up. 
At that moment, the car was almost upon him. 
His vehicle was blocking half the entrance, and the driver stood beside him, ready to open the door. Seeing Ellie racing toward them, the driver panicked and instinctively tried to stop Ryan! 
Ryan could have sidestepped... 
But just as the car zoomed past him, he seized the door handle, leaping into the car! 
There was no other choice! 
Ellie was his sister; he couldn't ignore her safety. 
As he jumped in, he stole a glance at his watch. It read fifty-nine seconds... 
The South family's prophecy had come true! 
In that split second, at exactly ten o'clock, when he jumped into that out-of-control car, a car accident had already occurred!! 
"Ryan, what are you doing? Get out! This car's out of control!" Ellie shouted, her foot slamming down on the brakes. 
Ryan had jumped into the passenger seat. Once inside and adjusting to the car's speed, he immediately commanded, "Switch seats!" 
Ellie's eyes filled with tears; she knew he wouldn't abandon her, but she never expected him to risk his life to save her! 
He was the only true heir of the Cobb family! 
At this moment, Ellie realized that there was no time for talk. Getting out of the car now, at such high speed, would be tantamount to suicide! 
Without hesitation, they both leaped up, swapping places in the cramped sports car. 
Ryan pressed down hard on the brake, but the car showed no signs of stopping! 
He... might really die!
###Chapter 748
748  Chapter 747 
Ryan stared ahead, his expression grim. 
He had already checked the car—its brakes were completely non-functional, and it was a sports car, which was speeding up rapidly and impossible to stop now. 
There was no saving it... 
Even with the situation analyzed, Ryan maintained his composure as he turned to Ellie. "What did you have for breakfast this morning?" 
With tears streaming down her face and panic etched on her features, Ellie blinked at him, clearly confused. "What did you say, Ryan?" 
"I asked if you had breakfast." 
"It's the middle of a crisis! Why are you asking about food?" She gasped, "We're going too fast to make that turn…!" 
"So, you did eat?" Ryan pressed, his tone steady. 
"Yeah, I did." 
"Good. At least you won't be starving when you die." 
"..." 
Hearing this, Ellie's tears flowed even more freely. "But I don't want to die! I don't want to die!" she sobbed. 
Ryan kept his eyes fixed on the road. "Ahead, there's a river. You can swim. When we get close, you need to jump out! There's still a chance to survive!" 
"But the river's current is too strong! I might not make it! You're a better swimmer than I am! I should steer. You jump!" Ellie insisted. 
The road was winding, and someone needed to control the steering wheel at that speed. If they both jumped at the same time, the car would lose control, and they might both be doomed. 
Ryan was handing her the hope of survival. 
He replied to her insistence, "I'm your brother; I need to protect you." 
"No way! This is my life; I can't let you take my place!" Ellie was adamant. 
Ryan sighed. "Alright, if you jump, it's likely a death sentence, too. Let's not argue about it." 
"...Ryan, is dying painful?" 
"No," Ryan explained calmly. "When the body experiences severe trauma, it releases dopamine, which helps dull the pain during emergencies. If the car crashes, we'll probably die very quickly, so we won't even feel it. There's nothing to be scared of." 
Ellie's response was silence, her eyes wide. Not be scared? 
"Listen to yourself, Ryan," she said, tears cascading down her cheeks. "But I don't want to die!" 
Their bizarre conversation continued in the car, while outside, a group at the Cobb family estate stood frozen in shock. 
The sports car sped by in a blur, almost a flash, leaving them stunned as it tore down the road. 
They wouldn't be able to turn back! 
They even saw the car fishtail around a corner, nearly flipping over! 
If Ryan hadn't switched places with Ellie to take the wheel, if he hadn't had any experience with racing, they wouldn't have made it through that turn alive! 
Selena gasped in disbelief. 
Keira furrowed her brow and rushed to the driver's seat of her own car. 
Erin dashed over, grabbing Keira's arm. "What are you doing? You can't possibly think about going to save them! I get it; if you rescue them, we can continue our partnership, but this is reckless! Besides, that's a sports car; there's no way your car can catch up!" 
Ignoring Erin, Keira pushed her hand away, slamming the car door shut. 
"Keira! Get out of the car!" Erin shouted, pounding on the door. "The South family's prophecies are never wrong! If it says there'll be an accident at ten o'clock, then there will be! If you try to save them, it'll cost you dearly! Get out now!" 
But then Keira suddenly reversed, spinning the wheel and flooring the accelerator, and her car rocketed forward! 
Erin tried to chase after her, but the car was too fast; she couldn't keep up. 
When the car vanished from view, she stopped, panic surging as she fumbled for her phone and dialed Lewis's number. "You need to come quickly! Keira's in trouble!" 
After hanging up, she was filled with anxiety. 
Selena, shaken but indifferent, noted that Ryan and Ellie were essentially strangers to her and didn't care about their plight. 
She scoffed. "She thinks she's a hero? What an overestimation of herself!" 
"...That is a bit over the top, isn't it?" 
Meanwhile, in the speeding car, Ryan remained focused as Ellie peered into the rearview mirror, spotting a black SUV gaining on them. 
"Ryan, that girl from the estate is chasing us! What does she think she's doing? She can't seriously want to rescue us, can she?" 
Ryan glanced in the mirror, his frown deepening. 
Ellie continued, "Let's be real: we're in a sports car and speeding up. That's just a sedan. Even if she floors it, there's no way she can catch us, right?" 
As soon as she finished, the SUV suddenly accelerated, closing the gap between them. 
"What the—?"
###Chapter 749
749  Chapter 748 
Ellie was in shock. 
She glanced over at Ryan again. 
Ryan had seen the scene, too, but his brow was still furrowed, tight with concern. 
There was no denying it; they both knew that even if Keira charged ahead, she wouldn't catch up. And even if she did... what could she possibly do? 
He slammed on the brakes, desperate to get them to respond. 
But nothing happened! 
Taking a deep breath, Ryan focused on the road ahead. 
At this speed, the sports car could easily top three hundred miles per hour—totally unsafe for this kind of terrain! 
A single bump could send the car airborne or roll it over! 
Especially since... 
Just up ahead, there were several sharp turns. 
At this speed, they had no chance of making it around the corners! 
He inhaled sharply; pulling the handbrake wouldn't do any good. Just then, he heard Ellie shout, "She's catching up!" 
Ryan blinked and glanced in the rearview mirror. 
To his shock, the SUV was indeed gaining on them, closing the distance rapidly... 
At this speed... 
Ryan frowned. 
Ellie's car was a convertible, and Keira's car soon caught up with them. Keira rolled down her window. 
From the passenger seat, Ellie could talk to Keira. "Why are you chasing us?" 
Keira replied, "What's wrong with the car?" 
"The brakes have failed!" 
"Have you tried engine braking with the handbrake?" 
Ellie nodded vigorously. "I've been doing that for ages, but it's not helping!" 
Keira glanced ahead and saw the road was clear, but the upcoming turns had guardrails on both sides, making it impossible to slow down. 
Ellie sensed Keira's silence and spoke up again, "You shouldn't follow us! We're going too fast; the car could flip at any moment!" 
But Keira didn't respond. Instead, she asked, "Why did the brakes fail?" 
She'd come to help for two reasons: to save them and to figure out if the sports car had been tampered with. Was the South family's prophecy due to human interference or something supernatural? 
Ellie was nearly in tears. "Does any of that even matter right now?" 
Keira nodded. "It's very important." 
Before Ellie could argue, Ryan interjected calmly, "We need to stop and check the car to find out what's wrong, but…" 
His voice softened, "Ms. Olsen, you might never know the truth. At this speed, we won't make it around the next turn without crashing into a building, and the car will be totaled." 
Clearly, he understood what Keira was implying. 
It was hard for him to believe—someone who'd never trusted the supernatural was starting to wonder if the South family's prophecy might actually be true. 
The prophecy suggested that if Keira hadn't stopped him from leaving, he would have had an accident on the road. 
But since she intervened, it led to this car failure... 
The South family's prophecy felt more like a curse—death was inevitable. Even if they avoided immediate danger, they would ultimately pay the price! 
Seeing Ryan understand her point, Keira said, "Mr. Cobb, I don't believe in these things, but there's a reason behind this. So stay calm, grip the steering wheel, and wait for help!" 
At these speeds, any slip with the steering wheel could mean disaster. 
Ryan didn't say anything, but he gripped the wheel firmly. 
Ellie, however, was crying, "Help? Who's coming to rescue us? Why is this happening? Did I offend someone?" 
"Shut up," Ryan snapped. 
Ellie fell silent. 
Keira looked at her. "Don't be scared; I'm here to save you." 
With that, she rolled up her window. 
When the window was open, the wind rushed in, which affected her speed! 
Ellie stared, confused, and turned to Ryan. "What did she just say? She's going to save us? How is that even possible?!" 
Ryan couldn't help but glance at her but quickly turned his focus back to the road. 
"There's no time," he said flatly. 
They were just a thousand feet from the sharp turn, and at this speed, there was no way to save anyone. 
Just then, he heard the screeching of tires from beside them, and the SUV behind them accelerated! 
It shot ahead of their car! 
Ryan was stunned by Keira's maneuver. 
Ellie was in shock, too. "How is she doing that? She's just a woman! That's not even a sports car! How could she control her speed to pass us? Even if she does, how will she save us?" 
Almost as soon as she finished speaking, Keira swerved her vehicle into their lane, positioning herself directly in front of them! 
"Ahhh! We're going to crash!" 
Ellie screamed as their car jolted from the impact, colliding with the SUV! 
But because Keira had controlled her speed, the two vehicles only brushed against each other, avoiding a serious crash. She gently applied the brakes! 
Her large SUV gradually slowed down, bringing the sports car with it! 
They were saved!
###Chapter 750
750  Chapter 749 
Ellie perked up. "Ryan, we're saved!" 
But Ryan's expression didn't lighten. He tightened his jaw, staring ahead. "Not yet." 
Ellie blinked at his words, then looked out the front window, realizing their car was slowing down but not fast enough, especially with a turn coming up ahead. 
If they didn't stop before the turn, they'd likely smash into the nearby building! 
There was still danger! 
"What do we do?" Ellie asked, panic rising in her voice. 
Ryan clenched his jaw. 
Just then, the driver's side window of the car ahead rolled down, and Keira's slender arm extended out, signaling them with a hand gesture. 
"What's she doing?" Ellie wondered, confusion washing over her. 
Ryan didn't answer; instead, he turned to Ellie and said firmly, "Hold on to something and brace yourself!" 
"Okay!" she replied, but before she could fully process his words, she saw Keira slam the brakes! 
Both cars screeched to a halt, the tires squealing against the pavement, but their vehicle still surged forward! 
Ellie watched in horror as they hurtled toward the front… 
If Keira hit the gas and swung the wheel, she'd be fine. But without any resistance, their car would crash head-on, still putting them in danger! 
Ellie knew they were done for. 
Keira might be skilled, but she wouldn't risk her own life for theirs! 
Squeezing her eyes shut, she braced for impact, knowing exactly what was about to happen. Then she heard the anticipated crash! 
"Bang!!" 
Her body jolted violently, feeling as though the world had shaken apart. 
It hurt like hell, but the expected death didn't come. 
Dazed, Ellie slowly opened her eyes, realizing the car's airbags had deployed, her face buried in the cushion. 
She quickly turned to check on Ryan. 
For once, the usually composed man looked bewildered, his forehead bruised and dazed. He appeared slightly out of it. 
"Ryan, are you okay?" Ellie shouted. 
Ryan snapped back to reality. 
His head throbbed, but surviving was what mattered most. 
Suddenly, he remembered something and hurriedly unfastened his seatbelt, pushing the airbag off him. He forced the door open and climbed out of the car! 
Once outside, he looked ahead. 
The car that should have sped away had instead come to a stop, slamming into the building in front of them. 
Keira had used her heavy SUV as a shield for them. 
If their sports car had collided with the building, both he and Ellie would have been toast! 
But Keira had absorbed the impact, saving their lives. 
Ryan staggered slightly, wanting to check on Keira. 
After such a crash, she had to be hurt! 
But his legs felt weak, making it hard to move forward… 
Taking a deep breath, he steadied himself. Just then, a car sped toward them, slamming to a stop beside their vehicle. 
Lewis Horton jumped out and dashed toward the front car! 
"Keira!" 
There was a tremor in Lewis's voice. 
Ryan stiffened at the name, not sure why Keira's striking face suddenly flashed in his mind. 
His status was special, and although he kept a low profile, everyone aware of his father's reputation wanted to connect with him. 
So, beautiful women had surrounded him from a young age. 
Keira was indeed stunning! 
Yet, Ryan was practically immune to beauty, so he never paid much attention. But now, remembering how calm she'd been earlier, his heart raced. 
Once his legs felt steadier, he was about to step closer to check on her when the driver's side door swung open, and Keira emerged from the car. 
Ryan let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. 
"Keira!" Lewis's heart raced as he pulled her into an embrace. "How could you put yourself in such danger?" 
He had already lost his grandmother; he couldn't bear losing Keira, too! 
Feeling his panic, Keira gently patted his shoulder. "I knew your car was modified; otherwise, I wouldn't have done something so reckless." 
That was true—Lewis had customized the vehicle. 
After discovering the South family's potential threat, he had gone to great lengths for her safety. Who would've thought that today, his efforts would save Ryan and Ellie? 
Once she was sure Lewis was okay, Keira said, "I need to check on Ryan's car." 
She needed to figure out if this was intentional or just an accident! 
Lewis nodded, letting her go.
###Chapter 751
751  Chapter 750 
Keira was desperate to save the two people for three reasons: first, she was sure that Lewis's modified car was much safer than a regular vehicle; second, it was a matter of two lives; and third, she wanted to keep an eye on the car that belonged to Ryan and Ellie to find out if the accident was truly an accident or something more sinister. 
Honestly, even now, she still had her doubts about the South family. 
Having grown up in this environment, her understanding had evolved, and she had made a name for herself in the scientific field. She'd rather believe in the existence of aliens than put stock in any superstitious nonsense. 
Talk of ghosts and spirits was just that—nonsense. 
But today's accident seemed to validate Erin's words, hinting that the South family's predictions held some truth... 
But was it really due to a prophecy, or was the South family orchestrating things to create the illusion of prophecy? 
Back in Oceanion, the first time Keira met her sister, Keera, the South family members had drugged her and tossed her into the ocean, leading to her sister's tragic death. 
When she and Lewis had looked into it later, they found that all the surveillance footage had been wiped clean, erasing any trace of what had happened. 
That was enough to show just how powerful the South family was. 
So, was the South family an organization capable of making all predictions come true to intimidate everyone in the world? 
Keira had some scrapes on her arm, but she seemed completely oblivious to them. 
When Ellie saw her rushing over, she stopped in her tracks. 
"How is it?" Keira asked. 
"We're fine," Ellie replied. 
"...I meant the car." 
"Uh..." 
Ellie looked down, her eyes downcast. "The front just got hit; the brakes should be fine." 
"That's good to hear." 
Keira kept it short and ran straight to the car. 
As she rushed over, Ellie crawled out from the vehicle and immediately grabbed Keira's hand, excitedly saying, "You're our savior! You're like a second parent to me and my brother! Thank you for saving us!" 
But Keira brushed past her, wanting to check the car herself. 
Suddenly, Lewis grabbed her wrist, and she turned in surprise. "I'll take a look," he said. 
"Fine." 
Keira stepped aside and finally noticed a sharp pain in her arm. 
Looking down, she saw her shirt torn, revealing blood. She shook it off as if that would make the pain go away. 
Ellie and Ryan watched in silence, both baffled. 
Did this girl not understand what fear or pain was? 
They had just escaped a near-death experience, and their adrenaline had kept them from feeling anything. But now that the rush was fading, the pain was creeping in. 
Ellie winced, wishing she had some painkillers. The impact had bruised her in several places, and tears were on the verge of spilling. 
Ryan, too, was clearly in pain. He moved stiffly, his expression as stoic as ever, which was typical for him; he never showed what he felt. 
But how could a young woman be acting like that? 
Ellie pulled out her phone and called for an ambulance. Then she rummaged through the trunk to grab a first-aid kit, disinfecting her and Ryan's wounds first. 
Ryan noticed the antiseptic and subtly gestured to Keira. 
Ellie quickly approached Keira with the supplies. "Ms. Olsen, do you want to treat your wound?" 
"It's just a scratch; I'll be fine." 
Keira's calm response left Ellie momentarily speechless. Just as she was about to say something else, Keira had already pulled out her phone from her back pocket. 
She opened the camera and began taking pictures of their sports car. 
Her demeanor was so composed that Ellie felt like she was interrupting. 
Ellie sighed, took a sponge, dampened it with antiseptic, and intended to treat Keira's wound herself. But just as she got closer, Keira suddenly crouched down, slipping under the car to check the brake system. 
Ellie was left standing there, unsure of what to do with the cotton swab in her hand. 
Time passed, and finally, Keira and Lewis emerged from their respective spots—one from the car and the other from underneath it. 
Lewis's hands were covered in black paint, and Keira was just as dirty. 
Ellie felt like she finally had a chance to speak to them. "Ms. Olsen..." 
"How did it go?" "What's the update?" 
Keira and Lewis spoke at the same time, cutting Ellie off. 
After they both spoke, Keira looked at Lewis, asking, "What caused the brake system failure in the car?" 
Lewis glanced at her, smirking. "Weren't you just checking the brake pads? I'm sure you already have an idea." 
"Exactly." 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a knowing glance, and both said the same thing.
###Chapter 752
752  Chapter 751 
"It's intentional!" 
"It's intentional!" 
The two said in unison, and Lewis looked at Keira. 
Keira replied coolly, "The brake pads on the wheels were tampered with." 
Lewis added, "It seems the culprit was worried the brakes wouldn't fail, so they also messed with the brake system." 
They both nodded in agreement. "This accident was definitely no accident." 
Keira furrowed her brow. "But if this was deliberate, is someone trying to harm the Cobb family? Did the South family foresee this, or are they just manipulating their own prophecy?" 
Lewis replied, "It's unclear at this point. The Cobb family will have to investigate this themselves." 
Keira sighed. "Regardless, today confirmed something." 
Lewis nodded. "Yes, the South family's prophecies hold some weight, whether by design or something supernatural. Whatever they say tends to happen." 
Keira said, "I'm hungry." 
"You also need to get that injury treated. Let's go." 
As Keira and Lewis chatted, they got into the car Lewis had driven over, and he immediately pulled away. 
Following behind, Ellie was confused. "Wait..." 
She and her brother hadn't even had a chance to thank them before they just left. 
She turned to Ryan, who was also staring in the direction of the departing car, looking a bit dazed. 
"Ryan, what should we do now?" 
Ryan frowned. "Didn't you hear? Someone is targeting us! We need to investigate and get to the bottom of this!" 
"Oh, right." 
Ellie handed a cotton swab to Ryan. 
"I don't need treatment for this minor scrape." 
"I didn't mean that. I wanted you to help me with mine." 
"…" 
The rescue team arrived soon after to tow the car away. Ryan and Ellie were taken to the hospital for checks and were cleared with just superficial injuries. 
That evening, they returned home, where Gavin and Selena were anxiously waiting for them. Upon seeing Gavin, Ryan hesitated to speak. 
But Gavin said, "Ryan, I understand your point. Ms. Olsen saved you, so we shouldn't hold onto our grievances. Let's proceed with the collaboration!" 
Ryan paused at his words and glanced at Selena, whose face was dark as if she wanted to say something but hesitated, her expression awkward. 
Ryan lowered his gaze. "Ms. Olsen didn't save me for this collaboration." 
If that were the case, she would have made her intentions clear right after saving them. 
If that were the case, she would have made her intentions clear right after saving them. 
But they had left without saying a word… 
That clearly indicated that Keira wasn't the type to hold a grudge or seek payback for favors. 
However, just because she didn't ask for anything in return didn't mean he could ignore the debt of two lives. 
With that thought, Ryan spoke up. "Let's table this discussion for now. We need to investigate exactly what caused that accident!" 
Ellie immediately agreed. "Yes, I want to know who's targeting us!" 
Keira and Lewis had already returned to the Horton household. 
Erin was munching on beef jerky while watching Lewis bandage Keira's injury, and she couldn't help but roll her eyes. "What's with the heroics?" 
Keira stayed silent. 
Erin leaned in closer. "I know you were looking into that accident, but I can tell you, the South family's prophecies are real; they've never failed. Today proved it. You need to believe in the supernatural!" 
"I don't believe it." 
Keira replied, "Everything can be orchestrated. The South family has accurately predicted over a hundred events over the years; they can engineer those outcomes. That doesn't prove their prophetic abilities are genuine." 
Erin tossed aside her snack and picked up another. "Well, just wait and see. There's still plenty of time before the South family opens the door for us to return home!" 
Keira didn't respond. 
But Lewis interjected, "Don't put yourself in danger again." 
"I know. I didn't take any risks; I knew everything would be fine." 
Keira had lost count of how many times she had reassured Lewis on this drive. 
Lewis still insisted, "You can't do that next time either. Promise me." 
"Fine, fine, fine." 
Keira dismissed him with an eye roll, feeling for a moment that Lewis sounded like a nagging parent. 
Perhaps sensing her impatience, Lewis suddenly grasped both her hands and picked her up, carrying her upstairs. 
"Hey, what are you doing?" Keira protested. 
"You didn't take care of yourself today, so now you're getting punished." 
"What kind of punishment?" 
"No going to bed tonight." 
"That's punishment?" 
"Yep, we're sleeping on the couch together." 
Keira didn't realize what kind of "sleeping" he was talking about… 
The next morning, she woke up sore and stiff. She tried to move but found Lewis once again holding her down until she promised she wouldn't take risks again. Only then did he finally let her go. 
Just as she was waking up, her phone buzzed with a message from an unknown number. "Ms. Olsen, this is Ryan. When you have time, could you return my call?" 
Keira hesitated before picking up her phone and calling Ryan back. 
The call was quickly answered, and Ryan's familiar, warm, but distant voice came through. "Ms. Olsen, we've found the cause of the accident."
###Chapter 753
753  Chapter 752 
Keira and Lewis quickly arrived at the Cobb residence. 
It wasn't that they couldn't explain things over the phone; face-to-face, they felt they could pick up on more clues. 
Oh, and Erin, the little shadow, was tagging along. 
As she munched on pistachios, she looked at Lewis and asked, "Aren't you supposed to be investigating the truth behind the car accident? Why are you here today?" 
Yesterday, Lewis hadn't come because he wanted to keep his distance from Keira while he set up surveillance to see if anyone from the South family was approaching. He even deployed a drone, ready to spot a fly buzzing into the Cobb household. 
Today, it was supposed to be another coordinated effort, yet Lewis insisted on coming along. 
Lewis ignored Erin. 
She smirked, leaning closer. "You think I don't know what you're thinking? You're just worried someone's got their eyes on a certain someone!" 
Lewis shot her a sidelong glance. 
Undeterred, Erin raised her chin defiantly. 
It was strange, really. Lewis had an unpredictable nature that could be quite intimidating. On the other hand, Keira always appeared calm and stunningly beautiful, yet she exuded zero hostility. 
But Erin, for some reason, feared Keira more than Lewis. When Lewis shot her a glare, she stuck her tongue out in defiance. But when Keira turned to look at her, Erin immediately quieted down. 
This scene… 
A glimmer of depth flickered in Lewis's eyes. 
Lost in thought, he realized the car had already parked, and they stepped into the Cobb family's living room. 
Typically composed and aloof, Ryan was not lounging on the couch as he usually did. Instead, he was surprisingly standing outside, waiting. 
When he spotted Keira, a spark lit up his gaze as he opened his mouth to say something, but a tall figure brushed past Keira. "Hello, Mr. Cobb," Lewis greeted. 
Ryan turned to see Lewis. 
The man radiated an aura like a predator marking his territory, his eyes fierce and intense. 
Ryan hesitated, placing his hand out toward Keira, but then shifted it to Lewis instead. "Hello, Mr. Horton." 
Then he turned to Keira, saying, "Hello, Ms. Olsen." 
Erin waved her hand in greeting, but Ryan didn't acknowledge her and stepped aside. "Please, come in." 
Erin raised an eyebrow. Seriously? Did Ryan just forget about her? 
"Two guests?" she muttered under her breath. 
Rolling her eyes, she followed Keira into the living room. 
Ellie was already there, her eyes red and puffy, evidence that she'd been crying. 
Upon seeing the group, she quickly wiped her tears and put on a brave face. "Ms. Olsen, I can't thank you enough for yesterday. If it weren't for you, my brother and I might not be here." 
Keira shrugged. "It was nothing, really. Just a helping hand." 
Ellie blinked in surprise at Keira's nonchalance. 
Ryan gestured to the couch. "Ms. Olsen, please have a seat." 
After that, he remembered Lewis was also there, so he added, "Mr. Horton, please have a seat, too." 
Keira and Lewis settled on the couch opposite Ryan while Erin plopped herself onto the armrest next to Keira, perching half her body on it. With her big, bright eyes darting around, she seemed to put the pieces together, grinning mischievously as if she understood everything. 
Her antics were infuriating; Keira felt an urge to smack her. 
Fighting the impulse, Keira turned to Ryan. "You mentioned you found out the truth behind the accident. What exactly happened?" 
Everyone instinctively shifted their gaze to Ellie. 
They pretended not to notice her unease. 
Everyone was smart enough to recognize that Ellie's expression hinted she had some involvement in this. 
Ellie's heart sank. Maybe she shouldn't be here. 
She stood up and cleared her throat. "Uh, why don't you all continue the conversation without me?" 
Ryan responded coolly, "You should sit down." 
Ellie hesitated before slowly sitting back down, her head bowed. 
Ryan took a breath. "This situation originated with Ellie. She…" 
He paused as if weighing his words, then continued, "She had a boyfriend who bribed a housekeeper to tamper with the brakes, intending to kill her and seize her inheritance." 
Keira raised an eyebrow at this revelation. 
Lewis's face remained impassive. 
But Erin's eyes lit up. "Whoa, spill the details!" 
She plopped down on the couch and pulled out a handful of pistachios, ready to dig in. 
Keira and Lewis had grown accustomed to Erin's behavior, but the other two looked utterly bewildered. 
Ellie was speechless. 
Ryan, equally baffled, wondered what was wrong with Erin. Why did she always go off-script?
###Chapter 754
754  Chapter 753 
"Come on, just say it! We're all hanging here waiting for you." 
Erin prodded impatiently when no one spoke up. 
Ryan stayed silent. 
Erin turned her attention to Ellie instead. "Oh, for crying out loud, if he won't talk, you spill the beans! What's the deal? Did you run into some jerk? Are there any messy love triangles going on? We're all friends here, nothing to hide, right?" 
Ryan and Lewis exchanged confused glances, clearly ignored. 
Oddly enough, Erin's directness made Ellie feel a bit lighter. She realized, why was she the one feeling bad? She wasn't the one who messed up. 
She began, "I had a boyfriend... well, not really a boyfriend. More like someone I was interested in. He paid off my housekeeper to try and kill me because I've got a life insurance policy, and he's the beneficiary." 
Erin bit into a pistachio. "Wait, hold on. This guy you're just into... and you made him the beneficiary of your life insurance? Girl, you're acting like a total simp." 
Ellie blinked, taken aback. That word stung more than she expected. 
She wanted to argue, but the words didn't come. And the more she thought about it, the more she realized Erin was right. 
She looked down at her hands. 
"No, seriously, what's going on with you? You're young and gorgeous, and you come from a great family. Why are you throwing yourself at some guy like this?" 
Erin pressed on. 
Ellie's voice dropped. "Because... he saved my life once." 
"Oh, I get it. A classic trauma bond. PTSD, right? Someone saves you, and now he's your hero, and you're head over heels." 
Erin turned to Keira. "She saved your life yesterday. You're not about to fall in love with her, are you? I mean, love knows no bounds, right?" 
Keira shot her an exasperated look. "Would you stop talking nonsense?" 
"I'm not talking nonsense! I actually feel bad for Lewis over here. He's got to watch out for both you Cobb siblings. Not only the brother but the sister, too? Wow, Lewis, you've got your hands full!" 
Lewis smirked. "Seems like the person I need to worry about... is you." 
Erin grinned, cradling her face with her hands. "Oh no, no need! I'm into clean-cut boys like Charles, not girls." 
Ellie cleared her throat. "I don't like girls either." 
"Oh, well, that's a shame. If you did, maybe you'd finally give up on that jerk. But alright, let's get back to the story." 
Erin turned back to Ellie. "So you've been simping for this guy, and he turned around and paid your housekeeper to kill you for insurance money?" 
Ellie nodded. 
Keira quickly asked, "Did your car break down yesterday?" 
Erin nodded. "Yeah, it's the one I drive every day." 
Keira kept pressing, "What time did you leave the house?" 
Ellie paused. "I was supposed to leave around 9:30, but someone told me the gate was blocked. I ended up leaving a little later, around 9:55, to check what was going on." 
"Who told you the gate was blocked?" 
"The butler." 
Keira looked over at Ryan. 
Ryan caught her meaning and quickly said, "The butler's clean." 
Keira's expression darkened. 
If this accident was planned, it had to happen right at 10:00. If Ellie had gone downstairs even a minute earlier or later, Ryan wouldn't have gotten into that car, and the crash wouldn't have happened. 
The timing was too perfect to be a coincidence. 
Keira asked, "When you went downstairs, did someone prompt you?" 
"No," Ellie said quietly. "I was supposed to meet a friend. I was running late, and they called, so I got impatient and went downstairs." 
"Which friend?" 
Ellie hesitated, then answered, "Darien Britt." 
Keira stood up immediately. "Where is he now?" 
Ellie's expression hardened, her fists clenched. "I haven't seen him yet." 
"I need to talk to him," Keira said. "Either he's being controlled, or there's something seriously wrong. Why did he call exactly at 9:55? And why was your car tampered with? If you ask me, Ryan's crash at 10:00? That's on him."
Ellie's face tightened with a mix of anger and despair. 
Keira looked at Ryan, who added, "I wanted to call the cops yesterday and deal with him, but Ellie... she couldn't let go." 
Erin stared at Ellie in disbelief. "Are you serious? You're still hung up on this guy? What do you even see in him? That he doesn't love you? Wake up!" 
Ellie bit her lip, hating how much Erin's words stung. But the truth of it hit hard. 
Taking a deep breath, Ellie said, "Alright. I'll take you to him. Let's find out why he did this to me."
###Chapter 755
755  Chapter 754 
The group headed straight for the bar, a whole crowd of them. Yes, in the middle of the morning, they went to a bar. 
That man Ellie had been chasing was there, sitting in a corner booth with a girl in his arms when Keira walked in. She and Erin exchanged a glance before looking at Ellie. 
They both figured that after seeing this, Ellie would finally be able to let go of this loser, right? 
The guy was already playing around with other women... openly. 
But Ellie, surprisingly unfazed, said flatly, "The girl he's holding is his girlfriend, Mollie." 
Keira blinked. Erin just gawked. "Wait, what? He has a girlfriend, and you're still chasing after him?" 
Ellie looked down. "He told me he has feelings for me, too. Just because he has a girlfriend doesn't mean he's married. He said he can't leave her right now because he feels responsible. But he promised me… he said he's going to marry me eventually." 
Keira's jaw dropped. "Are you serious right now?" 
Erin was stunned. "So, you're the other woman? The famous Ellie Cobb is okay with being the side chick?" 
Ellie quickly responded, "I'm not— It's not like that…" 
But she couldn't even finish her sentence. 
She knew, deep down, how wrong all of this was. 
Still, every time she thought she should walk away from Darien, he'd come back, venting about how hard things were for him. 
He'd go on about how much Mollie had sacrificed for him, how much she had given up for him. He'd claim he didn't love her anymore, that what he felt for her was just a sense of duty, but he couldn't abandon her. He'd apologize, say he felt bad for dragging Ellie into this mess, and assure her that he didn't want her to be seen as a homewrecker. 
And every single time, Ellie would feel a surge of sympathy and tell him not to worry, that she understood, that she'd wait. 
Meanwhile, Ellie was the one giving him money, cars, and even a place to live. 
Listening to this, Erin couldn't take it anymore. She rolled her eyes dramatically. "Ellie, he's manipulating you! You don't see it? This is classic gaslighting." 
Ellie shook her head. "No, Darien's not like that. He wouldn't do that to me." 
Erin was at a loss for words. She stared at Ellie, then started marching straight toward Darien. 
Just as they got close, Ellie held them back. "Let me talk to him first. There has to be a reason behind all this… He wouldn't hurt me without a reason." 
The others stood there, speechless. 
Keira sighed and glanced over at Ryan, who shrugged but nodded. "Fine, go ahead." 
Ellie approached Darien, who was casually drinking with Mollie in his arms. When he saw Ellie, he seemed surprised. "What are you doing here?" 
Mollie narrowed her eyes, standing up, and she looked Ellie up and down with disdain. "What do you want now? Haven't I told you to stop bothering Darien? What part of that don't you get? Get a grip!" 
Ellie bit her lip, her gaze shifting from Mollie to Darien. "Did you mess with my car yesterday?" 
Darien's face twisted in confusion. "What the hell are you talking about?" 
Ellie let out a bitter laugh. "I know, Darien. I found out everything. Stop pretending. Why are you doing this to me?" 
Before Darien could respond, Mollie crossed her arms and sneered, "Oh please, Ellie. It wasn't Darien. It was me! I had your car messed with. I wanted to teach you a lesson." 
Ellie froze. "What?" 
Mollie smirked. "That's right. I wanted to remind you to stay in your lane. Darien's a wealthy, powerful guy. You? You're nothing. You'll never be more than a nuisance. Get it through your thick skull—Darien's mine." 
Ellie was too stunned to speak. "I'm nothing?" 
Mollie continued, "Exactly. You're the maid's daughter, aren't you? Darien's family has been funding your education all this time. Now that you've graduated and can't find a job, you think you can just latch onto him. Dream on. I'm his girlfriend. Stop trying to take what's mine." 
Keira and Erin exchanged shocked glances, then turned to Ryan, completely bewildered. 
Ellie's voice trembled as she asked the question everyone had on their mind. "Who told you I'm the maid's daughter? Was it Darien?" 
At this, Darien's expression immediately shifted to one of panic.
###Chapter 756
756  Chapter 755 
Keira instantly pieced things together. 
From the story Ellie had shared and the bits of conversation they overheard, it became obvious—Darien had been putting on this whole "rich playboy" act all along. But the truth was, all of Darien's money came from Ellie. 
And that so-called commoner girlfriend of his? She had no clue about any of it and actually believed Darien had made it big on his own. 
Why was Ellie always around Darien? Well, Darien had told his girlfriend that Ellie was just the daughter of one of his family's servants. 
Keira let out a sarcastic laugh, realizing just how brazen this man was. She had never seen anyone with skin this thick in her life. 
The rest of the group, each sharp in their own way, caught on as well when Keira scoffed, finally grasping what was going on. 
Erin's eyes went wide in disbelief. 
Ryan furrowed his brows and looked at Ellie, stunned at how thoroughly his sister had been taken advantage of. 
His lips tightened as he stayed quiet. 
Ellie, still in shock, turned to Darien and asked, "Did you really tell her that? I mean, I thought—" 
Before she could finish, Darien shot up and cut her off, "Why are you here, Ellie? Whatever it is, let's talk outside." 
He casually patted Mollie on the shoulder to calm her down before walking over to Ellie, his eyes darting to the people behind her. 
He could tell right away that they all came from money. Just like Ellie, they were probably clueless, privileged, rich kids who spent their time goofing off. Without missing a beat, Darien grabbed Ellie's arm and pulled her to the side, lowering his voice. "Why did you come here? And what were you about to say?" 
Tears welled up in Ellie's eyes. "Why did you tell your girlfriend I'm the daughter of one of your servants?" 
Darien sighed. "I didn't want her to find out about us. If she knew, she'd call you a homewrecker. Ellie, I'm sorry. I know it's not fair to you, but I didn't want people bad-mouthing you." 
Ellie dropped her gaze to the floor, her mind racing. 
On the way over, Erin hadn't stopped talking in the car, saying things like, "Darien's manipulating you, Ellie. He's playing mind games." 
Was this one of those moments? Was this what everyone was trying to warn her about? 
Somehow, no matter what Darien did, he always had a way of twisting things to make it impossible for her to blame him. 
After all, Mollie was his girlfriend and Ellie… well, she was just there. 
Her fists clenched at her sides. "Fine, I won't ask about that anymore. I just want to know—was the accident your idea?" 
Darien raised an eyebrow. "What? Where's this coming from? The accident? Why would I set that up? Mollie already told you she was behind it. Did something happen to you? Ellie, I'm sorry if Mollie's actions hurt you. She's from a small town; she doesn't always think things through. Please, forgive her." 
Ellie stared at him, stunned. Her lips quivered as she quietly said, "Do you even know what she did?" 
"What could she have done? Bribe your maid to slip something into your food. What else?" 
Darien acted like it was no big deal. 
Ellie whispered, "She tampered with my brakes. I almost died in a car accident!" 
That got Darien's attention. His expression turned to shock as he grabbed her arm tighter. "Are you serious? You're okay, right? Ellie, you didn't get hurt, did you?" 
Seeing his concern for her, Ellie felt a surge of emotion, and her eyes reddened. "I'm fine, someone saved me, but Mollie—" 
Darien sighed in relief. "Thank God you're okay. If something had happened to you, I'd never forgive her." 
Ellie's heart softened. "I knew you didn't plan this… I knew you wouldn't let something like that happen to me." 
"Of course not. I love you, Ellie. You have to know that. Remember when you were in that accident years ago? I risked everything to save you." 
His voice was smooth and hypnotic, and Ellie couldn't help but believe him. 
Her head dropped, and tears filled her eyes. "I knew you'd never hurt me, Darien." 
Thank goodness it wasn't him. 
Thank goodness it wasn't his doing. 
Darien's eyes glinted with satisfaction. It was always so easy to manipulate girls like Ellie. These rich, sheltered girls had no clue how the real world worked. All it took were a few sweet words, and they'd believe anything. 
Honestly, how had she survived the crash? If she had died, the insurance payout would have set him for life. 
Then he wouldn't have to pretend to be a trust-fund kid anymore. He'd actually be one. 
No more maxing out Ellie's credit cards, pretending to be wealthy while secretly relying on her. 
Darien lowered his eyes, then casually asked, "Ellie, do you have any money on you? Mollie's been acting out lately, and I think a designer bag might calm her down." 
Ellie shook her head. "My brother took all my money to invest for me. I only have my credit cards left. You can use those, though." 
Darien's face darkened. Every time he had to use her credit cards, it felt like a leash around his neck, constantly reminding him he wasn't really in control. 
It made him feel like Ellie didn't truly love him, that she was just pretending. 
His mood soured. "Fine. Is there anything else? If not, I should get back to Mollie. She keeps staring over here." 
Ellie lowered her head. As the other woman, she always felt guilt gnawing at her. "Okay… go back to her." 
Darien turned on his heel and made his way back to Mollie. 
Once he was gone, Keira and the others finally approached Ellie. 
Keira brushed past Darien as he walked by, their shoulders almost touching. 
Ellie turned to Ryan. "Did you hear him? That wasn't Darien's fault. He didn't set that up." 
Erin rolled her eyes. "Are you kidding me, Ellie? You seriously fell for that?" 
Ellie dropped her head in silence. 
Erin continued, frustrated. "You're seriously okay with being his side chick?" 
Ellie's hands balled into fists. 
Ryan cut in, "She didn't choose to be the other woman."
Everyone looked at him. 
Ryan explained, "When Ellie first got involved with Darien, he lied and said he didn't have a girlfriend. It wasn't until later that she found out about Mollie. By that point, she already trusted him, so she never doubted him." 
The air grew tense as everyone absorbed his words. 
Erin's frustration boiled over. "Ellie, he's a complete jerk!"
###Chapter 757
757  Chapter 756 
Ellie looked at Erin and said, "Darien has his reasons. He and his girlfriend don't love each other; their families arranged their engagement…" 
Keira raised an eyebrow, taking in the scene. She saw Darien laughing and joking with Mollie, who was sweet and coy in front of him, looking nothing like. 
What Ellie described. 
Keira couldn't help but lower her gaze. 
What arranged engagement? In her eyes, Mollie and Darien didn't seem close at all. If they were, why wouldn't she know that he wasn't a rich heir? 
Mollie had a calculating glint in her eyes; she clearly came from a gold-digger background. 
From their conversation, Keira pieced things together. 
After Darien saved Ellie, she fell for him. 
As a result, Darien got involved with a wealthy family, but while he was with Ellie, he got caught up with Mollie. 
So, he deceived Ellie, claiming Mollie was a childhood friend he couldn't betray. 
He set up a responsible persona for himself. 
From then on, he could openly hang out with Mollie. 
Darien understood Ellie's personality as a pampered rich girl. Because of her privileged upbringing, she had her boundaries. When she found out she was the other woman, he felt guilty and didn't assert his claim in front of her anymore. 
With Darien's brainwashing and tempting words, Ellie found it hard to let go of him, which meant she continued to financially support the two of them. 
The silly girl didn't notice a thing. 
She even thought she was atoning for something! 
How deep was Darien's brainwashing? 
Did she really not see all of this? 
Keira felt utterly speechless. 
Lewis remained silent, not wanting to add to the chaos. 
He glanced at Ryan … Maybe he was aware of the situation, but Ellie had likely made a scene at home, leaving Ryan with little recourse. 
Then he remembered Ellie saying her savings were all being managed by her brother. So, Ryan had probably noticed the issue early on and cut off Darien's financial support. 
Now, that was a sensitive topic for Darien. 
Without money, it wouldn't be long before he set his sights on that insurance payout, would it? 
Erin was dumbfounded. "Wow, is this even possible? Should I say Darien's scheme is too sophisticated or that you, as a rich girl, are too easy to fool?" 
Ellie quickly protested, "Don't say that! Darien's not that kind of person…" 
Erin shot back, "What kind of person is he then?" 
"He's responsible and dependable. He'll be accountable to his fiancée, which shows he has his own charm…" 
Erin exclaimed, "Sure, he's responsible to someone else, but what about you?" 
Ellie faltered, "I shouldn't have intruded on their relationship…" 
Erin couldn't hold back her frustration. "Seriously? You can't see through this scumbag's facade?" 
"Stop saying that about him…" 
Erin pressed, "He nearly killed you, and you still won't let it go?" 
Ellie shook her head vehemently, looking completely convinced. "Darien said it wasn't him." 
Before they arrived, everyone had already warned Ellie that Darien was trouble, but the moment she saw him, she seemed enchanted. 
What kind of spell had Darien cast on this girl? 
Erin was at a loss for words and turned to Ryan. "You're the older brother. Aren't you going to do something about this?" 
Ryan sighed. "I tried to force them to break up once, and Ellie almost took her own life." 
"…" 
Given Ryan's withdrawn demeanor, it seemed he wasn't the type to communicate effectively with his sister, so he likely had no control over Ellie's actions. 
Erin couldn't help but twitch her lips. 
Just as she was about to say something, Keira spoke up. "He really is a scumbag. I hope you open your eyes and see him for who he is." 
Ellie shook her head urgently. "Don't say that! I believe in Darien…" 
As soon as she finished speaking, Keira handed her a Bluetooth earpiece. 
Ellie looked puzzled. "What's this?" 
Keira replied casually, "Oh, just a listening device." 
Earlier, when she passed by Darien, she had discreetly attached the device to him. She had intended to listen in and see if anyone was plotting against Ellie, figuring it might involve the South family. 
But now it seemed it would come in handy. 
Ellie frowned. "Why would you want to eavesdrop on Darien? If he finds out, he'll be really upset!" 
Previously, when Ellie had gone through Darien's phone and he discovered it, he had gotten very angry, insisting on respecting each other's privacy. 
Seeing how brainwashed Ellie had become, Keira knew that if she didn't let her hear for herself, she wouldn't believe it. So, without hesitation, she popped the earpiece into Ellie's ear. 
"Just listen to what he and Mollie are saying, then decide for yourself!"
###Chapter 758
758  Chapter 757 
Ellie hesitated, wanting to remove the earbud. "Eavesdropping on Darien's private conversation is only going to make him mad…" 
But before she could pull it out, Keira pressed it firmly into her ear. 
As Ellie tried to resist, she suddenly heard Darien and Mollie talking. 
Mollie scoffed, "What's she doing here again? She really has no shame!" 
Darien replied, "What else? She's here to see me… Ugh, once people like her start being a doormat, they just keep being one. It's like they're addicted to it." 
Mollie laughed. "You've got quite the charm, Darien. But if I were you, I'd fire the maid's daughter for acting like that. Why haven't you kicked her to the curb?" 
Darien responded, "Her mom's worked for my family for ages…" 
Mollie pressed on, "But come on, you can't keep letting her slide! Letting her drive your car is one thing, but using your card? That's just too much." 
Listening through her own earbud, Keira exchanged a glance with Ellie. Ellie held a tight expression, trying to justify, "Darien is just a little vain, but he's a good guy. He told Mollie he's made something of himself and wants to return to his roots…" 
Keira rolled her eyes, urging Ellie to keep listening. 
Ellie fell silent. 
Then she heard Mollie ask, "Do you remember what tomorrow is?" 
Darien immediately replied, "Of course I do." 
Keira looked at Ellie. "What's tomorrow?" 
Ellie quickly answered, "It's Mollie's birthday." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Ellie dropped her gaze, feeling the weight of the truth. The only reason she remembered was that every year on this day, Darien would celebrate Mollie's birthday, and she was never allowed to be there. The venue was always set up by Mollie, and the money was something Ellie had put in long before. 
On this day every year, Ellie had to stay away, all to make way for the birthday girl. 
Keira heard Mollie's tone and frowned, sensing something was off. 
Just then, Darien added with a smile, "Of course, it's our three-year anniversary." 
Upon hearing this, Keira turned sharply to Ellie, who looked utterly shocked. 
Keira pressed, "How long have you known Darien?" 
Ellie bit her lip. "Three and a half years." 
Keira's brow furrowed. "So, Mollie is Darien's childhood girlfriend? The one who supported him through school? Ellie, can't you see?" 
Ellie trembled, her mind racing. 
Keira continued softly, "After Darien saved you, he figured out you were from money and started dating you, but during that time, he was cheating on you! You were never the other woman; Mollie is the real other woman! Or, maybe she doesn't even know the truth—she probably thinks you're just the daughter of a maid in his house…" 
Ellie's heart sank. She looked down, her fingers tightening into fists as she shook her head. "I don't believe it…" 
She couldn't accept that this could be the truth. 
Keira sighed, knowing the truth would be evident soon enough. The earbud crackled again, and Mollie's voice came through, "So, how are we celebrating tomorrow? Did you get me a gift? And please tell me that clueless Ellie won't be there. I don't want her ruining our anniversary." 
Darien chuckled. "Don't worry, I won't let her come. I can't stand her! If it weren't for her mom working for my family for so long, I would've booted her out a long time ago!" 
At that, Ellie felt her body go cold. Her face turned pale as she stared at Darien from across the room. 
This couldn't be true. 
Darien had told her a different story! 
How could it be like this? 
Keira squeezed Ellie's wrist, urgently saying, "So, do you finally see who this guy really is? He doesn't care about you; he's just using you for your money!" 
Ellie shook her head in denial. "No, that's impossible! Darien saved my life! He couldn't possibly be like that!" 
As those words left her lips, she heard Mollie's voice again. "I really don't get it. If you want to get rid of such a small fry, why not just fire her or get rid of her yourself? Why go through a middleman? Look, she's still standing there." 
Ellie's body shook as she processed Mollie's words, disbelief flooding her senses. 
Then Darien's voice came through, "Don't worry, if this doesn't work, we'll deal with her next time. I could fire her, but she'll just keep coming back. Might as well just get rid of her for good!"
###Chapter 759
759  Chapter 758
Ellie trembled slightly.
It felt like her world was collapsing.
When she first heard it was Darien who had bribed her maid, she didn't believe it. She thought Darien would never harm her, so when Mollie stepped forward and confirmed it, she had no choice but to believe.
But she never expected...
She never expected herself to be the fool—the completely hopeless fool!
Darien was actually behind everything!
Ellie took a deep breath, the shock and disbelief flooding her mind with no outlet. She wanted to scream, to run, to escape it all...
But a hand gripped her wrist tightly, stopping her from pulling off the headphones as if forcing her to face the cold, harsh truth.
Ellie squeezed her eyes shut, covering her ears as she sank to the ground, muttering, "It can't be... He saved my life, so why would he do this? It's not true…"
Maybe her murmurs triggered the audio because Mollie's voice came through again. "Darien, why is she still clinging to you? You've treated her like trash, and she still doesn't give up. What a pathetic loser. Ugh, I can't stand it!"
Then Darien's voice followed, cool and dismissive. "It's simple. There was an accident a while back, and a firefighter saved her. I was just nearby, but she mistook me for him. Ever since then, she's been obsessed with me. Thanks to that incident, I can do whatever I want to her, and she still won't leave."
As his smug laughter echoed through the headphones, it was like a knife plunging deep into Ellie's heart.
Her hand pressed hard against her chest as she lifted her head in disbelief. "It wasn't him? It really wasn't him?!"
Her eyes cleared in an instant like she'd been slapped awake. She shot up to her feet, her gaze burning with anger and disbelief as it fixed on Darien.
"How could it not be him?
"How could this be happening!!"
Ellie was stunned, but it was as if she'd finally come to a painful realization.
Shaking, she glanced at Keira and then at Ryan.
Ryan hadn't heard the conversation through the headphones. He stepped forward, concern on his face, and held her arm, "Ellie, what's wrong?"
"It wasn't him, Ryan. It wasn't him…"
Ellie's expression flickered between a bitter smile and tears.
She looked devastated yet couldn't fully process the truth.
Keira knew Ellie had been in love with Darien for over three years, and this revelation was going to be hard for her to accept.
Just as Keira was about to say something, Ellie let out a low chuckle, her whole body relaxing as if a weight had been lifted. "How could I have been in love with this scumbag for three and a half years?"
Pointing at her heart, Ellie looked at Ryan and said slowly, "Ryan, I think I finally understand."
"Understand what?"
Ellie shook her head. "I don't know why, but I used to be infatuated with him, obsessed. But now, knowing he wasn't the one who saved me, that obsession… it's just gone."
She pointed at her chest. "Now, all I feel here is hatred."
With that, she shot Darien a furious look.
Ellie, the proud daughter of the Cobb family, had been deceived by this jerk for three and a half years.
There was no way she was going to let him get away with that!
Suddenly, Ellie yanked off the Bluetooth headphones and handed them to Keira. She strode over to Darien with purpose.
Darien and Mollie were whispering to each other, most of their conversation filled with insults about Ellie's stupidity.
As they were chatting, the light around them dimmed unexpectedly.
Darien turned his head and saw Ellie standing right next to him, her expression cold as she stared him down.
He blinked in surprise before frowning, "Why are you back?"
Ellie didn't answer.
Darien glanced over at Keira and Ryan before addressing her, "Are these your friends? So, you guys came to the bar together?"
At that, a few of his friends, sitting nearby chatting with Mollie, chimed in.
"Ellie Cobb, are you seriously still at this? You're so obsessed with Darien. it's making the rest of us miserable!"
"Yeah, how shameless can you be? Don't you know Mollie is Darien's girlfriend? You're disgusting!"
They were Mollie's friends, and Darien loved to boast in front of them.
Now, hearing this, he frowned at Ellie and added, "Didn't I tell you to leave? If you want to hang out with your friends, go to the other side!"
Ellie glared at him. "Why should I?"
"Because," Mollie sneered, "you're just a servant in Darien's family! Everything you spend comes from Darien's pocket, and yet you still have the nerve to stick around? Ellie Cobb, you're beyond shameless!"
Rolling her eyes, Mollie stood up and got in Ellie's face. "Now, leave. immediately."
Ellie chuckled coldly at her and turned back to Darien. "This rich-boy act of yours—isn't it getting old?"
###Chapter 760
760  Chapter 759 
At the mention of this, a flicker of panic flashed across Darien's face. 
Next to him, Mollie shot him a hesitant look. 
Her friends, however, began exchanging glances between Darien and Ellie. 
One of them asked, "Mollie, what's going on here? Is your boyfriend faking this rich kid act?" 
Mollie immediately turned to Darien, her tone sharp. "That's impossible! Darien, are you going to let the servant's daughter talk to you like that? She's totally out of line!" 
Darien shot up from his seat, storming over to Ellie. He grabbed her arm roughly. "Ellie Cobb, have you had enough?" 
Ellie jerked her arm free. 
Keira and Erin took a step forward, ready to help, but Ryan stopped them. 
Ryan simply said, "The Cobb family doesn't need anyone to fight their battles." 
Keira rolled her eyes. "Fine, if that's how the Cobbs handle things. But we're still going to have a nice little chat with Darien later." 
So, the group stood by, watching the scene unfold. 
Darien, seeing Ellie pull away, scoffed. "Stay if you want, just don't get in my way." 
With that, he turned to Mollie. 
Mollie, always quick on her feet, flashed a sly smile. "Darien, it's busy in here today, huh? Since this is your family's bar, I noticed the staff is kind of short-handed. Why don't we put her to work? It'd be convenient for all of us if she grabbed the drinks." 
Ellie shot Darien a cold look. "Your family's bar?" 
Darien's expression tightened for a second, but he grabbed her arm again, lowering his voice to hiss, "Stop wasting time. Just get the drinks already. Why do you have to make such a fuss?" 
Meanwhile, Erin turned to Ryan, her eyes wide with disbelief. "Isn't this bar owned by your family?" 
Ryan shrugged. "The Cobbs don't run businesses. It's technically under the Gill family name." 
The Cobb family held a special status and avoided most business dealings, with the Gill family acting as their representatives. 
So, while the bar wasn't officially run by the Cobbs, everyone knew who the real boss was. Whenever Ellie came here, no one dared charge her for anything. Most things went on a tab, settled at the end of each month. 
Darien, of course, loved bringing people here since he didn't have to pay upfront. 
Keira and Erin exchanged looks, both thinking how shameless Darien really was. Using someone else's bar and trying to kick out the owner? The nerve! 
Their eyes turned back to Ellie, waiting to see how she'd deal with Darien or how she planned to strike back. 
But to their surprise, Ellie gave Darien a long look before letting out a soft laugh. There was bitterness, disappointment, and then… a touch of relief, like she'd just realized something important. 
Erin smirked. "The heiress is about to explode, isn't she?" 
Just as she said that, Ellie calmly asked, "What do you all want to drink?" 
Erin blinked in confusion. "Wait, what? Is she seriously going to play the servant here?" 
Ryan stayed silent. 
Before Erin could say anything else, Keira grinned and said, "Hold on. Let's wait and see what happens next." 
Erin bit her tongue and watched. 
Ellie's question hung in the air, and Darien, ever smug, let out a laugh. 
This girl really was pathetic, wasn't she? 
Two sentences from him, and she was already back in line… 
Darien waved a hand dismissively. "Just bring us whatever." 
Ellie raised an eyebrow. "There are two bottles of Romanée-Conti in the bar. Want those?" 
Darien's eyebrows shot up. 
The Romanée-Conti in this bar was exceptionally rare and expensive. Not just anyone could drink it. Even Ellie herself had to ask permission from her family to open those bottles. 
Was she seriously offering it to him? 
Darien's smirk widened. Was she trying to win him over with wine? 
"Sure, open them!" he replied. 
Ellie's voice was steady. "Each bottle costs $168,000. You sure you want them?" 
A wave of gasps spread through the room. 
Mollie stared in shock. "That much for a bottle?" 
Her friends immediately began chiming in. 
"Oh my god, Darien! We're so lucky to be with you tonight!" 
"That's like drinking pure gold! I can't wait to taste it!" 
Everyone was jumping on the bandwagon, showering Darien with compliments. 
Darien, riding the wave of praise, lifted his chin and gave Ellie an impatient look. "Why are you standing there? Go get them already!" 
Ellie gave him a small, cold smile. "Let me ask one more time. Two bottles, $336,000 total. You sure?"
###Chapter 761
Chapter 761
Darien's smirk deepened as he glanced at Ellie. "$336,000... sure you can handle that?" 
Even among trust-fund kids, it was rare for anyone to throw around that kind of money so casually. Both Ryan and Ellie had never been the type to flaunt wealth; their family always believed in keeping a low profile. Unlike most of the business elites, they didn't enjoy showing off in public, which was why Darien had no clue about Ellie's real background. In his eyes, Ellie was just another rich girl—decent money, but nothing extraordinary. Sure, she had a nice car, but even that wasn't particularly impressive by his standards. 
What irked him most was her frugal tab—always keeping it under two hundred grand while the real players around here dropped millions like it was nothing. He scoffed at the thought. 
Mollie chimed in, her voice dripping with disdain. "Of course we're sure! What's with all the questions? Maybe that's a fortune to you but to Darien? That's just pocket change." 
"Yeah, seriously! Why's she acting so high and mighty, anyway?" 
"Get moving already, would you? Darien's made his call, and you're just standing there like a fool!" 
Ellie's eyes stayed locked on Darien, unwavering. 
He waved her off. "Go ahead." 
Ellie gave a slow nod. "Alright then, just remember—you asked for it." 
She turned and strode confidently toward the bar, her steps firm, though there was a haunting sense of finality in the air. It was like watching someone walking into the storm. Reaching the bar, she leaned over and spoke to the manager. "Open up those two bottles from the reserve for them." 
The manager blinked in surprise. "Miss Cobb, are you sure? Your credit limit is set at two hundred thousand…" 
The wine was exquisite, but there weren't only two bottles in stock. It was just that Ellie's personal tab couldn't exceed the limit. 
Still, the manager was flustered. 
Ellie let out a dry laugh. "Who said it's going on my tab?" 
The manager hesitated. "I'm sorry?" 
Ellie nodded toward Darien. "Whoever orders, pays. Simple as that." 
The manager's gaze followed hers, and realization quickly dawned. His face lit up with excitement. "Of course, Miss Cobb, I understand." 
He was thrilled. Ellie might outrank the Gill family in status, but every time she brought Darien here, the guy acted like a big shot, only to stick Ellie with the bill in the end. It had rubbed him the wrong way for ages. 
What a fool. Leeching off the boss's daughter, and instead of appreciating it, he'd treat her like a servant. Well, today, it looked like he was in for a surprise. 
Snapping out of his thoughts, the manager hurried to fetch the bottles, personally escorting them back to the group with Ellie in tow. 
"Mr. Britt, your wine's ready. Would you like me to pour it now?" 
Darien nodded smugly. "Yeah, go ahead." 
The manager moved forward to pour the wine, but Darien raised his hand to stop him. 
"Wait. No, let her do it," he said, pointing at Ellie. 
The room fell deathly silent. 
Ellie stared at Darien, incredulous. Was this a joke? 
A small fire kindled inside her, burning brighter with every second she looked at his smug face. How had she ever fallen for this guy? 
She snorted. "Darien, don't push it." 
Mollie immediately butted in, her voice shrill. "What's so wrong with it? You should be honored he's even asking you! Honestly, have you ever even touched a bottle this expensive before?" 
"Yeah, exactly! You've probably never been near something so high-class. Maybe the price is scaring you—afraid you'll mess it up?" 
"Come on, Darien, why are you keeping her around? Just get rid of her already. Useless." 
A chorus of jeers and taunts followed, only further inflating Darien's ego. His expression darkened, and he looked back at Ellie, ready to assert his control. "So, are you pouring or not?" 
Ellie's hands clenched into fists at her sides. 
She laughed coldly. "No." 
Darien shot to his feet. "You really wanna do this, Ellie?" 
Mollie quickly tried to smooth things over. "Come on, Darien, let's not ruin the vibe tonight. Who cares if she doesn't pour? Just enjoy the wine." 
The manager, unsure of what to say, went ahead and poured for the group, casting a quick glance at Ellie for approval. 
Mollie clung to Darien's arm, urging him to take a sip. "Let's just enjoy this incredible wine! Wow, this is next level!" 
"It's like liquid gold, I swear." 
"Man, how much do you think one sip is worth?" 
"This isn't just wine. It's pure luxury in a glass!" 
The crowd's compliments circled around Darien, but Ellie wasn't even paying attention anymore. She turned to the manager. "They've had their drink. Go ahead and bring over the bill." 
"Right away, Miss Cobb." 
The manager turned to leave, but Ellie stopped him again. "Oh, and grab a few security guards on your way back. We've got someone trying to dine and dash, and this isn't the kind of bar that lets things slide." 
The manager's face lit up even more. "Understood!" Finally, he was going to see Darien get what was coming to him. All those times he'd pretended to be the big shot, never paying, while making Ellie foot the bill—it was about time someone put him in his place. Today, the tables were about to turn.
###Chapter 762
Chapter 762
Erin casually popped another pistachio into her mouth and spat out the shell. She glanced at Keira, puzzled. "What do you think she's trying to do? If she wants to handle Darien, why not just deal with him directly? What's the point of making him drink her family's wine?" 
Erin was genuinely baffled. "I mean, why bother? Just seems like an unnecessary step." 
Keira raised an eyebrow, thought for a moment, and then smiled. "Ellie probably spent a lot of money on Darien, right?" 
Erin nodded. "Well, she should get it back!" 
Keira's gaze shifted to Mollie. "I bet Darien's spent quite a bit on Mollie too, maybe even transferred her some money." 
"Then she should get that back, too!" Erin shot back without a second thought. 
Keira calmly explained, "But that money was transferred by Darien, not Ellie. She can't use illegal means to reclaim it." 
"That's her money! How's that illegal?" Erin huffed, clearly irritated, her mind still stuck on the looser ways of her upbringing abroad. Life in Crera was so tightly bound by rules and laws that she couldn't understand the restrictions. Back home, people with influence handled things in a much darker way. But here, even the most powerful had to walk the line carefully. 
"Cobb family's in a special position," Keira added softly. 
Erin immediately got the point and rolled her eyes. "Yeah, yeah, rules for the rich are different here. In other places, you stay far away from those at the top. But in Crera, it's the opposite—they've got to watch every step they take." 
How boring. 
Thinking this, Erin shrugged, pulling another handful of pistachios from her pocket and tossing one into her mouth. From the side, Ryan, who had been silently listening to their conversation, cast Keira a brief glance, an unmistakable look of admiration in his eyes. 
He understood his sister's plans perfectly, but for Keira to see through them so quickly? Impressive. This girl wasn't just smart—she was sharp. His thoughts flashed back to when she'd stood outside his house, blocking him from leaving, and later on, when she'd saved his life. His expression stayed neutral, though. He adjusted his glasses and absently rubbed the prayer beads on his wrist, his eyes lowering as he slipped back into his usual calm, detached demeanor. 
Keira seemed to sense something and glanced at him, but when she saw Ryan looking toward Ellie, she dismissed it and turned her attention forward again. 
Two bottles of wine, four people, and they'd nearly emptied both, leaving just a bit at the bottom of one. 
The group lavished Darien with compliments. 
"Darien, you really know how to treat people! This wine's amazing!" 
"Over a hundred grand for a bottle, and you don't even blink. Must be nice to have money, huh?" 
Mollie Francis beamed with pride. "Of course! That's just his pocket change." 
Darien laughed, "Drink up! Eat up! Normally, there's a limit when we come here, but today, I'm feeling generous—no limits!" 
"You're the best, Darien!" 
"We're really getting the VIP experience today!" 
Mollie's smile grew as she glanced over and noticed Ellie standing nearby. Grinning, she called out, "Hey, Ellie, want a drink?" 
The moment the words left her mouth, the others in the group scoffed. 
"Her? What makes her think she deserves any?" 
"Exactly. She's just the maid's daughter. Bet her stomach couldn't even handle a wine like this." 
Mollie giggled and looked toward Darien but was surprised when he narrowed his eyes and smirked. "Why shouldn't she? Of course, she's worthy of it." 
His words left everyone momentarily stunned. 
Mollie's face darkened, and she stared at Darien in disbelief. "Darien, what are you—?" 
Without another word, Darien poured the last of the two bottles into a single glass, walked right up to Ellie, and held it out. 
Ellie stared at the man standing in front of her, feeling a wave of sorrow. Was he finally acknowledging her? 
But she'd already seen him for what he was. 
Ellie chuckled bitterly. He'd done this before—random acts of kindness that made her foolishly forgive his coldness and indifference. This time, though... 
As the thought crossed her mind, Darien suddenly raised the glass over her head and, with a quick twist of his wrist, poured the wine straight down onto her. 
Red wine dripped from Ellie's hair and ran down her face. 
For a moment, she was stunned. Then, she let out a dry laugh. Of course. What had she been thinking? This man had always been arrogant, thinking she'd never stop caring for him. He was never going to humble himself to make things right. 
That glass of wine washed away the last traces of feeling she had for him. 
And at that exact moment, the manager finally arrived—carrying the bill!
###Chapter 763: 762
Chapter 763: Chapter 762
Editor: Henyee Translations
In the distance, Keira and Erin both frowned as they watched the situation unfold.
The two turned to Ryan simultaneously, only to find his expression as calm as ever. However, his gaze, fixed ahead, had become sharper, with a hint of menace in his eyes.
“Looks like this is the first time Ryan’s actually showing some emotion,” Erin whispered to Keira.
Before Keira could respond, a tall figure suddenly appeared in front of her, blocking her view of Ryan.
She paused, glancing up at Lewis. His face was as neutral as ever, and the move seemed almost unintentional. But knowing his jealous streak, Keira couldn’t help but laugh softly to herself and turned her gaze back to the scene ahead.
Unaware of what they were about to face, Darien and Mollie were still smiling. Darien looked at Ellie, patted her on the shoulder, and said casually, “You better behave from now on, got it?”
Ellie remained silent.
Mollie spoke up. “Darien, I don’t think she even listens to you. Why keep someone like that around? You should just fire her! What’s the point of keeping her in your house?”
Others began to chime in. “Yeah, Darien, just fire her!”
“Having someone like that around only brings bad vibes.”
As the group mocked her, Ellie wiped her face and let out a sarcastic smile.
For some reason, a bad feeling started creeping up on Darien as he looked at her. His brows furrowed as he glanced down at the glass in his hand.
“Did I take the joke too far this time?
“No, that can’t be. I’ve done worse before, and Ellie never complained. So why would she be mad now?
“But even if she is, who cares? She’ll come crawling back like always once I say a few nice things…”
With that thought, Darien let out a chuckle and looked at her. “Ellie, what’s with that look? I’m warning you, if you don’t straighten up, I might just stop talking to you.”
Not talking to her—that was his biggest weapon.
Ellie suddenly wondered how she could have been so pathetic all this time.
Her fists clenched as she stared at him, lost for words. She pitied her past self.
Yeah, in the past, whenever Darien ignored her, she’d chase after him like a lost puppy. She’d do anything to win him back. Anything.
Now, looking back, it was beyond pathetic.
How could she not have seen him for what he really was? He’d never even bothered to hide his disdain or indifference toward her.
But she’d been too wrapped up in some fairytale fantasy where Darien was the hero who’d come to her rescue. She just didn’t want to wake up.
Even her brother had warned her about Darien, but she’d never listened. She thought her brother was just being a snob, judging Darien for his background.
She hadn’t allowed anyone to look down on Darien. Not until today.
If Keira hadn’t given her that earpiece or forced her to listen, she would’ve never known just how awful this man truly was.
Lowering her gaze, Ellie let out a soft chuckle.
Darien, growing impatient, asked, “What’s so funny?”
Ellie reached for a few napkins from the table, wiped her face and hair, then crumpled them up and tossed them into the trash.
Raising her head, she looked Darien straight in the eye. “Darien, we’re done. I’m breaking up with you.”
Mollie snorted. “Break up? Since when were you two even together? You’ve got some nerve saying ‘break up.’ You’re nothing but a homewrecker!”
Mollie stormed forward, hand raised to slap Ellie, but Ellie quickly grabbed her wrist.
Without hesitation, Ellie slapped Mollie across the face.
Smack!
The sharp sound echoed through the room, leaving Darien and everyone else stunned.
Darien gaped. “Ellie, have you lost your mind?!”
Ellie only smiled. “I was out of my mind before, but I’m fine now.”
Darien pulled Mollie close, his anger rising. “You’d better apologize to Mollie right now! Or I swear I’ll never speak to you again!”
Ellie lowered her gaze. “And then what?”
“What do you mean, ‘and then’? After that, you’ll need to get Mollie a proper apology gift. And if it doesn’t make her happy, I won’t forgive you.”
Ellie blinked, her mind drifting. She remembered last year when Darien had said something similar, and she’d bought Mollie an Hermès bag as an apology—a bag worth nearly a hundred thousand dollars.
She laughed. “Oh, don’t worry. I’ve already prepared a gift.”
Darien smirked. “And what would that be?”
At that moment, the manager approached with a bill in hand. Ellie took it and handed it to Darien. “This.”
###Chapter 764
764  Chapter 763 
Darien was stunned as he glanced down at the bill in his hand. 
Over $300,000... 
He blinked, staring at Ellie in disbelief. "What is this supposed to mean?" 
Ellie didn't respond and instead turned her gaze to the manager. 
The manager immediately spoke up. "Mr. Britt, you've spent $357,000 tonight. Will that be credit or cash?" 
Darien blinked again, looking back at Ellie. 
Ellie smiled. "Mr. Britt…" 
She dragged out his name in a mocking tone, her voice dripping with sarcasm. 
Her cold gaze bore into him as she chuckled softly. "The manager is waiting for you to settle the bill. Why are you looking at me?" 
Darien swallowed hard, his brow furrowing. 
"Ellie, stop playing games." 
Ellie crossed her arms. "You can't pay the bill, but I'm the one playing games?" 
Meanwhile, Mollie was completely confused. 
Her two friends were even more bewildered, speaking up in unison. 
"Mollie, what's going on? Isn't this Darien's bar? I remember we used to come here, and he'd just put it on his tab. Why are they asking for payment now?" 
"Yeah, Mollie, what's happening? Ask him! The way Ellie's acting, you'd think she owned the place!" 
Mollie quickly turned to Darien. "Darien, what's going on?" 
Darien swallowed nervously. "I... I..." 
Ellie chuckled. "What? Paying the bill is just common sense, Darien. You wouldn't be thinking of skipping out on it, would you? Hey, manager, what happens to someone who dines and dashes?" 
The manager explained matter-of-factly, "We can call the police. Anyone involved would be taken in. For over three hundred thousand... well, that's likely ten years in prison." 
Ellie's eyes slid over to Mollie and her friends. "And what about them?" 
The manager grinned. "They'd be accomplices, so they'd be looking at three to five years." 
Ellie smirked. "Darien, did you hear that? If you can't pay, you and Mollie are headed to jail. Better settle up." 
Her words were like a breath of fresh air to Keira and Erin, who felt a sense of justice being restored. 
Erin, munching on pistachios, leaned over and nudged Keira with her elbow. 
"Satisfying, huh? There's nothing better than seeing a jerk get what's coming to him." 
Keira blinked. 
"...What is up with this girl?" 
Across the room, Mollie was still trying to make sense of things. She turned to Darien in disbelief. "Darien, what is going on? Ellie, you came here a few times, and now you claim this bar is yours? How shameless can you get?" 
Ellie scoffed. "It doesn't matter who owns the bar; you still have to pay." 
She turned back to Darien. "What's wrong? Can't afford it? Maybe you and your girlfriend should split the bill?" 
Mollie panicked. "What are you talking about? I... I don't have that kind of money!" 
Ellie's tone was light. "Darien's spent quite a bit on you over the years, hasn't he? It wouldn't be too much to ask for you to cover half, would it? Unless... well, you are an accomplice, and that's five years in jail for you." 
"You!" 
Mollie turned to Darien, her eyes wide. "Darien, what's happening here?" 
Darien clenched his teeth and stepped forward, grabbing Ellie's arm. He hissed, "Ellie Cobb! Knock it off! You're embarrassing me in front of all these people, and I swear, if you don't stop, I'll get really mad!" 
 Ellie looked at him calmly. "Go ahead and get mad. What does that have to do with me?" 
"You..." 
Darien took a deep breath and, seeing the eyes of the crowd on him, finally spoke through gritted teeth. "Fine. You pay now, and I'll pay you back later." 
Ellie raised an eyebrow. "Are you asking me for a favor? Hmm... well, maybe." 
She extended her hand, and the manager quickly handed her a bottle of wine. 
Ellie passed it to Darien. "How about this: however you poured me wine earlier, do it the same way for yourself now. Then I'll think about it." 
"You..." 
Darien's face darkened. 
Ellie locked eyes with him. "What's the matter? Don't like the idea? In that case, I guess I'll just let the manager call the cops." 
Darien's face went through several shades of frustration. 
Mollie and her friends were still watching. If he couldn't pay, the truth about his situation would come out! 
"Ellie... she's doing this on purpose." 
Darien took a deep breath. "...Fine." 
He grabbed the bottle, lifted it over his head, and poured the wine down onto himself. 
The liquid soaked through his hair, ran down his face, and dripped into his white shirt, staining it red. 
Darien glared at Ellie. "There, happy now?" 
"That'll do." 
Ellie's voice was casual. 
Darien clenched his fists. "Now pay the bill!" 
"Pay for what?" Ellie's tone was light again. "I said I'd think about it. I just did, and I've decided... I'm not covering you." 
Darien finally realized he'd been played. His face twisted with fury as he shouted, "You—!" 
Before he could react, the manager grabbed his wrist. 
Ellie smiled coolly. "Time to pay up, Darien."
###Chapter 765
765  Chapter 764 
Darien was stunned. 
He looked at Ellie in disbelief, unable to process the fact that she wasn't going to help him. His voice rose, "Ellie, what game are you playing?" 
Ellie's cold gaze never wavered. She said nothing. 
Beside them, Mollie looked confused, glancing between Ellie and Darien. She asked cautiously, "Darien, what's going on?" 
Before he could answer, Ellie laughed. "What's going on? Still don't get it? Your 'rich boy' here is nothing but a fraud! He saved my life once, so I gave him money, but you really thought he was some kind of heir? Let me tell you…" 
She stepped closer to Mollie. "He's unemployed, has no income, and his parents? They're farmers who used every penny they had to put him through college." 
Mollie was dumbfounded. "No way… that can't be true!" 
Seeing her disbelief, Ellie scoffed. 
Darien couldn't hold it in any longer. "Ellie, that's enough! If you keep this up, I'll never forgive you!" 
Ellie's voice was icy. "Forgive me for what? What have I done wrong? I'm just done giving you money, Darien." 
"How could you do this to me?!" 
Ellie stared him down. "When you bribed my maid and tampered with my car, did you stop to think why I'd turn my back on you?" 
Darien was shocked. "You knew? No, it wasn't me, it was Mollie—" 
Ellie found his reaction laughable. 
If Keira hadn't uncovered the truth, she might have fallen for this same excuse again. 
How could she have been so blind, trusting this man so much, believing every lie etched into his face? 
She used to think he was someone special, but now it all seemed ridiculous. 
Ellie smirked at him. "Stop lying, Darien. Just pay the bill." 
At her words, the manager immediately tightened his grip on Darien's wrist. "Mr. Britt, if you don't pay up, you'll be in serious trouble." 
The manager twisted Darien's wrist, causing him to yelp in pain. 
"Okay, okay! I'll pay! I'll pay!" 
The manager let go. "Then show me the money." 
Darien swallowed hard and pulled out his card. The manager swiped it through the machine. "There's only twenty grand here, and it's been maxed out. You still owe us over three hundred thousand." 
Ellie looked at his card, a cold smile playing on her lips. 
It was pathetic, really. She had even put money into his account to keep him afloat. 
Now, the irony was clear as day. 
Darien's eyes pleaded with Ellie. "Ellie, please. I'm sorry, I really am—" 
Ellie's expression didn't change. 
From a distance, Erin paused from munching on pistachios, suddenly looking concerned. She whispered to Keira, "You think she's gonna fall for that 'I'm sorry' crap again?" 
Keira wasn't sure how well she knew Ellie to answer, so she stayed silent. 
After all, Darien's deceit and selfishness were written all over his face. If Ellie had been truly sharp, how could she have fallen for him for three and a half years? Especially under the delusion that she'd been the "other woman" all that time. 
How blinded by love was this girl? 
Keira shifted her gaze towards Ryan to see if he had an opinion, but instead, she found herself looking at Lewis, who had stepped into her line of sight. 
Keira cleared her throat awkwardly. 
Just as she was about to turn away, Ryan stepped forward, entering her view again. He gently toyed with the beads on his wrist, his voice calm as ever. "She won't." 
 "Pay up." 
Ellie's voice cut through the air, as cold as ice. 
Darien looked frantic. "I—I don't have any more money!" 
Ellie's tone was flat. "You can always sell some of your luxury goods to cover the bill." 
Darien instinctively grabbed his wrist, where a designer watch clung—a gift from Ellie worth over a hundred grand. 
It was his last remaining asset, the one thing that allowed him to keep up appearances. 
Ellie's family was influential, and she had always been discreet about her wealth. Even she didn't flaunt expensive brands. The watch had been something she'd saved up to give him, but looking back, it felt like such a waste. 
Despite being with him for three and a half years, Ellie hadn't spent all that much on Darien. 
At most, it added up to about half a million, some of which had already been blown on frivolous expenses. 
And the rest… 
Ellie's eyes settled on the watch. 
The manager stepped forward. 
Reluctantly, Darien removed the watch from his wrist and handed it over, his face full of anguish. 
The manager appraised it. "A hundred grand, which still leaves you over two hundred short. Mr. Britt, you wouldn't want to lose a leg over this, would you?" 
Darien stammered, "But, but I'm broke! I don't have any more!" 
Ellie snorted. "Of course, you're broke, Darien. You spent all your money on Mollie, didn't you?" 
Darien's gaze immediately darted to Mollie.
###Chapter 766
766  Chapter 765 
Mollie instinctively stepped back, clutching her bag. 
It was a crocodile-skin Hermès, worth a fortune. 
Darien lunged forward, trying to snatch it! 
Mollie immediately shouted, "That's mine!" 
Darien paused for a moment. 
Ellie smirked, "Yours? You're part of this unpaid meal, too. If you can't cover the bill, none of you are leaving!" 
With that, Mollie hesitated, letting Darien hand the bag over to the manager. 
The manager examined it. "This has some depreciation. I'll count it as a hundred grand. You're still short by over a hundred thousand." 
Darien's eyes darted to Mollie's hair. Perched there was a diamond clip, one he'd asked Ellie to buy for her on her birthday last year. 
How ironic. 
The truth was, Mollie's most valuable belongings were always with her. 
Without waiting for Ellie's next command, Darien ripped the clip from her hair! 
Mollie's hair was now a mess, but Darien wasn't done. He yanked off her bracelet, her rings, and even her five-thousand-dollar Chanel earrings. 
The manager collected the items, placing them on a tray. "These earrings? Maybe two grand—used. The hairclip, seven thousand. Bracelet? Market's down; it's only worth five now." 
Mollie stood there, stripped of her jewelry, looking completely disheveled. 
After everything, the manager announced, "You still owe fifty-eight grand." 
Darien pleaded, "I'm tapped out. Can we get more time to pay?" 
The manager glanced at Ellie. 
Ellie's smile was cold. "Mollie must have more cash in her account, right?" 
Darien immediately turned to her. 
Mollie clutched her pocket. 
Seeing this, Darien's face lit up like he'd just found a lifeline. 
He'd been here enough times to know the kind of people who ran this bar. Their enforcers were no joke. 
Just a few days ago, a drunk customer refused to settle his tab, and Darien had seen the guy's finger get cut off. 
No way was he losing a finger tonight. Or worse. 
He both feared and longed for a life of luxury. 
Darien hurriedly handed Mollie's card to the manager. 
After swiping it, the manager raised his eyebrows. "Well, well, looks like Miss Mollie here has more in her account than you, Darien. A whole…" 
Darien stared at him eagerly. 
"…thirty-eight grand. Already deducted. You still owe twenty." 
Darien was dumbfounded. 
It still wasn't enough! 
He swallowed hard, looking toward Mollie's two friends. 
They were just low-level employees who hung out with Mollie to live large. No way they had money. 
But Ellie wasn't about to let them off the hook either. Since they'd helped Mollie push her around before, Ellie squeezed a few thousand from each of them. 
After pooling everything together, they were still short by eight thousand dollars. 
Darien was practically on his knees. "Ellie, please help me… You've taken care of me for years. Can't you just cover the last eight grand?" 
Ellie stared at him with disdain. "I mean, even a dog knows how to wag its tail at its owner. But you? You're not even loyal like a dog. Manager, make sure he pays. Don't let him off by a cent!" 
With that, she walked over to join Keira and the others. 
Darien tried to chase after her. "Ellie, you can't do this to me!" 
But the manager stopped him, and in no time, a few security guards dragged Darien, Mollie, and her friends to the back. 
Erin gave Ellie a thumbs up. "Nice work! You didn't fall for that jerk again." 
Ellie sighed. "I don't even know why. Part of me still feels a bit attached, but for some reason, my mind's finally clear. I can see him for what he really is." 
She let out a deep breath. "My brother always warned me he was no good, but I didn't listen. Now that I see it… it's like the signs were always there. What was I blind to?" 
She frowned, reflecting on her past self. 
Born into luxury, with plenty of love and money, how did someone like her get caught up with a guy like that? 
As she mulled it over, Lewis's deep voice broke through her thoughts. "There's a technique called hypnosis." 
Everyone paused, turning toward him. 
Lewis explained, "It's not exactly forbidden. Some psychologists use it to suggest things to their patients, helping them open up. Just a theory, though…" 
He glanced at Erin. "You know hypnosis, right?" 
Erin, known for her medical expertise, nodded. She'd been behind the creation of that infamous toxin, the Seven-Day Powder. 
Hearing Lewis, she immediately moved closer to Ellie, checking her pulse and staring into her eyes. A moment later, Erin gasped in surprise!
###Chapter 767
767  Chapter 766 
Noticing Erin's sudden look of surprise, everyone held their breath. 
She gestured for Ellie to sit on the nearby couch and, after a quick glance at her eyes, circled around her, inspecting her carefully. 
Erin's face was now serious, which was a rare sight. 
Unable to contain her curiosity, Ellie asked, "Am I really hypnotized?" 
"Yeah," Erin replied. "I can see signs of it. When you found out that guy betrayed you, did you suddenly feel... lighter? Like all the love and attachment you had for him just vanished?" 
Ellie nodded immediately. "Yes, exactly!" 
She had been confused earlier. 
She used to be obsessed with Darien, loving him to the point of insanity. She wouldn't have been willing to be his mistress for years, let alone act like a lovesick puppy. 
The idea of him breaking up with her once felt unbearable, devastating. 
She thought finding out who he truly was would break her, but instead, all she felt was relief, almost like a sense of victory. 
As if her love had been a lie all along. 
As Ellie reflected, Erin spoke up again. "That makes sense. The hypnosis you were under made you think Darien was risking his life for you, that you had to love him deeply no matter what, trust him... and that's why you've been stuck on him all these years, thinking he was your true love. 
"But the moment you found out who he really was, that hypnosis broke. The trust was shattered, and without that foundation, the whole thing collapsed." 
Erin, looking like a picture-perfect princess with her delicate features and sweet voice, stayed serious as she continued to examine Ellie's head, tilting it this way and that. 
Ellie, feeling uneasy, asked, "Wait, is breaking the hypnosis going to damage my brain?" 
"Nah," Erin replied with a grin. 
"I'm just curious how someone could be this clueless and get duped so easily." 
Ellie didn't know what to say. 
She jumped up, backing away a few steps from Erin. 
With her playful smile returning, Erin teased, "You know what the first thing is when it comes to hypnotizing someone?" 
This time, Ellie didn't answer, but Keira, who'd been quietly observing, spoke up, "It's trust." 
"Exactly. The person being hypnotized has to trust the hypnotist for it to work. Ellie, you and Darien didn't even know each other back then. There was no trust between you two yet. So, who did you trust enough to allow them to hypnotize you?" 
Ellie was silent again. 
Seeing her confusion, Erin turned to Keira, smirking. "She's a little slow, isn't she? Even if Darien didn't fool her, someone else definitely did." 
Darien's manipulation was too straightforward. 
Any person with common sense would have avoided getting entangled the way Ellie had. So, the idea that Darien alone deceived her seemed unlikely. 
There was only one other possibility. 
Keira asked Erin, "Besides trust, what else do you need for hypnosis?" 
Erin thoughtfully rubbed her chin. "A quiet environment. Ideally, the person needs to be relaxed, maybe even asleep. That's when hypnosis works best, in that half-awake, half-asleep state." 
Keira turned back to Ellie. "Think carefully. Three and a half years ago, where were you? Who did you trust enough to completely fall asleep around them?" 
Ellie thought hard. 
It was true—once girls grow up, they become more mindful of privacy. Even at home, she'd developed the habit of locking her bedroom door before sleeping. 
And no way would she fall asleep in front of Ryan, not even at home. 
So how could she have slept somewhere else…? Wait! 
Ellie suddenly spoke up, "I remember! It was the spa!" 
Keira's brows furrowed. 
The spa. 
It actually made sense. 
Ellie continued, "I had a membership at this spa. I went every week for treatments. I even got to know one of the girls there really well because she was good at her job. After a while, I only ever booked with her." 
It wasn't unusual to fall asleep while getting a massage during a relaxing spa session. 
No wonder Ellie got hypnotized. 
Someone like that was impossible to guard against! 
Ellie clenched her fists in anger. "I'm going to find that girl right now!" 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a glance before Keira calmly spoke, "How long has it been since you've been to that spa? Maybe call them first." 
Ellie paused, her hand hovering over her phone, then dialed the spa's number. 
When someone answered, she froze.
###Chapter 768
768  Chapter 767 
Ellie hung up and looked over at the group. 
Ryan still wore a calm expression, clearly understanding what had happened without needing any explanation. 
Meanwhile, Erin smiled brightly and teased, "Did the person quit ages ago?" 
Ellie nodded, looking frustrated. "Yeah, the manager said she left about six months ago because of some family emergency. I… haven't been back to the spa much since I got together with Darien, so I didn't know. But I did ask for her details. Ryan, can you help me look into it?" 
Ryan gazed at his innocent little sister and sighed softly. 
Then he glanced over at Keira and Erin. 
Keira had a steely look in her eyes as if she already understood everything, and considering her sharp methods, she wasn't someone to mess with. 
As for Erin, she was even trickier. She had this innocent and sweet vibe, but everything she did screamed mischief. Her expression made it clear that she knew exactly what was going on from the start. 
Ellie, on the other hand, was truly clueless. 
Ryan fiddled with the prayer beads around his wrist and said calmly, "Don't bother. That info's definitely fake. You won't get anything from it." 
Ellie blinked in surprise. "How's that possible? It's an ID card, she—" 
Mid-sentence, it finally clicked. The gears in her mind turned, and she suddenly blurted out, "You mean… it's a fake ID?" 
Ryan nodded. 
Ellie stared ahead blankly. "But why would she hypnotize me? I didn't have any issues with her. And what about Darien? What's their connection?" 
Keira, after a moment of thought, chimed in, "Asking Darien might actually get us some answers." 
The woman hypnotized Ellie to make her follow Darien's every command. But was that just to ensure that Ellie would leave the hotel at precisely ten o'clock to cause Ryan's accident? 
Such an elaborate setup, starting three and a half years ago… 
Could the South family be behind it? 
Keira clenched her jaw. At least they now knew that the so-called South family prophecy was a human creation. 
That was progress. 
Ellie perked up at Keira's suggestion and nodded eagerly, waving over the nearby manager. 
The manager hurried over and greeted her respectfully. "Miss Cobb." 
"Where's Darien?" 
"He's locked in the back courtyard. We haven't taken any further action without your orders. Just roughed him up a little." 
Ellie nodded. "Good, let's go see him." 
The group of people made their way to the back of the bar. 
The bar was a small shop on a commercial street, with a two-story townhouse attached at the rear, complete with a courtyard. 
The manager led them to a door and opened it. 
Inside, Darien's groans mixed with Mollie and her group's pleas for mercy. 
"Please! Let me go! I didn't know who she really was!" 
"I'm sorry! I swear I'll never cross her again!" 
Darien was clearly beaten up, clutching his stomach and whimpering on the floor. When they heard the door open, all of them immediately looked up. 
As soon as they saw Ellie, they started bowing and begging for forgiveness. 
Ellie wasn't moved by their pleas and simply waved her hand. "Let the other three go." 
The manager immediately ordered the bodyguards to release Mollie and her friends. 
Ellie then turned her attention to Darien. 
He looked up at her, his voice trembling, "Ellie, Ellie… I love you. Please forgive me. Stop torturing me. I swear I've learned my lesson!" 
Ellie slapped his face lightly and gripped his chin. "Darien, if you want me to forgive you, you'll have to answer a few questions first." 
"Anything! Anything!" 
Ellie didn't hesitate. "I'm not asking about the past. I just want to know who you are working for. Why did you really get close to me?" 
Darien froze. "I-I don't understand what you mean. I just knew you were a rich girl, and I wanted to be with you. At first, I really thought about having a serious relationship with you, maybe even marriage. But then I realized you'd do anything I said, and it got to my head. That's how Mollie came into the picture…" 
He wasn't stupid. If Ellie had been more difficult to handle, he would've played the role of a devoted lover, her kept man. 
But this rich girl turned out to be a total pushover, head over heels in love with him. That boosted his ego and made him greedy. 
What man wants to be someone's kept boy if they can avoid it? 
Every guy craves power, especially when someone like Mollie, who he thought was a rich heiress, was throwing herself at him. 
Ellie frowned. 
Keira then cut straight to the point, asking, "Why did you tell Ellie to come downstairs to meet you exactly at 9:55? Was someone behind that instruction?"
###Chapter 769
769  Chapter 768 
Darien looked stunned when he heard that. 
He glanced at Keira, confused, and asked, "Nine fifty-five? I don't really get what you mean…" 
Keira immediately pressed, "I'm asking why you called her to come out at exactly 9:55!" 
Darien seemed even more confused. "Did I? I didn't even notice." 
He pulled out his phone, checked his call log, and sure enough—it showed he had made the call at 9:55. 
Looking baffled, he muttered, "I just called randomly. I had no idea what time it was." 
His expression was sincere, not like someone trying to lie. 
Still, Keira glanced over at Erin, just to be sure. 
"What are you looking at me for?" Erin asked, raising an eyebrow. 
Keira replied, "Check if he's been hypnotized." 
"Oh," Erin said, stepping closer to check Darien's pupils. After a quick look, she shook her head. "Nope, nothing." 
Keira frowned. "Then what's going on?" 
It felt like the trail had suddenly gone cold. 
Just then, Lewis entered the room and handed Keira his phone. It turned out that during this time, he had someone investigate Darien's background. 
The report was incredibly detailed—it even listed the kindergarten Darien had attended. 
From what they gathered, Darien seemed like an ordinary person, a kid from a small rural town who worked hard in school and made it to college, supported by his family. 
But once he got to college, he was exposed to a world he'd never seen before and was dazzled by the wealth around him. He started dating rich girls at school. 
That was when he set his sights on Ellie. 
The whole "risking his life to save her" story? All fake! 
There had been no heroic effort at all. 
It was a carefully staged act by him and his friends. 
The investigation even uncovered conversations between Darien and his buddies, detailing how he had gradually manipulated Ellie, pushing her boundaries step by step. 
Once he realized how forgiving she was, he began living it up, meeting Mollie Francis along the way. 
Mollie mistook him for a rich heir, constantly trying to impress him, which made Darien feel superior—something he didn't experience with Ellie. He created the illusion that Mollie was his fiancée, deceiving Ellie completely. 
For the past few years, Darien hadn't worked a day, living off Ellie's money while enjoying a lavish lifestyle with Mollie. 
And Ellie never noticed—until the car accident yesterday. 
There was nothing in his past that indicated anything strange about him. 
So, what was really going on here? 
Keira turned to Erin and asked, "How did the South family make him call Ellie at exactly 9:55?" 
Erin rubbed her chin thoughtfully before responding, "You keep assuming the South family is behind this. But have you ever considered the possibility that Ellie'd been hypnotized to follow Darien's lead? Maybe this is someone targeting the Cobb family—someone out to destroy them—and it has nothing to do with the South family. Maybe the real enemy is just toying with Ellie and planning to kill her… and it just so happened that the timing fit with what the South family predicted." 
Keira pressed her lips together, deep in thought. 
Erin, however, grinned and teased, "I know you don't believe in mystical stuff, but sometimes, you've got to face the facts. At least for now, Darien checks out." 
She glanced at Ellie. "Whoever's setting her up just wants to ruin the Cobb family, so they didn't even bother messing with Darien's mind or putting him under any kind of suggestion." 
Erin patted Keira on the shoulder. "I know the truth is hard to swallow, but you've got to accept it. How do you think the South family has survived for over a thousand years? It's because they can do things that are hard to explain, and their hidden wealth is beyond your imagination…" 
Keira furrowed her brow. 
Lewis chimed in, "The South family's definitely mysterious. No one's ever been able to figure out where they are. Their predictions circulate among high-level circles, and they've never been wrong. Keira, maybe the South family really does have the power to foresee things." 
Keira tightened her jaw. 
She had never believed in anything so mystical, but now the evidence was staring her in the face, leaving her with no choice but to take it seriously. 
She took a deep breath. 
Erin turned her attention to Ellie. "This guy? You figure out how you want to deal with him." 
With that, Keira walked out. 
As she made her way through the hallway, her brow still furrowed, something clicked. "Wait, that's not right!"
###Chapter 770
770  Chapter 769 
Erin immediately turned to her. "What's wrong?" 
Keira suddenly glanced back at Darien and said, "He really did call Ellie at random, but there's someone who can influence him!" 
Keira stepped closer to Darien, asking, "The day you called Ellie, was Mollie with you?" 
Darien paused, "Yeah, we're practically together every day..." 
Keira looked up at Erin. 
Erin suddenly understood, "You mean... Mollie is the mastermind behind this?" 
"Exactly! Where did she go?" Keira shot a glance at Ellie and Ryan. 
Ryan immediately turned to the manager, who had just left with Mollie. The manager said, "We locked her in another room; I'll go get her..." 
They all followed the manager to the door of the room where Mollie was supposed to be. Ryan kicked the door open. 
A thick cloud of smoke billowed out... 
Everyone quickly covered their mouths and noses. Lewis even stepped in front of Keira, warily scanning the room. 
Inside, it was a mess. 
Two girls who had been with Mollie were unconscious, but Mollie was nowhere to be found! 
The window was open, and as they waved the smoke away, Keira spotted several footprints outside. 
Without hesitation, Keira leaped out the window, determined to chase after her! 
There was still a chance to catch up! 
As soon as she moved, Erin wanted to follow, but Lewis was faster, leaping out first. 
The window was too small for more than one person at a time. 
Once Lewis was gone, Erin tried to jump after him, but Ryan had already followed suit! 
Erin thought, "Really?!" 
By the time she got out, the two of them were already far ahead! 
Frustrated, Erin stamped her foot! Seriously, can't they let her be the sidekick to Keira? 
Keira was running as fast as she could. 
She could just make out Mollie's silhouette ahead. 
The bar was right by the road, and behind it was a row of small alleys—perfect for Mollie to escape into without being noticed. 
Keira pushed herself harder to catch up. 
But she was falling behind... 
This alley had twists and turns, and Mollie could easily lose her. 
At a crossroads, Keira saw Mollie's form vanish from sight. 
Just as she hesitated, Lewis and Ryan caught up to her. 
Ryan, who looked like he rarely got involved in anything, was surprisingly keeping pace with Lewis, his face showing no signs of fatigue after all that running. 
Keira quickly pointed to two of the three paths ahead. "You two, go that way! I'll take this one!" 
They split up; that should increase their chances of finding her. 
Lewis said nothing but pulled something from his pocket and handed it to her before taking off in another direction! 
Keira looked down to see it was a small, sleek gun! 
She panicked and quickly tucked it away, not wanting to draw attention. 
Just as she was about to chase after Mollie, Ryan suddenly called out, "Keira." 
Keira turned, puzzled. "You're not coming?" 
Ryan didn't know what to say. How could he say no? He stepped forward and handed her something as well! 
Looking down again, she found another compact, elegant gun. She blinked in surprise, but Ryan was already running in a different direction. 
He called back, "I was raised with strict military training. Stay safe, Keira." 
With that, he disappeared down the path. 
Keira was speechless.
She glanced at the two guns in her pockets, then took off running! 
She couldn't lose Mollie! 
She might just hold the key to unraveling the South family's secrets! 
With determination fueling her, she sped up, and after three more streets, she caught sight of Mollie again! 
Finally closing in! 
Keira's eyes lit up as she charged forward, grabbing Mollie's shoulder!
###Chapter 771
771  Chapter 770 
As soon as Keira grabbed Mollie, the latter ducked like an eel, slipping right out of her grasp. 
Keira immediately pulled out her gun and aimed it at her. "Don't move, or I'll shoot!" 
Mollie froze in place. 
She slowly turned her head back, and Keira let out a breath. But the next second, Mollie flashed a smile and said, "I bet you won't." 
With that, she bolted! 
Keira's mind raced. Sure, she had trained with her master in Oceanion, but most of her time was spent on research. She had never actually fired a gun! 
She stared at Mollie's retreating figure and then at the gun in her hand. 
After a moment's hesitation, she bit her lip and aimed at Mollie's knee. If she hit her leg, it wouldn't be lethal, but she'd stop her from running. 
She pulled the trigger. 
"Bang!" 
Mollie dodged in a quick, zigzag motion, disappearing into the alley! 
Keira cursed herself for missing, and just as she prepared to give chase, Mollie backed out of the alley, hands raised. 
Ryan stepped out behind her, holding his own gun. 
Mollie eyed him, her lips curling. "I bet you won't shoot either." 
She twisted, trying to escape down the other side, but Lewis appeared, blocking her way. 
Mollie froze. Keira was inexperienced—no threat. Ryan, bound by his status, couldn't kill freely. But Lewis? Lewis was the one she feared most. 
He didn't say much, but the cold, murderous intent in his eyes spoke volumes. The scent of death clung to him—he had killed before, no doubt about it. 
Mollie knew better than to move. One wrong step, and this man would end her. 
Keira quickly cuffed Mollie's hands behind her back, binding her tightly so she couldn't escape again. 
She finally asked, "Who sent you?" 
Mollie smirked. "I'm only after the Cobb family." 
Keira frowned. 
Mollie's eyes flicked to Ryan. "You should remember the Greenes, right?" 
Ryan's expression stiffened, his brow furrowing. 
Mollie chuckled bitterly. "I'm not Mollie Francis. My real name is Mollie Greene." 
Ryan's eyes widened. "You're their illegitimate child?" 
"That's right! Your family wiped mine out. My father is still locked up because of you people. I'm here for revenge!" Mollie shouted. 
Keira glanced at Ryan. 
He remained calm. "Our families have been enemies for generations. 
Keira understood. This was an old grudge not worth digging into. 
She wasn't one to pry into personal matters, so she shifted back to Mollie. "So, you're using Darien Britt for revenge? What's your plan?" 
Mollie sneered. "What plan? The Cobb estate is locked down like Fort Knox. There's no way in, and I can't even bribe a servant because they're all too loyal! I'm just one woman. I had to use what I had." 
Ryan looked at her coldly. "As far as I know, the Greene family never acknowledged you. So when everything went down, we never held you responsible. Why bother?" 
Mollie fell silent for a moment. 
Then, with a low, bitter laugh, she met Ryan's gaze. "You people born into privilege will never understand the pain of being a bastard child. It's easy to talk when you've never lived it. We crave recognition, acceptance from the family. So, even if I die today, news of my death will reach my father, and when it does, I'll finally be entered into the family records." 
Ryan pressed his lips together. He couldn't fully grasp her obsession with status, but he could respect it. 
He had seen people sacrifice everything for a cause, for their beliefs, or to defend their country. 
He decided not to pursue the matter further and asked, "Were you the one who hypnotized Ellie?" 
Mollie laughed coldly. "That's right. Even though the Greene family never accepted me, they sent me a lot of money after they heard I was still alive. It was enough to hire a hypnotist. The Cobbs are too cautious, too heartless. I had no choice but to start with the most innocent one—Ellie. Then I picked Darien, using him as a bridge to get closer to her. I waited three years, and the only chance I had was to kill Ellie. But you? You were my real target." 
Mollie's hands were tied, but her eyes remained venomous as she glared at Ryan. "Killing Ellie wasn't worth it. I wanted to take you down with me. If the eldest Cobb son dies, your father will be devastated, won't he? Ha!" 
Keira immediately picked up on the flaw in her plan. "If you wanted Ryan dead, why did you sabotage Ellie's car? How could you have known it would crash into him?"
###Chapter 772
772  Chapter 771 
Keira had almost believed it was all Mollie's doing after hearing the conversation between her and Ryan. 
But there were way too many holes in Mollie's story about this so-called "plan." 
If it weren't for the South family's prophecy and Keira showing up at the Cobb estate in time, Ryan would have already left, and there wouldn't have been any chance for him to get hit by Ellie's car. 
Something else was definitely going on here. 
Just as Keira was piecing things together, Mollie smirked. "Someone told me to do it." 
"Who?" Keira immediately asked. 
Mollie glanced at her. "I don't know. All I know is I was planted close to Ellie, waiting for the right moment. But honestly, all I could do was humiliate her. I never even got near Ryan. I only got a chance to approach the Cobbs' maid after Ellie brought her out. I bribed her... I didn't even know what to do next, but then, a few days ago, someone called me. They said if I could mess with Ellie's car and make sure she was at the front gate by 10 a.m., I could kill Ryan." 
Mollie looked at Ryan and scoffed, "Looks like your family's got plenty of enemies." 
Ryan knew she was being sarcastic but didn't respond. 
"So, you had the maid sabotage Ellie's car, then coordinated with Darien to make sure he called her at just the right time so she'd come down and drive off toward the gate?" Keira pressed. 
Mollie nodded. "Exactly." 
Keira turned to Ryan. "So, I was part of their plan too? If it weren't for the prophecy about you dying at 10, I wouldn't have stopped you at the gate, and if you had already left... there wouldn't have been an accident." 
Ryan pursed his lips and nodded. "Seems that way." 
Keira frowned. Things were spiraling beyond her control. It was getting more complicated than she had ever imagined. 
Was the South family behind this? 
If so, did that mean she was being used as well? 
It was Erin who told her Ryan would be in an accident at 10 a.m. 
Erin had used her family's connections to have Ryan's fortune told... 
Was Erin manipulating her? 
Keira tossed Mollie over to Ryan and pulled out her phone. "What's the number of the person who contacted you?" 
Mollie shrugged. "How should I know? Check my recent calls. It was five days ago, around 2 p.m." 
Keira scrolled through Mollie's phone and saw a number that was both unfamiliar and strangely familiar at the same time. 
It was unfamiliar because it was just a string of digits. 
But familiar because... 
Keira quickly took out her own phone and opened her call log. One of the numbers that had called her a few days ago was exactly the same. 
She remembered clearly—the person who called her from this number was... Lion! 
Keira's eyes narrowed. 
It really was the South family. 
As she frowned, lost in thought, Ellie and Erin finally caught up. Ellie took in the scene, her eyes landing on Mollie, and asked, "What happened to her?" 
Ryan answered calmly, "She's the one behind it all." 
Ellie was stunned. "What?" 
She turned to Mollie, completely shocked. That couldn't be true! 
Erin was also taken aback, blurting out in disbelief, "Wait, what?! No way!" 
Her surprise seemed genuine. After all, Mollie had always come off as nothing more than a gold digger, and she appeared to have been just another one of Darien's victims. Who could've guessed she was behind the whole thing? 
Erin swallowed hard, still trying to wrap her head around it. 
Keira then glanced at her. "Come with me for a second." 
Erin quickly nodded, glancing triumphantly at Ryan and Lewis. Ha, beat that! She thought. See? Keira pulled me aside the moment I got here! 
Sticking her tongue out playfully, she made a smug face at the two men and followed Keira away from the group. 
Once they were far enough away that no one could hear, Keira asked her point-blank, "I'll ask you again. Are you sure the South family's prophecies are accurate?" 
Erin's expression turned serious as she answered with conviction, "I swear, they're real. Absolutely. The South family's predictions have never been wrong. Not once. You think Ryan almost got in a car accident because you stopped him, right? But have you considered that if you hadn't stopped him, he might've gotten into a worse accident on the highway? If he had left, we wouldn't even know where it would've happened!" 
Keira stared at her for a moment, then said, "But it was Lion who set up the 10 a.m. timing." 
Erin froze. "What? That's impossible!" 
Keira was about to say something else, but Erin suddenly interjected, "Wait, I think I know what's going on!" 
"Go on," Keira urged.
###Chapter 773
773  Chapter 772 
Erin cut straight to the point. "Lion knows about the 10 o'clock car crash prediction. He knows I asked about it, so he knows you must be aware too. And given your usual stubbornness, you'd obviously try to stop him from leaving. That's why… Mollie made sure Ellie would be at the door at exactly 10. Because after 10, Ryan would be gone!" 
Keira scoffed. "If what you're saying is true, and Lion knew I'd block him from leaving by 10, why not have Ellie leave the house at 9:30 instead?" 
Erin gave her a direct look. "Simple. The South family's prediction was that he'd have a car crash at 10 a.m., right?" 
Keira didn't quite follow. "What are you getting at?" 
Erin grinned. "The South family predicted he'd crash at 10, so there's no way it could happen at 9:59, and definitely not at 10:01. If Ellie showed up at 9:59, something else would've happened to prevent it. Get it now?" 
Keira paused, stunned. "So, what you're saying is, if the South family predicted you'd die at dawn, even the Grim Reaper wouldn't show up before then?" 
Erin rolled her eyes. "Yeah, that's the gist of it. But why does it have to be me dying?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "I'm just making a point." 
"Well, still. Use Lion as an example instead." 
Keira sighed but kept silent. 
Erin shot back, "Don't you know about prophecy avoidance? You can't just throw words around like that!" 
Keira couldn't help but chuckle. "You're superstitious for someone your age." 
"It's not superstition," Erin said seriously, looking her in the eye. "You shouldn't underestimate things like this. Think about it—haven't you ever noticed that the more you fear something, the more likely it is to happen? There's probably a psychology book about that. But have you ever considered that maybe it's not just psychology? Maybe it's some kind of prophecy or curse. Words are powerful! People joke online all the time about bad stuff happening to them, and guess what? It often does. We need to watch what we say." 
Keira saw how serious she was and nodded. After all, the weirdness surrounding the South family had been giving her the creeps. "Yeah, I get it." 
Erin finally let it go. "Alright then. So now you see why it had to be at 10, right? That's exactly the time she needed to kill him. If it wasn't 10, Ryan wouldn't die." 
Keira frowned. "Have you done something like this before?" 
Erin scratched her nose. "Well, there was this serial killer once. I wanted to take him out, so I asked the South family for a prediction. They said he'd die by drowning on a certain day. I didn't believe it, so I tried several times to kill him beforehand. Every time, something went wrong. Once, I even had him thrown into a lake. The guy couldn't even swim, yet he didn't drown. 
"In the end, I gave up. But when the predicted day came, he went on a cruise and, sure enough, accidentally fell into the ocean and drowned. I investigated everything, but there was no foul play. The South family's prediction was spot on. 
"So, for Ryan, the prophecy protects him until 10. That's why Lion wouldn't make a move before then. And once 10 passes, Ryan will be gone, so there's no need to bother. If I were Mollie and I wanted him dead, I'd pick 10 too." 
Keira nodded, finally understanding. 
Erin glanced at Ryan. "Anyway, stop obsessing over this prophecy stuff. It's not something you can handle right now. We're busting our butts trying to keep him alive while also securing a deal with the Gills! Focus on what's important!" 
Keira rolled her eyes. "I know." 
Erin raised her eyebrows. "Do you really? You saved Ryan's life yesterday! Now's the perfect time to push for that deal. He won't say no!" 
Keira shook her head. "No way." 
"Why not?" 
"My mentor taught me never to ask for a favor in return for saving someone." 
Erin blinked. "Are you serious right now? You're so damn stubborn! If you can't even be a little flexible, how do you plan on saving your mom? Let me tell you—being a goody-two-shoes won't get you anywhere! Sometimes, you have to make demands when the moment's right!" 
Keira just smiled calmly. "I didn't save Ryan for a favor. I just wanted to test the South family's prediction." 
"You're impossible! How can you be so dense! I—!" 
Erin was fuming. "What century are you even living in? People like you still exist?" 
Keira smirked. 
Erin paused. "What?" 
Keira's eyes flicked over to Ryan and Lewis, who were walking away. They'd clearly overheard the entire conversation. 
Keira patted Erin on the shoulder. "Let's head back. The deal's going through." 
"What?"
###Chapter 774
774  Chapter 773 
"Nothing." Keira waved her hand dismissively. She wasn't the type to use a favor as leverage, but she wasn't some saint either. What she wanted was a deep connection with the five major families in Clance. Saving Ryan yesterday wasn't just an act of kindness; it was the best way to ensure their partnership with the Gills would continue. 
When Erin started talking earlier, Keira had already heard the faint footsteps—Lewis's signal that the two were approaching. That's why she had timed her remark just right, showcasing her character. 
Sometimes, asking for something outright might get you rejected, but an indirect approach like this? It would leave Ryan feeling guilty, and that guilt would push him to continue the partnership with the Gills and her. 
Keira knew what she was doing. It might be a bit manipulative, but to get what she needed, she didn't mind bending the rules now and then. After all, she'd grown up working all sorts of jobs—she wasn't new to the hustle. 
As expected, things unfolded just as Keira had planned. 
When Ryan and Ellie returned to the Cobb family home, Ryan immediately summoned Gavin and Selena. "Miss Olsen saved both mine and Ellie's lives. The partnership with the Gills has to continue," Ryan declared. 
Gavin nodded right away. "Understood." Then, scratching his head sheepishly, he added, "You really shouldn't have stopped working with Miss Olsen just because of me." 
Ryan looked at him. "Consider this me owing you one. But I didn't have a choice—what she did for me and Ellie is too big to ignore." 
Gavin nodded again, but Selena, sitting beside him, clenched her fists. 
Her father was dead. Her mother was in jail. And all of it, every single piece of this nightmare, was because of Lewis and "Keera." 
And now, Ryan was just going to let it all go with a simple word of thanks? Unbelievable. 
She couldn't allow it. 
Selena shot a glance at Gavin, lowering her eyes. If Keira had crossed Gavin instead of Ryan, would things be the same? Besides, Gavin wasn't going to live much longer anyway… so maybe… 
Her thoughts were interrupted when Ryan turned to her. "Selena, what do you think?" 
Selena quickly put on a bright smile. "Of course, I have no issues with it. Honestly, the feud between me and Uncle Lewis isn't that deep anyway. We're family after all." 
Ryan studied her, trying to figure out if she was sincere. But Ellie jumped in before he could say more. "I think so too! I haven't spent much time around them, but Miss Olsen? She's awesome! She's the coolest woman I've ever met—like, beautiful and brave at the same time! She's my new role model!" Selena's smile faltered for just a split second. 
She looked down, coughed to cover her annoyance, and then said, "Since they saved you and Ellie, I don't think just continuing the partnership is enough. Maybe we should visit them to thank them properly. We could even have a meal together, you know, to deepen the relationship." 
Ryan was about to refuse. He knew Ms. Olsen wouldn't be interested in a dinner invite. She didn't even want to use her life-saving favor to ask for anything, so why would she want a party? 
But before he could speak, Ellie was already up on her feet, shouting, "That's a great idea!" 
She grinned sheepishly, "I was so busy teaching that jerk a lesson that I forgot to grab Ms, Olsen's and Miss South's numbers! We should totally hang out with them!" 
Selena turned her gaze back to Ryan. 
He hesitated for a moment, then Ellie started tugging on his arm. "Come on, Ryan, don't you want to see Ms. Olsen again?" 
Ryan paused before answering, "You can ask her, but don't be surprised if she doesn't want company." 
"Got it!" 
Ellie grinned at him, then held out her hand. "Now, give me Ms. Olsen's number!" 
"What? Why would I have it?" Ryan replied defensively. 
Ellie snatched his phone anyway, scrolling through his contacts. "Let's see... Ah! Found it! Ms. Olsen's number!" 
Ryan coughed, snatching the phone back, but not before Ellie saw the contact name he had saved for Keira: Fox. 
Ellie raised an eyebrow. "Fox? Really, Ryan? You're calling her a fox?" 
Ryan cleared his throat again. "She's cunning, isn't she?" 
Did he really think he hadn't noticed how Lewis had purposely led him to overhear "Keera's" little performance? He wasn't that naive. He just didn't want to expose them. "Keera" was like a crafty old fox—and Lewis, a younger one, playing their games. 
But Ryan didn't bother explaining all that. He simply said, "If you're not going to call her, give me back the phone." 
Ellie immediately backed away with a mischievous grin. "Of course I'm calling her!" 
She shot him a wink and strolled off to make the call, leaving Selena watching her with a cold, calculating gaze. 
Then she glanced over at Gavin. 
Stage-four colon cancer, huh? 
Well, when they visited the Hortons, she could always slip something into the food. Something harmless for most people, but lethal for someone in his condition. If Gavin died at the Horton house, let's see how eager Ryan would be to keep working with them.
###Chapter 775
775  Chapter 774 
Keira was a little startled when she received the call. 
The Gill family had already reached out the moment they heard from Ryan about continuing their collaboration, so why was Ryan calling now? Had he figured out she'd manipulated him? 
As she wondered about this, she coughed lightly and glanced at Lewis. 
Truth be told, it was her first time pulling off a scheme like this, and she felt a little guilty. 
Lewis, noticing her hesitation, took the phone from her hand, giving her a side-eye. He didn't say a word, but the look in his eyes was clear: Really? You're nervous over this? 
Clearly, Lewis was a seasoned veteran in the business world. 
Calm and collected, he put the phone on speaker. Ellie's bright voice came through, "Ms. Olsen, you saved my brother and me! Our family would love to visit you to thank you in person and clear up any misunderstandings. Would that be alright?" 
Keira heard every word, as did Lewis, who kept the call on speaker 
She raised an eyebrow, about to respond when Erin suddenly appeared behind her and shouted, "No way!" 
Ellie responded immediately, "I'm asking Ms. Olsen, not you!" 
Erin scoffed, "Really? Since when were you and my cousin so close?" 
"Your cousin? You're from the South family. What's that got to do with her?" 
Erin sneered, "She and I are related. You tell me, what do you think that means?" 
Ellie paused for a second before ignoring Erin altogether and focusing back on Keira, "So, Ms. Olsen, we'll come over tomorrow at noon. Our whole family." 
Before Erin could cut in again, Ellie hung up. 
Erin huffed and turned to Keira. "Honestly, how rude is she? I mean, they haven't even gotten our permission, and she's acting like they're already invited over." 
Keira gently reminded her, "Technically, this is the Horton residence…" 
Erin waved it off, "Well, that's irrelevant. You're married to Lewis now, so what's his is yours, and what's yours is mine, right? By blood, you're still my cousin!" 
Keira rubbed her forehead, feeling a little exasperated. 
Lewis narrowed his eyes slightly and turned to the butler. "Prepare the house. We'll have guests tomorrow." 
At the Cobb residence. 
Ellie hung up and turned to Ryan with a big smile. "Done! They're more than happy to have us over." 
Ryan raised an eyebrow. "That's not how it sounded from the conversation I just heard." 
Ellie shrugged. "Whatever, the point is, are you coming or not?" 
Ryan sighed, looking down. "We can't show up empty-handed. After all, they helped us in such a big way. We should bring a gift." 
"Got it!" 
Ellie handed the phone back to Ryan and headed for the door. She paused midway and turned around. "Hey, why did you save her number as 'Fox'?" 
Ryan froze for a second. 
There wasn't any particular reason. He hadn't interacted much with Keira before, just a few phone calls here and there, so he'd saved her number like any other. But, for some reason, as he was typing in her name, her face popped into his mind—young, composed, her gaze sharp, carrying a certain shrewdness. She was like a little fox. 
Given time, or maybe even already, her achievements would far surpass those of most people. 
Of course, Ryan wasn't about to explain all that to Ellie. Instead, he simply deflected, "What gift are you planning to bring?" 
Ellie's attention immediately shifted, "Oh! I was thinking of giving her one of my custom pearl necklaces. I ordered two—perfect timing. I'll give her one!" 
She grinned and added, "I'll make sure to wear mine whenever she wears hers, just to annoy Erin!" 
Ryan remained silent. 
Meanwhile, Selena, who had been listening to their conversation from the side, clenched her fists. 
In this family, there were only two women who should matter: Ellie and herself. 
Yet here was Ellie, preparing an extravagant gift, not for her sister-in-law, but for "Keera?" 
How could they be so disrespectful? 
Fuming inside, Selena kept her head down, forcing herself to suppress her emotions. 
Finally, she looked up with a smile. "Ryan, Ellie, we should also bring a gift tomorrow." 
Gavin, standing beside her, nodded immediately, holding her hand. "Of course, we'll get something too. See you tomorrow." 
"Great." 
After they left, Ellie leaned close to Ryan, whispering, "I don't trust Selena. I don't think she's a good match for Gavin. She's always scheming." 
Ryan responded calmly, "Stop meddling in their marriage. That's between them." 
Ellie pouted, "You're just going to stand by and do nothing?" 
Ryan's voice remained even. "There's no need." 
Selena was already suffering from terminal cancer. She didn't have much time left. 
The real tragedy was that Gavin was too blinded by love to see her true colors. Losing her at her best might leave a scar on him for life. 
Ryan could only hope something would happen to make Gavin open his eyes before it was too late.
###Chapter 776
?776 Chapter 775
Ryan had no intention of playing any tricks.
After all, what was the point doing anything to a person on the brink of death?
But it was a shame about Gavin.
Though he was a distant cousin, Gavin had been taken in by the family at a young age due to his remarkable talent and the loss of his parents. Ryan genuinely felt a
brotherly bond with him.
If Selena had repaired her relationships with the Horton and Olsen families before her death, it would have been one thing.
But if those ties remained broken when she passed, Gavin would likely be unsettled. Maintaining a close relationship with the Olsons and Hortons wouldn't be suitable anymore, lest he feel neglected.
As these thoughts swirled in his mind, Ryan felt a twinge of regret.
It was almost quite enjoyable to go to that bar with "Keera" and Lewis to find Darien Britt!
That chaotic night had been a rare experience for someone like him, who had a unique position in life and wasn't suited to have too many friends.
Ryan lowered his gaze, gripping the beads on his wrist, and began to rotate them slowly.
The chill of self-restraint was palpable.
A man who had never craved much since childhood found himself oddly eager for the visit the next day.
Meanwhile, Selena walked ahead, clearly in a foul mood.
Gavin noticed and couldn't help but chuckle as he took her hand. "Are you mad? Ellie doesn't mean any harm. She's wanted a sister to play with since she was little, and I bet that Ms. Olsen fits her personality perfectly. Don't overthink it."
Selena yanked her hand away. "I'm her sister-in-law; I shouldn't be treated like an outsider!"
Gavin couldn't help but chuckle softly. "You're overreacting. That's not what she meant."
"How is it not? If your brother marries, does she really have the nerve to say those things to his wife in front of the family? Does she dare to disregard her feelings?"
Gavin fell silent, realizing she had a point.
Ellie wouldn't dare.
Ryan wasn't just the eldest son in the family; he was also the heir of the next generation.
His wife would undoubtedly come from a prestigious background, and anyone entering the family would have to be on their best behavior...
Truthfully, Gavin understood all of this.
He was, after all, just a distant relative. Even if Ellie affectionately called him "big brother," he was always aware of his place.
Ellie was the genuine heir of the family, while he was merely a playmate to her. He certainly appreciated her warmth and knew Ellie held a genuine fondness for him as a brother, but he couldn't forget his position in the grand scheme of things. Thus, Gavin remained unfazed about Ellie not sending Selena a pearl necklace. After hearing Selena's concerns and noticing his lack of reaction, he spoke up, "We're a family. If she looks down on you, she's looking down on me, too. I don't want anyone in this house to think less of you, Gavin. I don't want you to be disrespected."
Gavin laughed. "You're overthinking it. That's not happening."
"How can you say that?" Selena turned her head away, a bit frustrated. "They know perfectly well that I don't get along with the Olsens and Hortons, yet they still insist. on collaborating... Now they want us to go pay a visit? It's like they're trying to make me back down and smooth things over between you and the Hortons."
Selena's eyes reddened slightly. "But why should I? This is all because of Lewis's schemes! My mom is in prison, my dad is dead, and now the Hortons are just following his orders. He's treating our family this way, and I have to show up smiling... Have you thought about how I feel?"
Gavin quickly comforted her, "Don't cry, don't cry. My brother isn't trying to hurt you. He just wants you to mend things with your family. Besides, you still have a younger brother, right?"
Selena retorted immediately, "My brother has been fooled by them. He doesn't even acknowledge Dad anymore. How could he possibly acknowledge me as his sister?" Gavin sighed. "But they are still family."
"They aren't my family; they're my enemies!"
Selena couldn't help but shout.
Gavin paused in surprise, then hesitantly suggested, "What if we don't go tomorrow? Ms. Olsen saved my brother and Ellie's lives; it's only right for them to express their
gratitude. If you don't want to go home, we can skip it...
"That's out of the question."
Selena interjected sharply, "We have to go!"
If they didn't go, how could she slip the poison into Gavin's drink and accelerate his colon cancer? How could she ruin the relationship between the Cobbs and the Hortons?
A flash of resentment crossed Selena's gaze!
She truly hated Lewis and "Keera". If it weren't for them, she and her mother would have long been part of the Horton family, enjoying the status of true heirs instead of being labeled as the illegitimate child!
If her father were still alive, he would have definitely given her Horton shares as part of her dowry...
She wouldn't be looked down upon in the Cobb family!
The more Selena thought about it, the angrier she became. The more intense her expression grew, but she quickly turned her gaze to Gavin. "If we don't go, how will you explain it to your brother? It's fine if I take the hit; at least you'll all be happy,
right?"
After saying this, Selena entered her room, glancing back at Gavin.
Sure enough, she saw a hint of guilt on his face.
That was enough for her.
As long as he felt guilty, when he succumbed to cancer tomorrow, he would help her
say a few good words... Even if he was dead, Ryan would still treat her kindly!
###Chapter 777
777  Chapter 776 
At ten o'clock the next morning, the Cobb family set off for the Hortons'. By about eleven, they arrived at the Horton residence. 
The security guard had already been informed, so when they arrived, their car was allowed to drive straight in, heading for the parking lot. 
Lewis and the others were already waiting for them by the lot. 
Ryan Cobb and Ellie Cobb looked around, taking in the surroundings. 
This estate was one Lewis had bought when he came to Clance, and though it had only been half a year, it was already well-maintained. 
There were elegant pavilions, and the garden was picturesque, making the place feel as though it had a deep history. 
Gavin couldn't help but comment, "The greenery here is really well done. Looks like they've had professionals take care of it." 
Hearing this, Selena suddenly felt a bit of pride swell inside her. She smiled and said, "Yes, my dad loved this kind of thing. The person who tends the plants has been working with him for years. He's very particular about it." 
Gavin was surprised. "You had someone specifically to take care of the plants?" 
Though the Cobb family was wealthy, they kept a low profile. Their household staff was minimal, and they certainly didn't hire someone for a single task. Even their plants were tended by a service that came by periodically. 
Ryan was well aware of how other wealthy families operated, but Gavin had less exposure, so he found it a bit shocking. 
Selena nodded. "When Grandma was still around, she loved this one creamy soup, and only one chef could make it the way she liked. So we kept him on just to make that dish for her once a week." 
Gavin couldn't help but exclaim, "That's quite extravagant." 
Selena, clearly proud, nodded again. "Yes, well, the Hortons have the means. Little things like this aren't even a drop in the bucket. Gavin, see that pond over there? It's filled with koi fish. Do you know how much those fish cost? One of them can go for tens of thousands." 
Gavin was stunned. "That whole pond must be worth a fortune." 
Selena smirked. "Not too much. Just over a million or so. And see that old tree? My uncle paid millions to have it brought here just to give the place a bit more character." 
"Millions for a tree? That's ridiculous." 
As they wandered off, Ellie rolled her eyes from where she stood. She jabbed Ryan in the side. "Hey, look at her, showing off like that. You'd think the Hortons were her real family. She's just trying to make herself look good in front of Gavin. Why doesn't she come try that with me? I'd shut her down so fast." 
Ryan, twirling the prayer beads on his wrist, scolded her lightly. "Enough. Don't talk about people behind their backs." 
Ellie stuck out her tongue before turning to Keira, whom she had been clinging to. "Keera, I brought you a pearl necklace. Let's wear them together!" 
Keira smiled softly. "Thanks." 
"Oh, come on, don't be so polite! After everything you did for me, I'd still be getting strung along by that jerk Darien if it weren't for you!" Ellie still felt a twinge of disbelief when she thought back on the last three years she'd wasted on that guy. 
Darien hadn't left much of a mark on her heart, but it was like he had occupied a space, leaving it empty once he was gone. 
Ellie shook her head to clear those thoughts. "Anyway, my favorite dish is fish. Are we having that for lunch?" 
Keira glanced at the housekeeper. "Add fish to the lunch menu." 
The housekeeper smiled and went off to relay the request to the kitchen. 
Ryan couldn't help but interject, "Ms. Olsen, you don't have to indulge her so much." 
Keira just smiled in response. 
But Lewis was the one who replied, "It's no trouble at all. Adding a dish is nothing. My wife doesn't mind." 
My wife. 
Ryan paused for a moment, glancing at Lewis. "So, Mr. Horton, you and Ms. Olsen are already married? I thought it was just an engagement." 
Lewis nodded. "Legally, we're already married." 
"Wow!" Ellie exclaimed, her excitement bubbling over. "You've already tied the knot? When's the wedding?" 
Lewis smiled, acknowledging her curiosity. "When the time comes, we'll make sure you and your brother get invitations." 
They'd actually been married for three years already, ever since Oceanion. But Ellie didn't need to know that. 
Ellie didn't care what her brother thought—she was just thrilled. "Can I be one of the bridesmaids?" 
"What are you thinking?" Erin strode over, munching on pistachios. "I'm her cousin, so obviously I'll be the bridesmaid!" 
Ellie shot back, "Who says you can only have one bridesmaid?" 
Erin laughed. "Even so, you'd have to get in line. You've got Miss Allen and Miss Gill ahead of you! Oh, and don't forget, her sister-in-law is her best friend. If she weren't already married, you wouldn't stand a chance." 
"You—" 
Just as the two were about to start bickering like a pair of schoolkids, a group of people entered from the front door. The Olsen brothers had arrived.
###Chapter 778
778  Chapter 777 
These days, there weren't many people living at the Horton house. 
Jake and his mother had already moved out, leaving only Keira and Lewis as the current heads of the household, with Erin still hanging around. Neither Lewis nor Keira were the chatty type, and Erin, well, she was like a firecracker, always going off whenever she saw Ellie. So, to help with hosting the Cobb family today, Keira had given James a quick call to ask him to come over and lend a hand. 
James didn't mind. He and Kate had been busy training at Freeman Sect anyway and didn't have much going on. But what Keira hadn't expected was that James would casually mention the whole thing in the family group chat, which then led to all the Olsen brothers immediately chiming in, eager to join the party too. 
Charles, unsurprisingly, was the first to jump on the idea. After all, his girlfriend, Erin, was there. 
Even Peter showed up, and he'd brought along Jenkins. As for Ellis and Mary, they didn't come—Mary was heavily pregnant now, and Keira didn't want to risk her being around too many people, especially with the South family's shady reputation. No need to give them any excuses. 
When the whole crew rolled in, Ellie pouted. "Keera, with all these people here, are you even gonna have time to hang out with me?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow and smirked. "They're family. They're here to help me entertain you!" 
Ellie's mood shifted instantly, lighting up. "That's awesome!" 
Meanwhile, Erin was already long gone, having sprinted over to Charles's side. She offered him a handful of pistachios and was chattering away non-stop, leaving Ellie to watch the scene unfold with curiosity. 
"Is that Charles? Erin's boyfriend?" Ellie asked. 
Keira paused for a moment, then nodded. Charles seemed happy enough with the arrangement, and who was she to stop him? 
Ellie, however, scrunched her nose. "Hmph, if I were feeling mischievous, I'd totally try to steal Charles away from her. Let's see how long she keeps trying to steal you from me then!" 
Keira blinked, speechless. 
These rich girls and their thought processes were something else entirely. 
Once everyone had poured into the house, the place came alive with laughter and conversation. The Olsen brothers were natural entertainers, and before long, even the usually reserved Ryan found himself pulled into a game of cards with them. 
Keira exchanged a look with Lewis, her lips curving into a satisfied smile. 
Lewis chuckled quietly in response. 
By the time Selena and Gavin returned to the living room after their little tour of the estate, the house was already buzzing. The men were playing cards, the women sipping tea and enjoying the atmosphere—it all felt so warm and lively. 
Selena, however, seemed out of place. She shot a glance at the room and muttered under her breath, "Anyone who didn't know better would think this is the Olsen house, not the Horton's." 
Her words brought an instant hush to the room. Everyone understood the jab behind her passive-aggressive comment. 
Gavin gave her a gentle shake of the hand, silently pleading with her to stop, and Selena reluctantly lowered her gaze, falling quiet. 
At that moment, Kate spoke up. "Who's she?" she asked, casting a glance at Selena. 
"She's Gavin's wife," Erin explained, adding, "Oh, and also, the former Horton bastard." 
Kate raised an eyebrow. "A bastard? Really? You wouldn't know it from the way she carries herself. I thought she was the eldest daughter." 
Selena's face flushed with embarrassment at the dig. Kate had thrown her own words right back at her. 
Her chest heaving with frustration, Selena looked at Gavin, her eyes watering as if she were about to say something, but Gavin was quicker, tugging her close. "Just let it go." 
Selena bit her lip and lowered her head, sulking. 
Seeing the tension, Gavin decided not to head over to the guys, instead sitting on a sofa with Selena, the two of them somewhat isolated from the rest of the group. Their entrance had cast a strange, uncomfortable vibe over the room. 
Keira and Lewis shared another glance. Neither of them were the type to make a scene, and given Selena's illness, they certainly weren't going to make a fuss. There wasn't much point in picking a fight with someone who didn't have much time left. 
Keira stood up with a soft smile. "I think it's about time we eat. What do you all say?" 
"Yes! Finally!" Erin was the first to jump on the idea. "I've been smelling the food from the kitchen for ages now!" 
Ellie shot her a knowing look. "Please, you probably already snuck in and grabbed a bite, didn't you?" 
"Me? Never!" Erin wiped her greasy lips with a napkin, nodding earnestly. "I wouldn't dare!" 
Ellie just stared at her in disbelief. 
With everyone moving into the dining room, they took their seats around a large table that was set with a feast. Each person sat on either side of the long table, ready for the meal to begin. 
But Selena was eyeing the food with something else on her mind. When no one was watching, she slipped into the kitchen, where everyone was busy preparing the last touches. Her gaze locked onto a pot of creamy stew simmering on the stove. Checking to make sure no one was looking, she pulled out a small packet of powder from her pocket and sprinkled it into the pot, stirring it in quickly before anyone noticed.
###Chapter 779
779  Chapter 778 
"What are you doing here?" 
Suddenly, Fiona appeared at the doorway, asking directly. 
Selena jumped, her heart pounding. She turned to look at Fiona with a smile. "Oh, I was just seeing if there's anything I can help with." 
Fiona walked over. "No need. You're a guest here now. Please, step out." 
"No, no, really. I can help serve the dishes," Selena insisted. She grabbed a plate of greens and walked out, but before she could set it down on the table, Gavin came over, asking, "Didn't you say you weren't feeling well and went to the restroom? What are you doing here?" 
Selena gave Keira a pitiful glance and sighed, "Ryan brought us here to try to fix things, didn't he? I said something earlier that upset Uncle Lewis and Aunt Keera. I thought if I did a bit more, maybe they'd see I'm not all bad." 
Gavin paused, confused. 
Selena continued, "I know I'm just an illegitimate child and no one really likes me. When Dad used to visit my mom, I had to be extra good, do more work, and act mature, hoping he'd notice me a bit more. I'm not upset. I just want everyone to be happy." 
She placed the plate on the table. 
Seeing her try so hard, Gavin felt a pang in his heart. As an orphan himself, growing up in the Cobb family, he also knew what it was like to live under someone else's roof, always walking on eggshells, hoping to avoid conflict. It wasn't a feeling he could forget easily. 
Clenching his fists, he suddenly grabbed Selena's hand. "I was wrong. We don't have to stay. You shouldn't be putting up with this." 
Selena had been aiming for Gavin to feel guilty, but if they left, how would she make sure he had the soup? 
"No, it's fine," she quickly said. "I want to make things better. I'm really not upset." 
Gavin frowned, "You don't need to suffer like this!" 
Before Selena could respond, a few of the others noticed the tension. 
James spoke up, "What's going on over there? Come on, it's time to sit down." 
Selena patted Gavin's hand and led him to sit at the far end of the table, in the most isolated corner. 
The long dining table was crowded, and conversations became chaotic. People had to raise their voices to be heard across the room. Gavin and Selena sat at the very end, far from everyone else. 
Unfortunately, they were directly across from James and Kate, a pair known for their lack of tact. Kate leaned over, her curiosity piqued. "I heard your dad was killed by your mom and her lover? Is that true?" 
Selena's face darkened. 
Kate wasn't trying to embarrass her; she was just blunt and loved gossip. This time, she was genuinely curious. 
Selena lowered her head. "It's a misunderstanding." 
"A misunderstanding? I thought so. What kind of mistress would kill her own sugar daddy? That'd be the dumbest thing ever! People are spreading such crazy rumors these days," Kate said, shaking her head. 
Her words made Selena's eyes well up with tears. 
James chimed in, "Hey, don't cry. If it's a rumor, what's there to be upset about?" 
Selena said nothing, but inside she was fuming. These two never knew when to stop! 
Her hands trembled as she reached for her food. Whether it was from Fiona scaring her earlier or the anger these two provoked, she couldn't tell. Either way, she felt weak. 
What Selena didn't realize was that her advanced cancer was taking a toll on her body, slowly draining her strength. Her arms had become frail and thin. 
She managed to take a few bites of food, trying to ease the nausea. 
Gavin noticed and immediately poured her a glass of water. "Are you okay?" 
Tearing up again, Selena looked at him. "I'm fine, just a bit overwhelmed… I did live here once, you know…" 
Gavin sighed. 
Selena's eyes flicked toward the soup. "You should have some of the soup." 
"Alright." 
Gavin lifted the lid and took a look inside. 
Selena grabbed a spoon and sipped some herself. The fresh, milky broth tasted amazing, but what a shame… this delicious soup was destined to be Gavin's undoing. 
With that thought, she took another sip. 
Seeing her handle the soup without issue, Gavin felt reassured and took a few sips himself. 
Up at the other end of the table, Keira and Lewis were sitting close, chatting quietly. 
Keira asked, "I noticed you've installed a lot of new cameras around the house, even in the kitchen. What's up with that?" 
Lewis shrugged. "With Lion back in Crera, you never know. I'm just being cautious." 
Keira sighed, "Fair enough." 
She couldn't help but think it was overkill. Who installs so many cameras in their own home? 
Just as the thought crossed her mind, a retching sound came from the far end of the table.
###Chapter 780
780  Chapter 779 
The room fell silent as all eyes turned to the far end of the table, where Selena was holding her hand over her mouth, looking nauseous. 
Gavin leaned in, worried. "What's wrong?" 
Selena shook her head, unsure herself. 
Maybe it was the knowledge that the soup had been tampered with. After all, she knew what had been added. 
One shouldn't have felt anything—unless one had colon cancer. 
Confused, she glanced at Gavin. He'd had some of the soup, too. Shouldn't he be feeling it by now? 
Maybe the effects just hadn't kicked in yet. 
"I'm fine," she said with a forced smile. "You should have some more soup." 
Gavin seemed reassured and went back to his meal. 
Selena's condition had worsened, though the doctors had told her that cancer patients who remained unaware of their condition often lived longer—months, even years. 
It was psychological, they'd said, but in the end, it was just a temporary comfort. 
Gavin continued drinking his soup, his mind elsewhere, before absentmindedly reaching for some vegetables slathered in peanut sauce. 
Meanwhile, Selena set her utensils down and turned to Gavin. "I'm going to propose a toast to my aunt and uncle." 
Selena walked over to where Keira and Lewis were sitting. 
Holding up a glass of champagne, she smiled warmly. "Aunt Keera, Uncle Lewis, I know I've been a little out of line in the past. I just want to apologize and ask for your understanding. This toast is for you." 
She took a sip from her glass. 
Keira exchanged a look with Lewis, and with a slight nod, she raised her glass and took a small sip in acknowledgment. It was more for Gavin's sake than anything else. 
But Selena wasn't finished. "I know I've said some things that upset you earlier, Aunt Keera. That wasn't my intention. I just feel like the house is so empty these days. It got me thinking. I hope you don't take it the wrong way." 
Keira didn't know whawt to say. 
Why would she bring that up again? 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "And?" 
Selena smiled innocently. "I was just hoping you could ask Jake to stop by sometime. I'd like to talk to him and clear the air. I know there's been some misunderstandings between us, and since Jake listens to you more than anyone else, maybe you could help me mend things." 
On the surface, Selena's words were harmless, but they carried a hidden weight. 
Keira had history with Jake, and even though both of them had moved on, the complexities of their past were something everyone in the family was aware of. 
Jake had distanced himself by not moving back home, mainly to avoid any awkwardness. 
So for Selena to suggest that Jake was the one who listened to Keira the most? 
She was clearly playing a dangerous game, indicating that "Keera" was actually Keira 
Keira's eyes narrowed. Was Selena trying to provoke her? If so, she was doing a damn good job. Keira placed her glass on the table with a sharp thud. "I'm sorry, but I don't know Jake that well." 
"How can that be?" Selena feigned surprise. "Weren't you both in the same college? 
"He used to hang on your every word. If anyone could convince him, it would be you. You want our family to get along, don't you?" 
Keira thought, "What is this woman trying to pull?" 
She gave a short laugh. "What are you talking about? I grew up in Clance. How could I have gone to college with Jake?" 
Selena opened her mouth to say something more, but Lewis cut her off, his patience clearly wearing thin. "Selena, if you're not enjoying dinner, you can leave. No one here is stopping you." 
Selena froze, caught off guard by Lewis' sudden bluntness. 
Across the table, Ryan and Ellie shared a glance. They didn't know about Keira and Jake's history, but they could sense the tension in the room. 
Ellie, who already didn't like Selena, saw this as her just desserts. She was stirring the pot, and it seemed like Keira and Lewis were done playing nice. 
But Gavin? He was completely in the dark. 
Selena's eyes were already red, her head bowed, looking pitiful and like she'd been wronged. She glanced at Lewis, as if wanting to speak but not knowing what to say, and finally murmured, "Uncle Lewis, I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. I just thought… since Jake and I are family, all of us are family, we shouldn't be like this, with everyone ignoring me…" 
She dabbed at her tears. "I know I'm just the illegitimate child, but Dad's gone now, and Jake and I, we're still family, brother and sister by blood. I just said a few words, and if that bothered you, I won't say anything else…" 
Lewis looked straight at her, feeling a surge of irritation. 
If it weren't for the Cobb family backing her, he'd have gotten rid of this woman a long time ago. 
Now, though, she was buzzing around him like a fly, and it grated on him. He cut her off, "Then just don't." 
Selena froze, words catching in her throat. 
Gavin got to his feet, walked over to Selena, and put his arm around her, shielding her from the awkward stares. "Uncle Lewis, Aunt Keera, did Selena say something wrong? All she wants is for everyone to be on good terms. Sure, she's a child born out of wedlock, but that's not her fault. Didn't your ex-wife grow up under similar circumstances, Uncle Lewis? Are we really judging people by their origins in this day and age?" 
Gavin's outburst caught everyone by surprise. Keira and Lewis exchanged shocked glances, but before they could respond, Ryan spoke up, trying to diffuse the situation. 
 "Gavin, that's enough. This isn't the time." 
But Gavin wasn't having it. He shot a look at Selena, his face hardening. "Selena, we don't need to stay here if no one's willing to treat you with respect. Let's go." 
With that, he grabbed her hand and headed for the door, determination written all over his face. 
Gavin was still loyal to his family, but he wasn't going to let Selena be humiliated like this. 
As Selena allowed herself to be led out, the faintest smirk curled her lips. It was all going according to plan. 
Gavin would be out of the picture soon, thanks to the poison, and once that happened, things would really start falling into place. 
But just then, a sharp pain stabbed through her abdomen. Beads of sweat broke out on her forehead, and her smirk vanished, replaced with panic.
###Chapter 781
781  Chapter 780 
Selena felt a sudden chill, and a strong metallic taste rose to her throat. 
She forced down the nausea and held onto Gavin for support. 
Gavin steadied her, but then he blinked in confusion, feeling dizzy himself. 
He looked ahead, and in the next moment, he threw up. 
Gavin turned back toward the table and saw the culprit—there was a dish with peanut sauce, and in his distracted state, he had eaten it. 
He let out a frustrated chuckle. 
What was wrong with him today? 
He was allergic to peanuts, yet somehow, he'd let his guard down and eaten some. 
It must have been because he was so angry at how the Horton and Olsen families were treating Selena. 
Gavin understood that Selena had started the argument, and yes, he knew Kate and James weren't the sharpest tools in the shed, but he also sympathized with Selena. 
To him, her mother's affair was only her mother's fault. 
Selena was an illegitimate daughter, but she didn't do anything wrong. 
And Selena had always been so gentle and loving toward him. He didn't think his family should be this hostile toward her. 
As these thoughts swirled in his mind, Gavin's throat tightened like something was stuck in it. 
He coughed violently, his face turning red. Trembling, he fumbled for his allergy medication and was about to take it when Selena lunged at him. "Gavin! Gavin! What's happening to you?" Selena cried, her voice panicked. 
Ellie and Ryan quickly rushed over. 
"Gavin, are you okay?" Ellie asked, her concern genuine as she grabbed his other arm to steady him. 
Despite feeling terrible herself, Selena focused entirely on Gavin, ignoring her own discomfort. 
Gavin tried to shake his head, but no words came out. 
Tears welled up in Selena's eyes as she wailed, "Gavin, what's wrong? Don't leave me!" 
Ellie shot back, "Would you quit it? Stop acting like he's dying! Gavin's going to be fine!" 
Selena sobbed, "I want him to be okay too, but he started feeling like this after he had the soup. Is there something in it?" 
Ellie froze for a moment, unsure. 
Ryan, on the other hand, knew about Gavin's allergy, so he quickly went to the table, grabbed the bowl of soup, and tasted it. 
He didn't notice anything off… 
Erin, who had been munching on her steak the entire time, overheard the conversation and instinctively took a sip of the soup. Immediately, she spit it back into the bowl. "This soup has cassia powder in it." 
Keira raised an eyebrow, casting a suspicious glance at Selena. 
 She knew what cassia powder was, but most people here wouldn't. 
Like James, who asked, "What's that? Is it poison? I had some of that soup too! Am I gonna die?" 
Without missing a beat, Kate picked up her own bowl of soup and started chugging it down. 
James freaked out, grabbing her arm, "Kate, what are you doing?!" 
Her face was dead serious. "I'm dying with you!" 
James, with tears brimming in his eyes, gasped, "Kate, you're so stupid, but I love you!" 
Kate said, "You're so annoying, but we're meant to be together. We got engaged in the Freeman Sect!" 
Touched, James held her hands. "Kate..." 
Kate's expression softened as she locked eyes with him. "James…" 
The two gazed at each other with such intensity that Keira had to bite her lip to stifle a laugh, but Erin couldn't hold it in. Rolling her eyes, she was about to say something sarcastic when Charles gently nudged her arm. She swallowed her words. 
She couldn't snap at James—he was her future brother-in-law after all. 
As she rolled her eyes again, Erin muttered under her breath about how idiotic James and Kate were acting, then explained, "Relax, you two aren't gonna die." 
"Huh?" they both said in unison, turning to face her. 
"Why not?" 
Erin stared up at the ceiling. "Cassia powder's not lethal to normal people. It'll just mess up your stomach for a few days. You'll be fine after you eat some bland food for a while." 
Immediately, James and Kate lit up. "We're not dying!" 
Erin smirked. 
But Kate, still serious, pointed at Gavin, who was struggling with his symptoms. "Then what's wrong with him? He looks like he's dying." 
Ryan sighed, about to explain that Gavin was allergic to peanuts and had just eaten some peanut sauce by accident. He had taken his medication and would be okay in a bit. 
But before he could get the words out, Selena screamed, "It's because Gavin has cancer! He has colon cancer, and whatever's in that soup is deadly for him!" 
Selena's voice cracked as she whirled around to face Keira. "Aunt Keera, I know you hate me, but how could you do this to Gavin?!"
###Chapter 782
782  Chapter 781 
As soon as Selena said those words, the entire banquet hall fell into a stunned silence. 
Everyone turned to look at her in disbelief. Keira seemed completely taken aback. 
Even Keira froze in shock, while Ellie's eyes quickly filled with tears. 
"Gavin, you have cancer? When did this happen? Why didn't you tell me?" 
Tears rolled down her cheeks, harder than when she'd found out about Darien's betrayal. "How could this happen…?" 
Gavin wanted to reassure her, to tell her it wasn't true, but before he could get the words out, he bent over and vomited again. 
His peanut allergy had been treated quickly, so it wasn't too serious. After throwing up the rest of the peanut butter, he was already feeling a lot better. 
He couldn't speak, so Selena took the lead. "He was just diagnosed recently. Babe, you can't leave me. What will I do if something happens to you?" 
She turned to Ryan, grabbing his arm. "You have to stand up for him, Ryan!" 
Ryan shot her a cold look before glancing over at Keira and asking calmly, "Stand up for him against what?" 
"They knew about Gavin's condition," Selena insisted. "My uncle and aunt must've poisoned him on purpose! They're still mad because you wouldn't cooperate with them, so they're taking it out on Gavin. My poor husband... It's all my fault." 
As she sobbed, she felt the urge to vomit herself. 
What was going on today? 
Why did her stomach feel so unsettled? 
But Selena gritted her teeth and kept going. Her attention remained laser-focused on "Keera". All she wanted was for the Cobb and Horton families to completely fall out with each other. 
And when Gavin died, she'd still have Ryan backing her up, allowing her to stay with the Cobb family. 
Thinking of this, Selena's tears flowed even harder. 
Even Ellie turned to Keira in concern. "Keera, what's going on? Why was there something in the soup?" 
Keira sighed. "It wasn't me. That kind of stuff isn't something anyone would have just lying around the house. It's not like it's standard kitchen seasoning." 
Ellie nodded quickly. "You're right, I don't believe you'd do this." 
Selena cut in again, "Ellie, you can't believe her. If it wasn't her, who else could it be? This is the Horton house!" 
She stood up and pointed accusingly at Keira. "Uncle Lewis, ever since you married this woman, everything's been falling apart! Our family used to get along so well. We were like one big happy family, but ever since she stepped foot in this house, everything's been in chaos!" 
Lewis gave a cold laugh. "Get along well? Are you blind or just delusional? Since when have we ever been harmonious? Was it all the times I backed down and let the rest of the family get away with whatever they wanted? Is that your idea of peace?" 
Selena was taken aback but quickly rallied. "But we're family, aren't we? Family ties can't be broken! You used to let it slide before, so why not now?" 
Lewis found her words absurd. 
Did she really think that because he'd tolerated the chaos before, he had to endure it for the rest of his life? 
He glanced at Selena, finding himself at a loss for words. 
Seeing this, Selena turned back to Ryan, crying even harder. "Ryan, you have to fight for Gavin! He can't just die without anyone holding them accountable!" 
At that moment, Gavin finally finished vomiting. 
He looked over at Selena and said, "Selena, I'm fine…" 
"How can you say you're fine? You could've lived for a few more months, but now because of this, you might not make it through the night! This poison might be harmless to most people, but to someone with cancer, it's fatal! They did this on purpose—to frame me, to kill you, to cut off my ties to the Cobb family! Oh, Gavin…" 
Gavin listened to her sobbing and looked at her in confusion, unsure of what to say. 
He was already feeling better. 
The antihistamines had kicked in, the sensation of something stuck in his throat had faded, and even the itching was subsiding. 
But at this moment, he felt incredibly awkward. 
Should he say something? 
He wasn't even dead yet, but someone was already mourning for him. 
After a brief moment of disorientation, he finally spoke up. "Selena, I'm really okay…" 
"How could you be okay? Stop trying to comfort me. I've seen your hospital report!" Selena wiped away her tears, her voice full of sorrow. "Don't worry about me. I won't blame you for dragging me down… If you die, I won't go on living either! Gavin, don't leave me! If you do, what will happen to me? The Cobb family doesn't want me, and the Horton family is out to kill me. What am I going to do?" 
Gavin blinked. 
Watching her cry her heart out, he had no idea how to respond. 
Awkwardly, he reached out and patted her on the back, then gently pushed her away. "Stop crying. I'm really okay." 
Just as she was about to start up again, Gavin quickly cut in, "I don't have cancer!" 
Selena froze. "That can't be true! I saw the report!" 
With a deep sigh, Gavin finally clarified, "The person with cancer… is you."
###Chapter 783
783  Chapter 782 
Selena froze when she heard what Gavin said, staring at him in disbelief. "What did you just say?" 
Gavin quickly reached out to steady her. "I said, the one who has colon cancer... is you. Selena, where's the medication from the hospital? You have it on you, right? Come on, let me help you take it!" 
He frantically started rifling through her bag. 
Selena was stunned. "Gavin, what nonsense are you spouting? How could I have colon cancer? I'm perfectly healthy…" 
But before she could finish, the nausea she had barely suppressed surged back up. 
This time, she couldn't hold it in. She clutched her stomach and vomited violently. 
To make matters worse, her abdomen suddenly cramped with a sharp pain. Cold sweat broke out on her forehead. 
Colon cancer... 
Was it really her who had it all along? 
Selena grabbed Gavin's arm in panic. "Gavin, I don't want to die, please… please save me!" 
Gavin finally fished out the bottle of medication from her bag. "Selena, you'll be fine, don't worry. This is a special medicine. Even if you did ingest whatever that was, this will fix it!" 
With shaking hands, he unscrewed the bottle. 
Selena opened her mouth and swallowed the pill immediately. 
She was utterly terrified, her whole body trembling uncontrollably as fear gripped her heart. 
Was she really dying? 
Could she actually have cancer? 
No, no… she couldn't die. 
She couldn't die… 
But the more she tried to convince herself, the worse the pain in her abdomen grew. Grabbing onto Gavin, she cried out, "Gavin, it hurts so much, what should I do?" 
Gavin was just as panicked. He glanced at the bottle. "This is the special medicine. The doctor told me it would relieve the pain. Why isn't it working?" 
Selena followed his gaze, her eyes landing on the bottle. 
That medicine was meant for her? 
But wait… 
She had already sold that special medication at the hospital and replaced it with vitamins. 
This medicine was useless. 
Realizing this, Selena's panic escalated, and she tried to throw up what she had just swallowed. This time, she vomited something dark, tinged with blood. 
Gavin screamed, "Someone call an ambulance! Please, someone help her!" 
Erin quickly stepped forward and took hold of Selena's wrist, frowning deeply. 
"What's wrong with her?" Gavin asked anxiously. 
Erin spoke with calm authority. "I have something that could stabilize her, but…" 
She glanced at the bottle of special medication. "My remedy conflicts with this one. The pill she just took should have eased her pain already. Why didn't it work?" 
Selena's eyes widened in panic. 
She couldn't tell them! She had swapped the meds... 
But if she didn't, Erin wouldn't give her the medicine. 
As she hesitated, Gavin asked desperately, "Can I get her to a hospital in time?" 
Erin shook her head. "It's too late for that. Besides, if this special medicine can't help her, the hospital won't be able to do much either... This is strange. Her symptoms don't match up." 
Selena's fear got the better of her. "I didn't take the special medicine! Please, give me that medicine!" 
Erin stopped, startled. "You didn't take it?" 
Selena nodded frantically. 
But Gavin was confused. "Selena, you just took the medicine. Don't you remember?" 
Erin's voice was firm now. "My pill would be fatal if taken with the special medicine. If you did take it, you can't have this." 
Selena was petrified. "I swear I didn't! The pills in that bottle—they're vitamins!" 
Gavin blinked, his mind struggling to keep up. "What?" 
Selena pointed to the bottle, her voice trembling. "That bottle is full of vitamins!" 
Gavin opened it again and peered inside. Erin took the bottle and examined the pills herself before nodding. "They are vitamins. That's so strange. Why would you not take the medicine? Gavin got this special treatment for you—how could you let it go to waste?" 
Gavin stared at Selena in disbelief. 
Selena bit her lip. "I—I didn't want to spend the money. I thought I was fine. Gavin, I didn't know I was sick, so I switched it out for vitamins…" 
Gavin still couldn't wrap his head around it. He pulled her into his arms, his voice breaking. "How could you be so foolish? If something happened to you, what would I do with the money?" 
Selena sobbed against his chest, while Gavin's eyes filled with tears. 
Ryan and Ellie exchanged a look, both of them rising from their seats. 
Even Keira raised an eyebrow, her mind churning. 
Ryan's voice was calm but sharp as he said, "Didn't you just say you thought Gavin had colon cancer?" 
At that, Selena's crying abruptly stopped. 
Gavin, wide-eyed, looked up at Ryan, completely dumbfounded. 
Ryan didn't miss a beat. "Just a few minutes ago, you were yelling about how Gavin had cancer. Who was that medication meant for, then? Have you forgotten?" 
Selena froze, her mind racing as all eyes turned to her. Gavin stared at her, realization slowly dawning.
###Chapter 784
784  Chapter 783 
Selena was taken aback and quickly explained, "Gavin, don't listen to him! I didn't know you were sick. I just thought taking too many meds was bad for your health, so I switched them out with vitamins! I really didn't know." 
Gavin sighed in relief, looking over at Ryan. "Ryan, she didn't know." 
Ryan looked at his brother, usually so smart, always sharp when helping out at the company—why did he turn into a completely different person around this woman? 
He turned his gaze directly on Selena. "So when exactly did you find out that Gavin had colon cancer?" 
Selena immediately responded, "Yesterday, yeah, it was yesterday… I saw Gavin's medical report yesterday. I thought he was the one who was sick…" 
She looked at Gavin, voice desperate. "Honey, you have to believe me. Why was your name on that report?" 
Gavin sighed. "I didn't want you to get hurt, so I used my name to take you to your appointments." 
Selena's eyes filled with gratitude. "Honey, thank you for caring for me so much. You trust me, don't you?" 
Gavin looked over to Ryan again. "I believe Selena isn't the kind of person they're saying she is." 
Ryan took a deep breath. 
Just then, Keira spoke up, "If you only found out about your husband's cancer yesterday, then how would I have been trying to poison him with the soup for any reason? You're not making any sense…" 
Gavin frowned and looked at Selena, puzzled. "Yeah, Selena, I'm not sick, so there's no reason anyone would try to poison me." 
Selena was now clenching her fists in frustration. 
If she'd known it was her own cancer diagnosis, why on earth would she have poisoned herself, practically signing her own death warrant? 
She wanted to slap herself for this mess. 
Biting her lip, she looked at Gavin with a sudden realization. "Then it wasn't you they were trying to harm—it was me! They must have found out somehow that I had colon cancer, so they were trying to kill me!" 
Seeing Gavin's unsettled expression, Selena pressed further, "Honey, did they know I had cancer?" 
Gavin thought back to when Lewis and "Keera" first visited the Cobb family. 
Ryan had shown them Selena's medical report without hesitation, just to make it clear that the Cobb family wouldn't hold back. 
With Selena's limited time, they had to prioritize other things. 
Gavin turned to "Keera." "They knew…" 
Tears streamed down Selena's face. "Then they did this on purpose. They weren't trying to hurt you—they were trying to kill me! Honey, I know I've been an obstacle in their deal with the Cobb family. If they get rid of me, no one will stand in their way…" 
Selena glared at "Keera" and Lewis with pure hatred. 
If it weren't for them, she'd never be in this situation! 
She had cancer, barely any time left… 
She'd even looked it up after seeing Gavin's report. With the medicine she'd unknowingly taken, her time was even shorter… 
As she processed this, a strange calm washed over her. 
People often say that a person's final words are meant to be kind. 
But Selena wasn't that kind. She didn't want to die, and if she did, she certainly wouldn't go down without making it miserable for those still alive! 
She grabbed Gavin's arm with fervor. "Honey, it was them! They're the ones who've done this to me! You have to get justice for me!" 
Gavin shot up, glaring at "Keera". "Ms. Olsen, Selena's been apologizing to you all evening. Even if you can't forgive her, going this far is too much!" 
Keira scoffed, but Ryan spoke up. 
"Gavin, calm down. We still don't know who tampered with the medicine. There's no proof yet." 
Selena cut in, "Ryan, I know Ms. Olsen saved your life, and you want to repay her. It's fine. I'll die, and no one will stand in your way anymore…" 
She squeezed Gavin's hand. "Honey, I take it all back. Don't get revenge for me… Just go on with your life. I… I deserve this." 
Her mind was moving faster than ever, knowing just the right words to ignite Gavin's anger. 
And sure enough, Gavin grew even more furious, shaking off Ryan's grip. "Ryan! I get that you're grateful to her for saving you, but they killed my wife! They tried to kill Selena! I can't just sit here and ignore that… I can't let this go on!" 
He turned to "Keera." "I'm calling the police. I'm going to charge you with attempted murder!" 
Selena shook her head. "Don't call the police. They're still my uncle and aunt. My mom killed my dad by accident, and they've always hated me for it… It's better if I just die. It'll be a release for me, and maybe for you too. Honey, don't blame Ryan. Just… just forget about me!" 
The more Gavin listened, the more emotional he got, his eyes growing red. 
He glared at Ryan. "Ryan, I won't let this go! If you still want to be friends with the Olsens and the Hortons, I'll leave the Cobb family!" 
Tears were streaming down his face. "I can't stand to make nice with the people who killed my wife!" 
Selena smiled at his words. 
Even if she did die, she'd leave the Horton family with an enemy they couldn't simply dispose of, given Gavin's status in the Cobb family. 
Gavin might not be able to hurt "Keera" and Lewis directly, but he'd make their lives miserable, and they wouldn't be able to touch him! 
Selena was nearly ready to laugh out loud. 
But the next moment, Lewis spoke up slowly, "There are cameras in the kitchen. We'll know exactly who tampered with the food."
###Chapter 785
785  Chapter 784 
The moment Lewis spoke, everyone paused, clearly caught off guard. 
Ryan broke the silence. "Then please, Mr. Horton, could you pull up the surveillance footage?" 
With a wave of Lewis's hand, the butler immediately went to arrange it. 
Selena's eyes widened in disbelief as she looked back and forth between Lewis and Keira before she finally snapped, "You installed cameras in the house?" 
Keira nodded. "We did. There've been way too many things going missing around here lately. Cameras are just a precaution. And like right now, since nobody's sure what happened, let's see what the footage says." 
Selena bit her lip, her fists clenching. 
She was convinced that Keira and Lewis had to be bluffing. Who would put cameras in their own kitchen? 
Erin's gaze fell directly on Selena. "It's not too late to tell the truth right now. I might even let you have this pill so you can live a few more days." 
Selena let out a cold laugh. 
There's no way the kitchen cameras were real, she thought. If they were, why would Erin make an offer like that? 
She grabbed Gavin's arm. "Honey, why would I lie? Don't you believe me?" 
Gavin nodded immediately. "Of course, I trust you! Selena, you've always been so sweet and thoughtful. You've always wanted to make peace with Uncle Lewis and Aunt Keera. How could that be fake?" 
Turning to Lewis and Keira, he spoke with renewed anger. "You two better not be trying to frame Selena. She's already at death's door. Do you really think she'd lie to me?" 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a look but said nothing. 
Ryan stepped in, "Gavin, calm down." 
"Calm down? How could I possibly calm down?!" Gavin's voice rose to a near shout, his eyes reddening as he gestured toward Selena. "Look at her—my wife! She's dying, and you want me to sit quietly in the home of her would-be murderer? Ryan, I know you have your loyalty to Keera after she saved your life, but I... I need justice for my wife! I won't stand here and watch her suffer!" 
Ryan frowned, deep in thought. 
Ellie, glancing from Selena to Keira, chimed in, "Gavin, Ms. Olsen isn't like that. There's got to be some misunderstanding here…" 
"What misunderstanding?" Selena let out a bitter laugh. "I mean, I couldn't possibly poison myself, could I?" 
Just then, the butler returned, "Sir, the footage is ready." 
He handed a tablet to Lewis, who barely glanced at it before passing it to Gavin. "See for yourself." 
Gavin snatched it, taking one look before his eyes widened in shock. His gaze turned sharply to Selena. 
Seeing his expression, Selena asked anxiously, "Honey, what is it? There's no footage, right? They're just bluffing…" 
But Gavin handed her the tablet. "Selena, w-what is this?" 
One look at the footage, and Selena went blank, stunned beyond words. She turned to stare at Lewis in disbelief 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Told you. The cameras are real." 
Selena's mind spun. She had underestimated him! 
Her lip trembled as she suddenly threw her arms around Gavin's leg. "Honey, I... I just don't want to live anymore! They've driven me to this! I wanted to die here in the Cobbs' home so they'd pay for this. You have to help me!" 
Gavin stared down at her, speechless, a growing confusion on his face. 
Ryan's voice cut in, his tone calm, "But earlier, didn't you seem to think it was Gavin who had colon cancer?" 
Gavin looked over at Ryan, baffled. "Ryan, what are you saying? You mean…?" 
Ryan continued, "If you had colon cancer and were killed by poison in the Horton home, then yes, that would make things between the Cobbs and the Hortons very different." 
Taking a deep breath, Gavin turned to Selena, a new understanding dawning on him. "So at the hospital, when I asked you to pick up my medication, and you switched it with vitamins… You were saving money for yourself?" 
He looked at her intently. "Why, Selena? Just tell me—why would you do that?" 
Seeing there was no point in denying it anymore, Selena laughed bitterly, shoving Gavin away. "Why? You really want to know why? Fine. It's because I wanted you to help me get revenge. But you're a coward—you've never agreed to any of it! If you had, I wouldn't have gone through all of this trouble just to try to hurt you! And instead... I ended up hurting myself."
###Chapter 786
786  Chapter 785 
Gavin was completely dazed. 
He stared in shock at the woman he thought he knew—now crying uncontrollably, her face twisted in anger. Selena was nothing like the soft, gentle person he'd known. Her face was smeared with tears and smeared makeup, her usual warmth nowhere in sight. 
He'd never seen Selena like this. 
To him, she had always been calm, poised, and kind. She'd been his steady, kind-hearted wife, always supportive. 
He looked at her in disbelief. "Selena… did you ever love me?" 
Selena's sobs paused, and she looked up at him. For a moment, her expression was one of surprise, but then it turned to scorn. "Really, Gavin? At a time like this, with everything going on, that's what you want to know?" 
But Gavin's gaze stayed firm. "Yes, I want to know. Did you ever love me? Or was it just because I'm a Cobb?" 
Selena laughed bitterly. "What do you think? Did you imagine I was drawn to your charm? Or your money? Or maybe your talent? If you weren't a Cobb, Gavin, why on earth would I have been interested?" 
Gavin staggered, taking a step back as if the words themselves had pushed him. 
Selena glared at him. "I told you already—I'm just the daughter of some random nobody. Ever since I was young, I dreamed of coming back to the Horton family and being seen as a real Horton. But my father? Sure, he spoiled me with some gifts and attention, but he'd never give me a proper status in the family. No, because his SON—his son can carry on his legacy! But I don't matter. Just a daughter to be handed a bit of pocket money, that's it. It didn't matter how much I tried to prove myself!" 
Tears streaked down her face. "Why should Jake be better than me? Just because he's a boy?" 
Her voice broke as she buried her face in her hands. "So I swore that I'd show them, make them see my worth. I was going to make the Horton family beg to accept me back! You know how proud my father was when I told him I was dating someone from the Cobb family? Said he'd make sure I married back in as a 'Cobb daughter.' But then…" She shot a glare at Lewis. "Then Uncle Lewis had to come back and take over the Horton Group, and suddenly my father didn't think the Cobb family was such a big deal. And you, Gavin—you, what did you do for me then?" 
She turned on Gavin, seething. "I asked you to come home with me once—just once—to meet my parents, and you said the Cobb family likes to stay out of outside affairs, that your 'brother' wouldn't approve! What are you, Gavin? A grown man or some boy still taking orders from his big brother?" 
She turned on Gavin, seething. "I asked you to come home with me once—just once—to meet my parents, and you said the Cobb family likes to stay out of outside affairs, that your 'brother' wouldn't approve! What are you, Gavin? A grown man or some boy still taking orders from his big brother?" 
Gavin opened his mouth to explain, but his words failed him. "I… I…" 
Ryan spoke up, coming to Gavin's defense. "That's how the Cobb family operates. If you'd used Gavin's influence, he'd have been kicked out of the family. The Cobb family has always stood apart." 
"Standing apart? Give me a break," Selena spat, looking more disdainful than ever. 
Her crude tone shocked Gavin even further. He'd never seen her look so harsh. 
Ellie, unable to hold back, snapped, "Who do you think you're talking about? If my father intervened in anyone's business here, who could stop him? The higher you are, the more you have to shoulder the responsibility that comes with it. I've never taken advantage of my father's power for personal gain. Why should my brother have to?" 
Selena gave a mocking laugh. "So, what good are any of you to me? Gavin was never useful to me! How could there ever be love when he couldn't even help me?" 
Gavin clenched his jaw. "Selena, I never realized that's what you thought..." 
"Of course you didn't." She looked at him bitterly. "How could you know? You grew up in comfort, never doubting who you are, protected by the family name. No one ever looked down on you. You couldn't possibly understand what it feels like to be scorned, belittled, left out of what should have been yours." 
Selena let out a sharp laugh, bitterness still strong in her voice. "I've fought all my life for a place at that table, resented people all my life, and look at what it got me. Cancer. If you'd just told me I had cancer, Gavin…" 
Gavin looked down. "I didn't want you to go through that fear. The doctors said if I told you, it might… shorten your time." 
Selena's expression softened for a split second. Then she gave a defeated smile. "But maybe if you'd told me, I'd have made peace with it. Maybe I would have used these last days better. It took this diagnosis to make me realize just how little all those names and titles mattered in the end." 
She took a step forward and gripped his arm, looking at him with desperate eyes. "I don't want to die, Gavin. Please. You can save me, right?" 
Gavin blinked, stunned. "What… what could I possibly do?" 
Selena turned to Erin, her voice hopeful. "She has something that could help me hold on a bit longer. You could take me abroad for treatment, buy me just one more month. Just one month to live like none of this mattered. Please, Gavin…?" 
Following her gaze, Gavin turned to Erin, his eyes pleading. "Can you help? Can you give us the medicine?" 
Erin sighed and shook her head. 
Selena stumbled over to her, her tone turning frantic. "Why? Why won't you save me? I've confessed everything, every dark thought, every ambition… isn't that enough?" 
Erin sighed deeply. 
Selena turned desperately to Keira, then dropped to her knees before her. "Please, Aunt Keera, Uncle Lewis. I was wrong—I know I was wrong. I don't want to die. I want to live, please… let me live." 
Seeing her like that, Gavin slowly walked over and joined her, bowing deeply to Keira. "Mr. Horton, Ms. Olsen, please. Give her a chance. I'd spend the rest of my life repaying you if you'd just give her a chance to live."
###Chapter 787
787  Chapter 786 
Keira glanced over at Lewis, and then both looked at Erin. Erin shrugged and sighed. "Fine, fine, I'll be honest—I don't actually have any medicine!" 
Gavin and Selena just stared at her, dumbfounded. 
Erin popped one of the pills she'd taken out earlier into her mouth, chewing like it was candy. "These? They're beef jerky pellets. Honestly, that other stuff looked like vitamins, so I decided to mess with you." 
She batted her eyes innocently. 
Selena's expression shifted to pure rage. 
She'd told herself she wasn't afraid of death, hoping that by confessing her sins, Erin might take pity on her and hand over the medicine. But now? It turned out Erin had been lying the whole time! 
"You tricked me! You liar!" Selena screamed and lunged forward, her hands reaching as if to grab Erin. 
Before Erin could react, Charles quickly stepped in between them, blocking Selena's path. "What do you think you're doing? You've done nothing but hurt people and now you want to blame someone else? Don't even think about touching Erin!" 
Hiding behind Charles, Erin stuck out her tongue at Selena. "Serves you right! What's wrong with messing with you after you tried to manipulate everyone? Besides, if you'd taken your actual meds on time, you wouldn't be in this mess!" 
Selena's face twisted in fury. "If I'm going down, I'm taking you with me!" 
As she screamed, she suddenly coughed up a mouthful of dark blood and collapsed to the floor, gasping for breath and unable to speak. 
Erin stepped out from behind Charles, raising her hands in innocence. "Don't look at me when you're haunting people. I'm as innocent as it gets!" 
Then she patted Charles on the arm. "Charlie, I'm scared." 
Charles puffed up with protective energy, blocking the table with a serious look. "Don't worry, I'm here. 
"No, I mean, I don't want her blood getting on the table! I'm not even full yet!" 
"Right." Charles nodded, "I'll protect the table." 
With that, he carefully placed himself between Selena and the food. 
The others just stared in disbelief. 
Charles and Erin acted like they hadn't done anything unusual. Erin simply returned to the table, grabbed a drumstick, and munched on it cheerfully. "So good! Charlie, you're the best." 
Charles grinned, "As long as you're enjoying yourself." 
Selena could only watch in horror and anger, unable to form words as blood filled her mouth. She shot a pleading look at Gavin. 
But Gavin just stared back, his eyes full of regret. 
Ryan approached him, laying a hand on his shoulder. "This whole thing... it's on Selena, and it's not on anyone else." 
Gavin nodded slowly, a weak smile on his lips. "I know, Ryan. I wouldn't blame anyone else for this…" 
He'd been so blindsided by Selena's deception that he couldn't see the truth until now. Everything that had happened to her—she'd brought on herself. There was no one left to blame. 
He took a deep breath, bent down, and lifted her in his arms. "Come on. I'm taking you to the hospital." 
And with that, he carried her out, leaving behind a tense silence. 
The room soon returned to calm. The Hortons' housekeeper swiftly had the cleaning crew wipe up the blood, but there was still a faint lingering scent in the air. 
After airing out the room, nobody felt much like eating anymore. 
Except Erin, who happily kept snacking. 
Jenkins couldn't help but gawk at her. "Seriously? You're still eating?" 
She blinked at him innocently. "What's the big deal? Trust me, I've eaten beside a dead body before—when I was a doctor, mind you! With food this good, how could you even think about wasting it?" 
She looked over the food on the table, guilt flashing in her eyes. 
But she quickly resigned herself. Even as much as she could eat, there was no way she'd finish everything on the table. A shame, really. 
Keira watched her, eyebrows raised. Was this glutton really the legendary mastermind they'd all heard of? 
Only when she'd been toying with Selena had Keira glimpsed that side of her. The rest of the time, Erin came off as nothing more than a sweet, cheerful young woman. 
This was the exact reason why, when she'd first met her, she hadn't suspected Erin, despite the name South ringing all kinds of alarm bells. She was just… too good at playing the innocent. 
Keira could only shake her head. "Since we're all done here, maybe we should head out for some fresh air!" 
Everyone agreed and soon split off for some fun. 
As for Selena… 
Not one of them cared enough to ask how she was doing. After what she'd done, no one was interested in her fate. After vomiting up so much blood, it seemed pretty clear she wouldn't last long. 
But Keira wasn't about to play the hero. Selena had already gone too far; Keira couldn't waste any sympathy on her now. 
They all spent the rest of the day laughing, unwinding, and enjoying themselves until nightfall, when it was finally time to say their goodbyes. 
At the door, Ryan paused and looked at Keira. "Ms. Olsen, there's something I want to tell you." 
"What's that?" Keira asked. 
Lewis turned to listen too. 
Ryan lowered his voice. "I know who Lion is." 
The words hit Keira and Lewis like a shockwave. "Who?"
###Chapter 788
788  Chapter 787 
"Who's the Lion?" 
For the first time, Erin set down her drumsticks and pistachios, jumping up and down on the couch, eyes wide with curiosity. "Tell me, tell me!" Keira shared a quick glance with Lewis, and then they both looked at Erin. 
Keira waved her over. 
Erin's eyes lit up as she scrambled over, pressing her ear right up to Keira's mouth. 
Keira leaned in. "Ryan told me…" 
Erin's eyes brightened even more. "Come on, out with it! Do I need to clean my ears or something?" 
Keira smirked. "The phrase is 'I'm all ears,' and no, it doesn't mean literally." 
"Oh, oh, right! I'm all ears! Spill it already, I'm dying of curiosity!" Erin whispered. "You don't know how many times I've sparred with that Lion these past few years! I need to know who she is!" 
Keira raised a brow. "You're that curious?" 
Erin nodded furiously. "Yes, yes, yes!" 
"Alright, I'll tell you…" Keira dragged out the words, finally whispering, "It's a secret." 
Erin was dumbfounded. 
She froze, staring at Keira in disbelief. 
Her eyes widened in shock, and suddenly, like a cat with her fur puffed up, she looked ready to throttle Keira. "Ahhh! You're messing with me!" 
Keira raised a brow. "Yep." 
Erin's face turned red with frustration. "How could you keep this from me? I've shared all my secrets with you!" 
Keira looked at her calmly. "Really? Then tell me: what's the South family's secret? Where exactly is their headquarters?" 
Erin didn't know what to say. 
She was stumped, cheeks puffing as her chest heaved in frustration. Then, with a dramatic stomp, she turned and stormed off like a sulking child. "I'm not talking to you anymore!" 
Keira watched as she stomped toward the door but suddenly stopped in her tracks. Erin spun back, snatched the pistachios and chicken leg off the table, stomped again for effect, and declared, "I really mean it this time!" 
"Oh." 
Keira's response was perfectly calm. 
Erin was speechless. 
Her eyes reddened as she pouted and stormed out the door 
Lewis glanced over. "Is teasing her that much fun?" 
A smile touched Keira's lips. "She's such a sly little fox, always getting under everyone's skin. I wanted to see her squirm a bit, just this once…" 
Lewis chuckled. "I thought you trusted her enough to tell her everything by now." 
Keira's face grew thoughtful. "Trust her? She's a fox—a clever one at that. I'd never trust anyone that easily." 
Lewis nodded. "Hold on to that. The things you'll face soon might be dangerous, so remember to put yourself first." 
Keira looked at him, a bit taken aback. 
Lewis added, "When the time comes, Amy and I—we're both expendable." 
Keira frowned. "Did you find something? Are you hiding something?" 
Lewis shook his head. "No. I've only heard some things about the South family, and they're hardly saints. You're not one to get along with their kind. If the day ever comes where they use me or Amy to try to force you into something, don't give in." 
Keira's jaw clenched. 
She didn't know why he was saying this now, but a sense of urgency tightened around her as his words sank in. 
The South family had nine heiresses. 
The only known ones were Erin, who'd joined forces with Keira; Keera, her older sister, the Rabbit; and then the Lion, wandering somewhere within Crera. 
Beyond those three, there were five more scattered around the world, identities unknown… 
To win the South family inheritance and secure her mother Jodie's safety, she'd have to compete against these mysterious rivals. 
Just thinking about it felt like an enormous task. 
Keira leaned against Lewis' shoulder. "Amy must be happy in the Olsen family, right?" 
Lewis glanced down. "Your dad seems to like her a lot. He takes her with him every day, probably as a way to feel close to your sister." 
Since Keira had been busy, she'd left Amy—her late sister's only child—at the Olsen family home. 
Keira turned to Lewis again. "Do you think Ryan's intel on the Lion is reliable?" 
"No idea," Lewis said. "We'll have to look into it. Everything we have so far is from Ryan, after all." 
Keira nodded, but at that moment, her phone rang. 
She glanced at the screen and picked up casually. "Hey, Dad, what's up?" 
She and Uncle Olsen had gotten pretty relaxed with each other recently. 
But the next second, her father's serious voice came through. "Keira, there's a man here asking to see you." 
Keira paused. "Who is it?" 
"He says... he's Amy's biological father."
###Chapter 789
?789 Chapter 788
"Amy's biological dad? Wasn't that Howard?"
Amy was Keera's child with Howard.
Keira blinked, confused, and said, "I'll head over now."
Hanging up, she turned to Lewis, who immediately sensed something was up. "What's going on?"
"Someone's here saying he's Amy's biological father. I have no idea who... but I need to find out."
"I'm coming with you."
Keira nodded, and as the two were about to head out, Erin suddenly popped up at the door, holding her drumstick and pistachios. "I'm coming too!"
Once they were in the car, Erin peered over at Lewis with curiosity. "Mr. Horton, don't you have a job? Doesn't Horton Group, you know, need you?"
Lewis kept his eyes on the road, his tone calm. "Why? Do you have an issue with that, Ms. Martin?"
"No, no issues, just a thought! You know, if someone didn't know better, they might think Horton Group went under, with you hanging around like this," she muttered, then leaned toward Keira in the passenger seat. "Keira, just saying, you gotta find a man with some ambition, right? You want someone who'll make money and take care of you. Don't want to be stuck supporting him, right?"
Keira gave her a warning look. "Zip it."
"Fine, fine."
Erin sat back in the rear seat, busy cracking pistachios, munching happily.
Keira glanced at her in the rearview mirror. Erin was such a wild card, fearless but oddly obedient when Keira told her off, like she was compelled to listen.
Then Keira looked over at Lewis. She knew why he stuck so close-it was a reminder of that incident back in Oceanion, when she'd narrowly escaped a dangerous setup. Now, with everything so precarious, he was even less likely to leave her side.
Soon, they arrived at the Olsen family home.
They stepped out of the car and found Ellis and Mary standing near the doorway, looking somewhat uneasy.
Although they'd likely guessed at Keira's true identity, this visitor complicated things. If he was indeed Amy's father... then that meant he'd been Keera's partner. The situation felt awkward, to say the least.
Keira nodded at them both, then stepped into the living room.
Barely a second passed before a wave of gardenia perfume hit her, and suddenly, a man had wrapped her tightly in his arms.
Keira froze in place. Recovering, she quickly pushed the man away.
"Keera, I finally found you..."
There was a note of sadness in his voice that seemed to twist her heart unexpectedly. She took a closer look at him, and what she saw left her momentarily stunned. His face was strikingly beautiful-almost too flawless to be real. It was a kind of beauty that blurred the line between masculine and feminine. One look at him, and you'd think he stepped straight out of a magazine.
Keira and Lewis were both very attractive people, but even they paled in comparison to this stranger's ethereal appearance.
Lewis had that rugged, masculine appeal. Keira's beauty was bold and striking, with none of the reserve typical of Creran women.
But this man? His features were exquisitely fine, without a single flaw. He wore a fitted black suit, but he was so thin that it didn't quite sit right on him.
The black suit only made his porcelain-pale skin stand out more.
He wasn't sporting the usual short cut; his bangs partly obscured his eyes, and his hair was styled in a loose mullet, giving him a bit of an exotic look.
He was almost ghostly pale, his complexion almost sickly, which, along with his slight frame, made him look like a man who could be pushed over with just a nudge.
In fact, Keira had barely pushed him, and he staggered back a bit, clearly delicate.
But then...
Why was he looking at her with that wounded, reproachful expression, as if she'd done something unforgivable?
Keira stared, momentarily at a loss.
She wanted to ask who he was, but then she remembered she was supposed to be
Keera. Judging by his reaction, he knew her, or thought he did.
Before she could decide how to respond, Lewis had already stepped in beside her. "And who might you be? Isn't. Keera going to introduce us?"
Keira blinked, understanding that Lewis was buying her time to figure things out, so she stayed quiet.
Sure enough, the man hesitated, then finally spoke. "I'm her boyfriend. She may not have mentioned me, but my name's Sean South Church."
Keira and Lewis both froze.
Lewis frowned. "Sean South Church?"
"Yes. Church is my last name. I chose South as my middle name after meeting Keera. I wanted something to suit her culture."
He looked at her with an almost heart-wrenching intensity. "Keera, I've been looking for you for so long. Do you like my new name?"
###Chapter 790
790  Chapter 789 
Keira stared at Sean Church, at a complete loss for words. 
After a pause, she managed to ask, "Why are you here?" 
"I came to find you—and my daughter, Amy." 
Sean looked past her to Amy, who had been staying at the Olsen residence and, with time, had lost the timid look she once wore. She looked healthier, chubbier even. When she saw everyone's eyes on her, she shyly called out, "Mommy…" in her sweet, little voice. 
Keira went over and patted her head, keeping her expression calm. She couldn't let on that she wasn't really "Keera," and she hadn't figured out Sean's intentions yet either. 
While she mulled things over, Lewis had already stepped forward and faced Sean. "Mr. Church, Keera is now my fiancée. She's been married once before, so I'd like to know—how exactly do you two now each other?" 
This was exactly the question Keira had wanted to ask. She gave Lewis an approving glance, mentally giving him a thumbs up. This guy could read her mind. 
Remaining silent, she hoisted Amy into her arms, listening intently. 
After a pause, Sean responded, "If Keera didn't tell you, then it's probably not my place to say." 
He looked at her then, with a gaze so sad that it almost made Keira feel guilty, as if she'd done him some great wrong. 
She hesitated, then carefully said, "I'm married now, Sean. You shouldn't have come looking for me." 
Sean's expression shifted, and he took a step closer, but before he could say anything, he broke into a cough. His body shook, his coughs hollow and painful, like someone who'd been fragile all his life. 
Keira felt her heart skip. He really did look like some tragic, delicate figure out of a painting. For a split second, she even felt she'd gone too far. 
Sean finally managed to catch his breath. "Keera," he began softly, "I know I messed up. That's why you left me, but there were reasons…" 
Keira was caught off guard. "So, what exactly are you here for?" she asked, her voice sharper than she'd meant. 
Sean glanced at her with hurt in his eyes, as if he wanted to say something but couldn't bring himself to. "I heard you divorced and are now engaged, so… I came here to take Amy." 
Keira immediately became defensive. Given the strange interest her allies—Erin and Lion—had shown in Amy, she was on high alert. She didn't know exactly why Amy was a person of interest, but she had her suspicions. 
Nine heiresses to inherit the five major families, and few had children yet… Could it be that everyone wanted a successor? 
She met Sean's gaze, her tone cold. "Amy is my daughter. I'm not letting you take her." 
Sean let out a sigh, his tone full of unspoken pain. "Keera, do you really despise me this much?" 
Keira blinked. "Excuse me?" What was with the sudden melodrama? 
Before she could figure out a response, Sean lowered his gaze, looking both wounded and dejected. "Can't we just go back to how things were?" he asked quietly. 
Keira studied him, choosing her words carefully. Every response felt like walking a tightrope; one wrong step, and her cover could blow. She pressed her lips together and gave a meaningful look at Lewis. 
Without missing a beat, Lewis stepped in. "Keera is set to marry me soon. Mr. Church, I suggest you keep your distance." 
Sean looked over at him, his face conflicted. "But Keera and I…" he began, voice filled with emotion. "We were together for years. She was the love of my life. She even had my child. The only reason she married someone else was to spite me…" 
His pleading eyes met Keira's. "Keera, can't you forgive me? I know I was wrong." 
Keira frowned. "I'm sorry, but that's all in the past. I only want to move forward now." 
Sean shook his head, visibly pained. "But I can't move on. I'm trapped in the memories we shared, Keera. You can't just throw me away like this…" 
His voice broke, and he coughed again, clutching his chest as he tried to steady himself. He swayed on his feet, looking even more fragile than before. The man beside him, likely his bodyguard, quickly supported him and guided him to the sofa, carefully placing a pill in his mouth. 
The bodyguard gave a slight bow to those in the room. "Apologies, everyone. My… Mr. Church has had a heart condition since childhood and can't be subjected to stress." 
The bodyguard turned to Keira, saying, "Miss Olsen, please forgive Mr. Church. Ever since you left, he's hardly been able to eat or sleep. He's come all this way to find you…" 
Just then, Erin, who'd mysteriously disappeared earlier, came back in. She gave Keira a wink and handed her a DNA report. 
Earlier, while Sean had embraced her, Keira had managed to pull a strand of his hair and passed it to Erin. 
Working together as much as they had lately, Erin had caught on instantly and took off to run the test. She'd missed the first round of drama, but she seemed eager to catch up now, her eyes darting around curiously as if she was waiting for someone to fill her in. 
Keira ignored Erin's excitement, focused on the report in her hands. As she scanned it, her eyes widened slightly.
###Chapter 791
791  Chapter 790 
Keira glanced down at the DNA results, her face showing a flicker of surprise. She looked back at Sean Church, the confusion in her eyes growing. 
Sean still had that sad, almost helpless look, and it suddenly put her on high alert. Glancing around the room, she signaled to Erin. 
"Take Amy with you," she said calmly. 
Erin looked indignant. She hadn't even managed to enjoy the drama before getting asked to leave again. Just as she was about to protest, Keira added, "I trust only you to keep her safe." 
Erin's face lit up with a grin. "Oh, that's different," she replied, happily picking up Amy. "Come on, Amy, come and have some fun with Auntie Erin." 
As they headed upstairs, Erin coaxed, "I have candy for you!" 
Amy shook her head sweetly. "Amy doesn't eat candy. Candy makes your teeth fall out." 
"Oh, you're still young! Even if your teeth fall out, you'll get new ones. What's life worth if you don't enjoy it a little?" Erin said, her voice fading as she disappeared down the hall. 
Turning back, Keira gestured for Uncle Olsen to clear the room. He waved, and everyone—staff and family members alike—filed out until they were alone. Uncle Olsen paused, raising an eyebrow at her. 
"Do I need to go too?" 
Keira shook her head. "No, you can stay." 
Suddenly, she was in front of Sean like a ghost, her movements swift and silent. "Hey!" Sean's bodyguard cried, but Lewis had him restrained before he could react. Keira gripped Sean's arm, taking note of his frail build and lack of muscle. 
She felt his pulse. Weak. Hardly any strength. This man didn't seem to have a fighter's training, either. 
"You're not Amy's father," she said, eyes narrowing. "Who are you, really?" 
Sean let out a soft chuckle, his face lighting up in a way that momentarily made the dim room seem almost bright. Twilight had settled, casting a dark hue, yet his mischievous smile brought a strange glimmer to the room. 
His expression only made Keira more guarded. Tightening her hold on his arm, she demanded again, "Speak. Who are you?" 
Sean smiled, unfazed by her grip. "A moment ago, you were saying you wouldn't forgive me. And now, you don't even recognize me?" 
"Are you testing me?" Keira asked, her voice sharp. 
"Sure am," Sean replied, chuckling. "Just checking if you're really Keera." 
Keira's jaw clenched. "Why?" 
"Because I've been looking for you." 
His gaze met hers, surprisingly earnest. "Keira, back in Oceanion, they said you'd died. And yet here I find Lewis Horton, who was supposedly heartbroken over you, clinging to Clance with no intention of ever leaving. So I came to see for myself just who could be holding him here. And here you are, alive. You're alive!" Sean's voice cracked, and he suddenly grasped her arm with his other hand. "Do you know what this means to me, Keira? If you'd died, do you have any idea what that would've done to me?" 
Keira studied him, taken aback. There was no sign of pretense 
But… 
"Who are you, really?" she asked, a trace of anger slipping into her voice. "I don't know you at all." 
Sean's expression fell slightly, the playful glint in his eyes gone. "You don't remember me?" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Lewis, still holding Sean's guard at bay, frowned, his own wariness growing. Moments ago, Sean had been here for Keera. But now… he was after Keira? 
No way would he let this stand. 
###Chapter 792
792  Chapter 791 
Lewis shot Sean a sharp look, his brows knitting in clear displeasure. A wave of tension swept over him. 
Keira studied Sean thoughtfully. With his good looks, she'd definitely remember if she'd seen him before. 
Just as she was thinking, Sean spoke up, "Fragrance Hall, Room 5." 
Keira's eyes widened, surprise clear on her face. She looked Sean up and down before letting go of his arm. 
The moment she released him, Sean coughed a bit, and Lewis reluctantly let go of Sean's guard, who rushed over to his boss. "Are you okay, sir?" 
Sean waved him off, exhausted, and sank into the sofa. 
Lewis turned to Keira, puzzled. "You know him?" 
Keira looked Sean over again. "Are you…the 'Church' from Room 5?" 
Sean's eyes lit up, and he gave a small smile. "That's me." 
Keira didn't say anything, but Lewis cleared his throat, wanting answers. "Who is he exactly?" 
Keira hadn't answered yet when Sean's assistant launched into an enthusiastic explanation. "Our boss here has had a rare eating disorder since childhood. He doesn't enjoy eating anything, so he's always been terribly underweight. Five years ago, he came across this special chef in Oceanion at Fragrance Hall who made a meal he could actually eat. Finally, he found food he could keep down! Since then, he's traveled weekly to eat there, slowly gaining some weight. He even managed to get up to 120 pounds! But four months ago, that chef mysteriously disappeared." 
The assistant looked pleadingly at Keira. "We asked everyone at Fragrance Hall about the chef, but nobody would tell us a thing. Then we learned, sadly, that the chef, Mrs. Horton…had passed away four months ago. Our boss was devastated. Without those meals, he knew he'd wither away again." 
"So, we decided to come here and see if there were any leftover recipes, some magical ingredient or something that Mrs. Horton left behind. Then we heard Mr. Horton was so deeply in love he didn't even believe she was really gone, and instead of returning to Oceanion, he'd moved here to Clance. We guessed that if he'd left everything behind, someone must be here who meant a lot to him. And that someone must know the recipes." 
"So we tracked him here. But Mr. Horton is so private—it took forever to find out where he was staying. We only got a hint when some incident at the Horton family estate hit the news. Then we saw you, Ms. Olsen, and heard of the engagement to Keera Olsen. The name Keera sounds an awful lot like Keira, so we just had to come here and find out. We needed to know—are you her?" 
After finishing his story, the assistant hid behind Sean, looking nervous. Sean took a deep breath, glanced at Keira, and said, "Ms. Olsen, I'm sorry for the intrusion, but…I really didn't know what else to do." 
He caught his breath and continued, "I haven't had a proper meal in four months. If this keeps up, I won't last much longer. I just need you to confirm it's you…and, well, ask for just one more meal." 
The assistant clasped his hands, almost bowing. "Please, Ms. Olsen, help our young master! These past months, he's dropped back down to barely a hundred pounds. Look at him—he's skin and bones, like he could be swept away by a breeze!" 
Keira studied Sean carefully. 
Yes, she did recall a certain "Church" who used to book that room, paying a small fortune each week for a single meal. She'd even made a point to cook for him herself despite her busy schedule. Eventually, that turned into a tradition. Word got out, and her cooking became wildly popular, especially since she only prepared two meals a week. One was reserved for Sean, and the other went up for sale, fetching an impressive price. 
Back then, he'd been so thin, she couldn't believe he was even standing. The face now before her, though still thin, was remarkably handsome. 
Just as she was admiring his transformation, Lewis stepped between them with a loud cough. "You mean to tell me… you went through all this trouble just for a meal?" 
Sean nodded vigorously. "Yes, yes! Actually, Ms. Olsen, I was inspired by you! It was your cooking that gave me a second chance at life. I'll never forget you." 
Keira fought a smile and waved him off. "No need to be so dramatic." 
"No, really." Sean let out a long sigh. "Ms. Olsen, without your food, I can barely survive. So…is it too much to ask if I could come by just once a week for a meal?" 
Lewis's expression darkened. 
Sean tried a different tack. "Or maybe twice a month?" 
Lewis's frown deepened. 
Sean looked desperate. "Once a month then! I can't go any longer than that. My body just can't take it!" 
Lewis scowled in silence. 
Keira sighed, glancing between the two men. What in the world should she do now? 
Lewis squinted suspiciously. "Are you really here…just for a meal?"
###Chapter 793
793  Chapter 792 
Sean sighed, looking at Lewis with a calm, almost genteel expression. "Mr. Horton, I get it, truly. I know this might annoy you, but I really, truly am just here for a meal." 
He then turned to Keira. "Ms. Olsen, if I had any other intentions, I would have pursued you back in Oceanion. Besides, I've gone from being an eighty-pound skeleton to a whole 120 pounds because of your cooking—you should know me better than anyone." 
Keira blinked. "I… practically raised him." 
The way he put it sounded odd to her somehow. She frowned, considering. "Once a week, like before. Just like Oceanion. But, I'll be heading out of town soon, so I may not have time to cook." 
Sean's assistant jumped in, "Ms. Olsen, are you going somewhere? We could tag along! Without you, our young master will starve to death!" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Lewis scowled, not liking the way this sounded one bit. A strange tension settled in his chest. He had a little sense of urgency here. 
Sure, Ryan Cobb had a thing for Keira, but Lewis had never been bothered. Ryan, with his praying beads and all, was practically monk-like and clearly had no intention of breaking his celibate streak. But Sean—thin, meek Sean—was giving him an actual feeling of unease. 
Lewis cleared his throat, drawing Keira's gaze. She looked back to Sean. "Couldn't your family send a chef to train under me?" 
Sean's assistant sighed. "Ms. Olsen, we've tried. We sent more than one chef to work with you, but, well, the results were lacking. Even when they follow your methods precisely, something's just missing. Our young master has the palate of a hound, so he can tell right away when it's just not right—makes him sick even…" 
Sean gave him a calm side-eye. 
The assistant clammed up. "My mistake. Of course, you're not a dog, sir. Your sense of taste is just more sensitive…than any dog could ever be." 
Sean shook his head and turned back to Keira. "I know this is an imposition. How about this: if you ever need anything, I'm at your service." 
The assistant immediately chirped in, "Ms. Olsen, that's a big promise. Our young master here is known to be the smartest man alive! Genius-level IQ. It's said that if it weren't for his illness, he'd have solved world hunger by now. You need any help, he's your guy." 
Sean cut him off with a pointed cough. "Maybe talk a bit less." 
The assistant promptly zipped it, looking sheepish. Sean met Keira's eyes. "But he's not wrong. You saved my life. If there's ever anything you need, just ask." 
Keira gave a small nod, considering him. "Alright." 
Sean stood, looking like he wanted to bow in gratitude, but the moment he rose, his legs wobbled, and he nearly collapsed. 
Keira watched him with concern. "You look half-starved. I'll go make you something." 
Sean gave a grateful nod. "I'd appreciate it, Ms. Olsen." 
As she headed into the kitchen, Lewis trailed after her, voice tinged with barely disguised jealousy. "Are you two…close?" 
Keira coughed lightly, gathering her thoughts. "Actually, he's been a big help to me over the years. You could say he's one of my oldest regulars." 
Lewis raised a brow. "How so?" 
Keira smiled slightly. "When I left my family, I had to work to get by, and eventually, I trained at this little restaurant and got the hang of things in the kitchen. After the place ran into financial trouble, I scraped together what I could and took it over, but business was slow. Sean was one of our few regulars who'd pay generously for each meal, basically covering a day's revenue with every order. He kept us afloat. Eventually, the restaurant took off, and though I was planning to retire from the kitchen, I kept up that weekly meal tradition just for him." 
Sean had been the lifeline that pulled her restaurant through its roughest patches, and she'd never forgotten that. Even after becoming known as a culinary talent, she continued making that weekly meal for him. 
Lewis nodded thoughtfully, then asked, "Was it his looks that got you cooking for him in the first place?" 
Keira rolled her eyes. "He was barely eighty pounds when I first met him. Imagine—a grown man over six feet tall, yet frail as a skeleton. Sure, his face was the same, but at that weight, he looked more like a specter. I couldn't have imagined he'd fill out to look so…presentable. Besides, we haven't even seen each other in ages, so get over it, okay?"
###Chapter 794
794  Chapter 793 
Keira and Lewis had been through so much together that, in a way, they felt like an old married couple. 
Knowing Lewis wouldn't interfere with her decisions, she took a few extra moments to explain why she was willing to help Sean. 
As they talked, she prepared three dishes and a soup. Then, she checked the steamed rice, finding it wasn't quite how Sean liked it, so she whipped up some fried rice instead. 
There was no helping it—someone else had steamed the rice, and the water-to-rice ratio wasn't to Sean's taste. After so many years cooking for him in Oceanion, she knew his preferences well. 
Lewis watched her, finally unable to hold back a question. "Do you even know what I like to eat?" 
Keira rolled her eyes. "Back then, he was my one big customer, so of course I paid attention. Over time, I realized he preferred every dish to be cooked in just the right way. But you... could you really taste if I changed the water a little?" 
Lewis scratched his nose, at a loss. Truthfully, he couldn't. Despite his privileged upbringing, life in the Horton family had been tough; any meal was better than none, so he never got too picky. 
He glanced toward the living room. "Honestly, this guy is fussy." 
"Enough," Keira shot him a glare. "It's an illness." 
"Sure, but I still think he's sharper than he lets on. Be careful around him." 
Keira raised a brow. "You think he's really that smart?" 
Lewis nodded. "He's good at manipulating people. He has his assistant say all the provocative stuff, then acts weak himself. He knows people's personalities too well." 
Keira nudged him. "Well, why hasn't he manipulated you, then?" 
He caught her hand with a slight grin. "Ever thought that maybe... he doesn't care about me? He knows I'll listen to you, so he only needs to win you over." 
Keira blinked, then Lewis pulled her closer, his arms wrapped around her waist. "He knows I trust you, so he's making a play for your sympathy." 
Keira frowned. 
Then, Lewis pressed a quick kiss to her lips. "But I'm not insecure. If he's coming around, we'll just keep an eye on him." 
Keira nodded. 
She loaded the dishes onto a tray and was about to pick it up when Lewis stepped forward, taking it himself before heading to the living room. 
Keira paused, amused. Even when he was feeling possessive, he still helped her with the food... 
She followed him out to the dining area, where Sean was already seated, with his assistant by his side, slowly picking at the food. 
The way Sean ate didn't express enjoyment; he looked like he was going through the motions, almost like he was working. Eating seemed to be a struggle for him, but he managed it, one bite at a time, without turning anything away. 
His assistant was nearly in tears, watching him eat. "Oh my God, you're a miracle worker, Ms. Olsen! You don't know how much you've helped him. These past four months, we've tried chefs from all over the world, and he couldn't stomach anything!" 
Keira was speechless. Was it really that bad? 
She offered a sheepish smile. "Well, then I guess Sean can come over for a meal once a week. I'll be around to cook." 
"Oh, thank you!" The assistant wiped his eyes, beaming at Sean. 
Under everyone's watchful gaze, Sean managed to finish his meal. 
Keira had kept the portions small, knowing Sean hadn't had a full meal in ages. Eating too much all at once would likely hurt his stomach. 
Gradually, a bit of color returned to his face. He dabbed his mouth with a napkin, then looked at Keira. "Thank you, Ms. Olsen. Four months away, and your cooking has only gotten better." 
"Probably," Keira replied lightly. 
After all, she'd been cooking for Amy every day at Howard's place when she first arrived in Clance. 
Finally, Sean had enough strength to stand. "It was presumptuous of me to come today unannounced. Please accept my apologies." 
Keira didn't appreciate his approach, but she understood why he wouldn't have admitted he came for her help outright. 
She waved it off, indicating bygones were bygones. 
Besides, Sean's visit had reminded her to be more cautious. If a stranger approached her again, she'd be ready. 
Sean didn't linger on formalities. "Since I've taken your time and meal, I'd feel it's cheap to repay you with money. If you ever need anything, feel free to reach out." 
He looked to his assistant. "Let's go." 
Lewis and Keira walked them to the door. 
"Where's Mr. Church staying?" Lewis asked. 
Sean smiled. "At the Four Seasons for now. Tomorrow, I'll find a place to settle down here." 
Casually moving into Clance as if it were nothing... he clearly wasn't ordinary. 
Lewis nodded. 
Keira watched as Sean climbed into his car. As it drove off, she turned to Lewis. "This guy seems to have a story." 
Lewis nodded. "Glad you noticed. I'll have Tom look into it." 
"Sounds good." Keira smiled, then headed back inside. 
She'd only gone a few steps when her phone chimed. 
She checked the screen, and her expression shifted. 
Lewis noticed. "What's wrong?" 
Keira's lips tightened as she answered, "I had Howard and Amy take a DNA test—Amy's biological father just showed up, and I wanted to be sure." 
"And?" 
Keira's face grew serious. "They're not related. He's not her father."
###Chapter 795
795  Chapter 794 
Keira had actually secretly done a DNA test on Howard and Amy after realizing Howard's shady behavior. Back then, though, the results came back showing they were indeed father and daughter. 
It wasn't until later, after Ellis's diagnosis with infertility, that Keira understood that people could tamper with medical reports. She eventually found out it was Erin who was behind it. With Erin's influence in the medical world, it wasn't so surprising. 
So when she heard today that Amy's biological father was knocking at their door, she couldn't shake the feeling that it might be true and had someone immediately conduct a new DNA test. To her surprise, the results showed that not only was Sean Church not Amy's father, but Howard wasn't either. Amy had always resembled both Keira and her sister, Keera; it was obvious to anyone that Amy was Keera's child. Yet now, it seemed like her biological father's identity had become a mystery. 
In that moment, Keira couldn't help but wonder if her sister might not be as innocent or naive as she'd always appeared. 
Noticing Keira's conflicted look, Lewis asked, "Are you worried Amy's real father might actually show up?" 
Keira nodded, her voice soft. "I'm just concerned that if something comes up in the future, it might endanger my mother if my identity gets exposed." 
Lewis gave her a steady look. "There's no use in worrying too far ahead. Let's focus on what's in front of us—one step at a time, right?" 
His words lifted a weight from Keira's chest. She'd been so burdened with concerns over her mother's safety that she'd convinced herself she had to maintain this role for her sister. But maybe, as long as she was trying her best, there was no point in stressing about things that hadn't even happened yet. 
She nodded, feeling a bit of calm settle over her. 
When they headed upstairs to their room, they found Erin sitting with Amy, the two of them surrounded by snacks. Erin had emptied her bag of treats and was dividing everything up with the utmost seriousness. "These two pieces of candy are yours, these two are mine, this bag of pistachios is mine, and…well, this one's a bit big for you, so I'll eat it instead, okay?" Erin said with a grin. 
Watching them, Keira couldn't help but smile. 
Amy turned at the sound of the door opening, then immediately ran over and hugged Keira's leg. "Mom!" 
She paused, looking over at Lewis, hesitated for a moment, then blurted, "Dad!" 
Lewis raised an eyebrow, glancing at Keira. 
Keira looked just as surprised. "What did you call him?" 
"Dad." Amy's little voice was filled with such innocence it made Keira's heart melt a little. It softened Lewis, too. He bent down, lifting her up in his arms. 
Seeing Lewis, this tall, strong man, holding Amy so gently, Keira felt like she was seeing happiness in a tangible form for the first time. 
In the end, Amy stayed with the Olsen family. 
Uncle Olsen personally ensured her safety, and since the poisoning incident, the entire staff had been re-screened thoroughly to confirm there were no issues among the servants and security. The Olsen house had turned into something of a fortress, with tight controls on who came and went, ensuring no one could sneak in to try to take Amy away. 
Keira and Lewis decided to stay at the Olsen house instead of returning to their place. Normally, a newlywed couple would relish having a place to themselves, but Amy's bright calls of "Mom" and "Dad" stirred something protective in both of them. They wanted to be there for her. 
Since they weren't returning home, Erin, naturally, made herself at home at the Olsen house too. 
And so, that night… 
"Ah!" Charles shouted as he opened the door to his room, fresh out of a shower and ready to collapse into bed. He hadn't expected to find Erin sleeping peacefully under his covers. 
She blinked her sleepy eyes, gazing at him in confusion. "What's the shouting for, Charlie?" 
"You—you—you…" he stammered, lost for words. 
Erin patted the spot beside her. "I'm staying at the Olsen house, so obviously, I'm sleeping in your room. The other rooms are just too small, you know?" 
The Olsens' large family still lived in this building together, with each floor containing a couple of suites. Although there were several guest rooms, they were on the smaller side. Upon hearing this, Erin had swiftly claimed Charles's room as her own, saying her stash of snacks needed space. 
For Charles, though, a shy college student who could barely hold hands without blushing, seeing Erin in his bed was more than he could handle. 
Swallowing hard, he ran off to find a guest room to sleep in instead. 
But his thoughts were far from peaceful. All night, his mind swirled with images of Erin's mischievous smile, her soft fragrance lingering in the room… 
But even in the guest room, Charles couldn't calm down. His mind kept drifting back to Erin's playful expression and the lingering hint of her perfume. Her presence was like a spell he couldn't shake, keeping him wide awake. 
Hours passed, and just as he was finally beginning to drift off, he heard a door open down the hall. 
Charles frowned, unsure of what was going on, and stepped out to investigate—only to be completely stunned by what he saw...
###Chapter 796
796  Chapter 795 
Charles cracked open his door just a bit, watching as a sneaky figure slipped into the guest room next door. 
Wait—wasn't that Peter? 
Groggy and confused, Charles wondered what Peter was doing, sneaking into the guest room instead of staying in his own. 
Curious, he stepped closer, pressing his ear to the door. Voices trickled through. 
A girl's surprised gasp: "Peter, what are you doing?" 
It was Jenkins. 
Then came Peter's low, creepy chuckle. "What do you think I'm doing in the middle of the night? Jenkins, we're together now—no need to tiptoe around anymore…" 
Jenkins sounded alarmed. "No, wait, I—" 
Her protest was quickly muffled, followed by a soft thud as if someone had been tossed onto the bed. 
Peter released her, and Jenkins spoke up again, sounding indignant. "This is the Olsen house, Peter! You're not scared at all? What if someone catches us?" 
"You're my girlfriend. Why does it matter if anyone finds out? Besides, this isn't the first time…we've already done it at your place, remember?" 
"Stop—don't say that…" 
From the sound of it, she was embarrassed and had covered his mouth. 
But Peter, emboldened, clearly wasn't about to hold back now. 
Soon, noises that really weren't for young ears drifted from the room. 
Charles's face turned crimson as he quickly straightened up. He'd suspected something between Peter and Jenkins, but knowing they'd already gone that far—now, that was unexpected. 
A playful voice beside him broke his thoughts. "Peter sure has guts, doesn't he?" 
Without thinking, Charles gave a little nod, barely realizing he'd done it. 
Oh, he definitely did. 
The guest room had thinner walls than theirs, and now, the noise level from inside made it clear Peter was putting in quite an effort. 
Charles tsked in disbelief. Just as he was about to turn away, he suddenly froze, meeting Erin's wide, curious eyes. 
He stumbled back a few steps, stammering, "What…what are you doing here?" 
Erin had her ear to the door, listening with wide-eyed fascination. "How far along do you think they are? Clothes off yet?" 
Charles felt his face burn hotter. "What's with you? You're a girl—don't you know any shame?" 
Erin just shrugged. "It's a normal, healthy thing. What's there to be embarrassed about?" 
Then she looked at him more closely. "Or don't you want to?" 
Charles's face turned even redder. Growing up abroad, Erin had always been open-minded. To her, these things were just…normal. 
But Charles was still innocent when it came to this stuff. 
He'd devoted himself to science for so long, and the most he'd ever done was kiss her. Beyond that? This was a whole new realm. 
Looking at her helplessly, he took her by the shoulders and gently pushed her back towards his room. "It's late. Go to bed already. Stop causing trouble." 
"I wasn't causing trouble—I was looking for you. Don't you really have that kind of need?" 
Charles's ears went red, but he tried to keep his tone steady. "We're not there yet! Maybe when you turn twenty!" 
Erin was only nineteen. He was right; she was still a bit young. 
Erin sighed in mock disappointment. "Alright. Then for my twentieth birthday, maybe we can try?" 
"You—you really don't know when to stop!" 
Charles's face was almost glowing, and he could barely look at her. "How are you so…shameless!" 
He turned her around, pushing her into his room before she could look back. "Get in there and sleep. Quit with the nonsense." 
"Alright." 
Erin's obedient response only made Charles's face feel hotter. 
He practically sprinted back to his own room after that, making sure to lock the door, his heart racing. 
He couldn't risk Erin sneaking in at night—he might not be able to resist. 
And so, Charles spent the night in a fitful, wide-awake daze, thoughts churning endlessly. When he came down the next morning, Keira Olsen noticed the dark circles under his eyes and couldn't help but ask, "What happened to you?" 
Erin, biting into her toast, offered a suggestion. "Maybe he's still shaken from last night." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "From what?" 
"Oh, Peter went into Jenkins's room last night," Erin explained casually, "and Charles heard them." 
Keira blinked. "How would you know?" 
"I saw it myself, too." 
Keira had nothing to say to that. 
Young love these days was truly wild. 
As she turned, she spotted Jenkins standing nearby, face flushed. The moment Keira made eye contact, Jenkins tried to slip away 
Keira called her back gently. "Hold on, Jenkins. I have something to say." 
Jenkins stopped, looking back at her, blushing even harder as Keira stepped closer, giving her an appraising look. Finally, Keira smiled, a touch of mischief in her tone. "Good morning, Lion."
###Chapter 797
797  Chapter 796 
Keira didn't try to hide it from Erin. 
So, as soon as she finished, Erin, who was munching on her food, froze mid-bite, her mouth dropping open in an "O" as she stared at Jenkins in disbelief. 
After a moment's pause, Erin swallowed hard, pointed at Jenkins, and asked in shock, "Wait—who did you say she is?" 
She couldn't believe it. Jenkins, the timid one, who'd always been just a servant in the Olsen family. The one who, if it weren't for saving Peter back then, would barely have any presence at all—and Erin probably would've forgotten about her altogether. Could Jenkins really be Lion? 
Keira must have gotten it wrong, right? 
But Keira looked steadily at Jenkins, a small smile on her face. 
Jenkins clenched her fists, meeting their gazes. 
After a long silence, she finally sighed and visibly relaxed. "How did you find out?" 
"Ryan told me," Keira said simply. "He mentioned that every member of the South family has 'South' in their name, and that Lion was already here in Crera, in the Olsen family." 
Jenkins nodded, understanding. "So that's why you suddenly moved back in. You were keeping an eye on me." 
Keira shrugged. "Not really—I genuinely wanted to spend more time with Amy. Figuring out your identity was a complete accident. You and Peter—at first, it seemed like he was leading, and you were following. But in reality, the best hunters often disguise themselves as prey. It was hard to suspect you, considering you played the 'poor victim' card from the start." 
Keira took a step forward. "But now that I think about it, how could someone like Susan end up taking credit for saving Peter? Did you let her have it on purpose, and then slip into the Olsen family as a helpless victim? That way, no one would ever suspect you." 
Jenkins replied calmly, "But you still did." 
"Because it was all too convenient." Keira's eyes narrowed. "Realizing Susan wasn't Peter's savior, and then discovering it was you… Everything just fell into place." 
Jenkins gave a half-smile. "Convenient? Hardly. I had to go through so many hoops back then!" 
"But it was too perfect," Keira countered. "How could the supposed savior just happen to show up at the Olsen's as a housekeeper? In a city as big as Clance, how could there be such a coincidence?" 
Keira took another step closer. "What I really want to know is why you left Country A and came all the way to Crera. And from what I've found, you've been here for years—five or six, right? Care to explain?" 
Jenkins fell silent, a distant look crossing her face. 
Keira turned to Erin. "You once told me there were nine contenders for the South family's inheritance. So tell me, how many of them are here in Crera? Let's count: Vera? What's her code name?" 
"Butterfly," Erin said casually. "She joined my team ages ago." 
Keira nodded. "So we have Butterfly, Rabbit, Fox, and Lion. Four of the nine are here in Crera. Doesn't that seem… unusual?" 
Jenkins and Erin exchanged a glance before Erin turned back to Keira, saying, "Actually, it's not surprising at all." 
Keira blinked. "Huh?" 
Erin rolled her eyes, focusing on her food. 
Jenkins spoke up. "Let me explain. Do you know what the final contest among the South family heirs actually involves?" 
Keira paused, frowning. She hadn't really considered it. 
"It's economics," Jenkins said. "In the end, what drives nations, what pits them against each other—whether it's military or otherwise—is all about resources, wealth, and economic influence. Whoever controls the biggest business empire wins." 
Keira seemed taken aback. "Is that so?" 
Erin shrugged. "Exactly. Nobody ever said heirs had to be mortal enemies. If that were the case, how would Vera and I team up? Or work with you?" 
Jenkins lowered her gaze and continued, "Which is why so many heirs gather in the same places. After all, there aren't that many economic powerhouses in the world." 
She looked at Keira. "Forty years ago, Crera was economically behind, but in the past decade, it's developed at an astonishing rate. Any contender for the South family's throne would see Crera as a prime location for their strategies. So really, it's no mystery why they're drawn here." 
Erin nodded. "There are only four here so far. When I went to Country M five years ago, I swear I felt the presence of five or six contenders there! When we left the South family, each of us picked a different country, but no one ever said we couldn't migrate to Crera if we wanted to build our empires." 
Jenkins agreed. "Crera's current economic status is far too valuable to overlook. It's already a major arena where South family heirs vie for resources. And in all of Crera, the economic heart is Clance, and in Clance, it's the Olsen family."
###Chapter 798
798  Chapter 797 
Keira stared speechlessly at Jenkins and Erin in front of her. Then, she held up her fingers and began to count. "So, let me get this straight. Each of you is marrying someone from my family just to forge alliances and secure the upper hand economically, right? Seven brothers, and between the two of you, you've already claimed two of them. Should I be worried about what will happen when my other brothers start bringing home their girlfriends?" 
Erin chuckled. "Don't worry about it. Anyone who comes to Crera with a name that includes 'South' is definitely going to be tied to our family. So, if future girlfriends have 'South' in their names, you can bet they're from our family, too." 
Keira just sighed. She was beginning to feel a little sorry for her brothers. Were they destined to be used as pawns in the South family's alliance schemes? Did they really not deserve a chance at their own love stories? 
Just as she was about to voice her thoughts, Erin blinked at her and declared, "Don't look at me. I genuinely love Charles! He's so sweet and innocent; I would never take advantage of him! Plus, don't worry—I would never make him choose between you and me. After all, you're my little sidekick, aren't you? We're on the same team here." 
After that, Erin glanced at Jenkins. 
Jenkins looked away with a neutral expression. 
Erin's curiosity got the best of her. "So, why did you accept Peter? From the beginning, when you saved him, were you just using him?" 
Jenkins hesitated, saying nothing. Erin quickly turned toward the person standing behind them. "Peter, did you hear that? She's been using you from the start!" 
Jenkins's body froze in shock. She turned around abruptly and saw Peter standing there, staring back at her in utter disbelief, clearly shaken by what he had overheard. What were they talking about? Was it true that Jenkins had orchestrated everything from rescuing him to everything that followed? 
As Peter thought back on all the time he'd spent chasing after Jenkins and the strong bond they'd formed, a wave of hurt and denial swept over him. He stared at Jenkins, the question heavy in his voice. "Is what they're saying true?" 
Jenkins opened her mouth, searching for words, but nothing came out. In truth, her relationship with Peter had started with ulterior motives. 
Suddenly, Peter rushed forward and grabbed her shoulders. "Say something! Just tell me it isn't true, and I'll believe you! Jenkins, I know there's something real between us!" 
Jenkins clenched her fists. "I do care about you, Peter. But would you be willing to stand against your sister for my sake?" 
Peter took a stunned step back, staring at her, his eyes filled with shock. 
Jenkins managed a pained smile. There was a kind of stubborn resilience about her that was almost heartbreaking. 
She stood tall. "I don't know how much of that conversation you heard, but let me explain. Your sister, Erin, and I—we're rivals. I need the support of the Olsen family. So, would you be willing to go against them for me?" 
Peter clenched his fists, struggling to process her words. "And what if I say I'm not willing to do that?" 
Jenkins gazed back at him, meeting his eyes. 
They stood in silence, staring at each other for what felt like an eternity. Finally, Jenkins laughed softly. "It's fine. There are other influential families in Clance besides the Olsen family, and if all else fails, I can still consider the Cobb family…" 
Erin interjected with a laugh. "Don't get your hopes up! Ryan Cobb would never marry without investigating a girl's entire family history. Someone like him won't just settle down with anyone." 
Then she turned to Keira. "Lewis knows all about this, by the way. He may look a bit jealous on the surface, but trust me, he feels totally secure. With your South family connections, there's no way Ryan would ever get involved with you." 
Keira just sighed inwardly. She had never even considered getting involved with Ryan Cobb. What was Erin even talking about? 
But Keira stayed quiet, knowing Erin was trying to give Jenkins and Peter a little space—a moment to think things over and decide what they really wanted. 
She glanced at Peter once more. Her brother had always been a trusting soul. After being taken advantage of by Vera before, now it seemed Jenkins had been manipulating him too. How could he keep falling for people like this? 
On second thought, though, when Vera's true colors were revealed, Peter hadn't reacted quite like this. Yes, he'd been hurt, even heartbroken, but by then he'd already fallen for Jenkins. So maybe the truth hadn't been as unbearable back then. 
But now, the way he was looking at Jenkins… he really loved her. 
Keira wasn't sure what Peter would decide, nor what Jenkins wanted him to decide. For a fleeting moment, she even wondered if their sibling bond really ran that deep. If Peter ended up choosing Jenkins over his family, it would be understandable. 
After all, Keira hadn't grown up with them. 
As this thought crossed her mind, her gaze softened. Jenkins's eyes remained fixed on Peter, waiting for his answer. 
Finally, after what felt like ages, Peter's rough voice broke the silence…
###Chapter 799
799  Chapter 798 
"Jenkins… did you ever actually love me?" 
Peter's voice trembled slightly, and Jenkins blinked, surprised he'd ask such a question at this moment. Then, a flicker of memory—she recalled how, at the Horton's gathering, Gavin had asked something similar to Selena. Were men really boys at heart, clinging to hopes until the end? 
Jenkins' lips curved into a small, pained smile. "Every step of me meeting you was all planned. I can't deny that. As for love… I don't want to lie to you." 
After those words, she fell silent. But everyone there—Peter, Keira, Erin—could easily infer the words left unsaid: I don't want to lie to you. I don't love you. 
After all, if she did love him, there would've been no need for lies. 
Peter let out a dry, bitter laugh. "You don't even love me. So, what choice is there to make?" 
He turned to Keira and spoke firmly, "And remember, the Olsen family rule: siblings do not betray one another. We've said this countless times, but it seems that some South women just don't get it, do they?" 
He walked over to stand beside Keira. "Jenkins, even if you had loved me, even if I'd loved you to the point of madness, I wouldn't betray my family for you." 
He spoke with conviction, his voice unwavering. "The Olsen family raised me. They gave me the freedom I have now. The support you wanted from me—it's only there because of my family. To me, the Olsens aren't just about a business or wealth. They're about people, every one of them. I could never betray any of them." 
Jenkins nodded. "I understand." 
Her face was unreadable as she looked at him. Then she turned to Keira. "Are you here to arrest me, or what? What's the plan? How are you going to punish me?" 
She raised her hands. "Let me just say, I'm not some skilled fighter; I'm pretty useless at this sort of thing. And I was frisked on the way in, so I don't have any weapons. Even if you decided to kill me right here, I wouldn't be able to put up a fight." 
There was a strange calmness in her voice, like a weight had lifted now that her secrets were laid bare. For the first time, she stood tall, no longer cowering or hesitating. 
Keira looked over at Peter. "So… what do you say, Peter?" 
Peter turned to her, a faint smile on his lips. "Could we… let her go?" 
Keira frowned. "Why?" 
Peter gave a small, sad chuckle, his voice raw with emotion. "We spent a lot of time together. To say I don't feel anything for her—that would be a lie… How could I not feel something?" 
He looked away, a hint of tears glistening in his eyes as he took a steadying breath. 
Softly, he added, "We slept together, too. She's a woman, so in the end, she's the one who got hurt. I prepared a gift for her, but she's not going to need it. Nothing can really make up for this…" 
He swiped a hand across his eyes, forcing a smile. "Just let her go. Consider it closure, a clean end to what we had. Keera… can you do that?" 
Could she? 
Letting Jenkins walk free was like dropping a needle into the ocean—it was doubtful they'd ever see her again. But Peter was right. Family wasn't about wealth or the company; it was about loyalty to each other. 
If Peter could cast aside Jenkins so easily for his sister, could Keira not let him hold on to a piece of his dignity? 
After a brief silence, she nodded with a faint smile. "Alright." 
She turned to Jenkins. "Go. You're free to leave." 
Jenkins looked surprised, as if this was the last thing she'd expected. After a moment's hesitation, she spoke, "Are you sure? You know, I've got serious influence in Country A. If you let me go, I could become a huge threat to you." 
Keira met her gaze evenly. "Yes, I'm sure." 
Erin stuffed her mouth full of snacks, her displeasure written all over her face. How could they just let Jenkins go? How? 
As she moped, Keira shot her a glance, and Erin quickly became "busy" examining her nails, glancing at the sky, trying to look very occupied. 
Jenkins turned from Keira to Erin. "Fox, are you going to be okay with this, too?" 
Erin stayed silent. 
After a pause, Jenkins turned and headed out, walking with purpose. She had to pass Peter to reach the door, and as she walked by him, he couldn't take his eyes off her.
Watching her… 
Jenkins, however, averted her eyes, unable to meet his gaze. 
It was just a few steps, but it felt as if they were walking through time itself, as if this moment might last forever. 
But in the end, Jenkins walked past him without stopping. 
Not a glance back. 
Just as she reached the door, a voice broke the silence. 
"Wait."
###Chapter 800
800  Chapter 799 
Jenkins stopped in her tracks and turned around, a hint of a smile playing on her lips. "What? Having second thoughts about letting me go?" 
The voice that stopped her was Keira's. Peter also spun around, his gaze shifting to Keira. 
Keira looked at them both and said slowly, "I just thought you two could use a proper goodbye." 
The words lingered in the air. Peter and Jenkins exchanged a glance but quickly looked away, each refusing to hold the other's gaze. 
Keira noticed and gave a faint smile as she stepped between them. "Jenkins, you really do care about my brother, don't you?" 
Jenkins was caught off guard, pausing for a beat. 
Peter froze as well. 
"If you didn't care," Keira continued, "then when you made him choose, you would've simply said yes to his question. If you truly wanted him to choose you over me, you would've told him you cared. But you avoided it, didn't you?" 
She turned directly to Jenkins. "Why?" 
Jenkins's face tightened. "I just didn't want to lie." 
"No," Keira replied. "You just didn't want to put Peter in a difficult position." 
She glanced at Peter. "Peter, she does care about you." 
Peter stared at the ground, silent. 
Jenkins's jaw clenched. "What's the point of saying all this now? You're just making things harder for him." 
Keira took a step forward. "Lion, have you really thought this through? Do you honestly believe you'll come out on top?" 
Jenkins faltered, her lips pressing together. 
"Let's be real," Keira said softly. "You were sent to different countries nearly twenty years ago, right? Back then, assignments were based on status and strength. Even twenty years ago, your so-called 'Country A' was small potatoes. Doesn't that say something about your position?" 
Jenkins's fists clenched. "And?" 
Keira sighed, her gaze dropping. "No one expected Crera to rise like it did. But now that it's thriving, suddenly everyone's desperate to get a piece. How many of you have actually managed to break in?" 
Erin chimed in from nearby, grinning. "None! Crera's economy is in the palm of Rabbit's hand now, and everyone in Clance's inner circle answers only to her. The alliance here is tighter than you could dream of." 
Jenkins's expression turned stormy. "So what?" 
Keira extended her hand without hesitation. "So, let's work together. Whatever you and my brother share, that's up to you two. But don't you both want to avoid ending up on opposite sides of a battlefield someday?" 
Jenkins went quiet. 
Peter's brow furrowed. 
Erin folded her arms, her expression smug. "Rabbit's giving you a chance, and you better take it. Look, I know that boss over in Country M is ruthless, but Rabbit? She's soft-hearted. And working with her is working with me!" Erin grinned with absolute confidence. "Once I take over the South family, you'll be my MVPs! Don't worry, I'm not the type to ditch my allies. Lion, think it over! I mean, back when we were kids in the South family nursery, we went to preschool together, right? And you always charged forward without thinking—" 
Jenkins's face darkened. "Shut up." 
"Oh." Erin gave a quiet nod and bit into an apple, spraying juice everywhere, including on Jenkins and Peter. 
Jenkins grimaced. Peter blinked. 
Keira moved closer to Jenkins, a small smile playing on her lips. "There's one more thing." 
Jenkins raised an eyebrow. "And that is?" 
Keira's gaze softened. "I have a feeling you're not as welcome in Country A as you think." 
Jenkins's eyes flickered, betraying a hint of surprise. 
Keira smiled. "When we went to Country A recently to bring back the doctor, someone tried to stop us. Back then, we thought it was you… but I checked. You were here, at the Olsen estate, doing absolutely nothing that night. It made me wonder. You've been in Crera for five years now, slipping by in the background, using every trick to survive, even going so far as to pose as household staff. Doesn't that tell me something?" 
Keira's eyes hardened. "You got booted out of Country A. All that you'd built there was taken from you, wasn't it?" 
Jenkins stiffened, her gaze locked on Keira. 
Keira smirked. "I hit the mark, didn't I?" 
Jenkins's jaw clenched, but she remained silent. 
Keira took another step forward, offering her hand once more. "So, partner with me. I'll help you reclaim everything you lost in Country A. Deal?" 
Jenkins took a deep breath, her eyes narrowing as she stared Keira down. After a long moment, she reached out and shook Keira's hand. "Deal." 
Keira let out a sigh of relief. It would have been wrong of her to let Jenkins and Peter part like this, she thought. She'd already caused her family enough trouble; she didn't need to split up a pair who clearly had something real. 
After they released hands, Keira looked at Peter and said, "Talk to each other, alright? Erin, let's go." 
"Right." Erin's reply was uncharacteristically obedient, making Jenkins glance over with a suspicious look. 
Erin stuck out her tongue playfully before making a goofy face and following Keira out the door.
###Chapter 801
801  Chapter 800 
As the two of them left, Jenkins turned to Peter. 
Peter frowned. "So… is what my sister said true?" 
Jenkins paused. "Which part?" 
"All of it!" Peter's tone was a mix of curiosity and exasperation. 
Jenkins laughed softly. "Well, most of it's on the mark. Your sister's no innocent bunny—she's as sly as a fox." 
Peter beamed with pride. "Of course. Nobody in the Olsen family is dumb." 
"Oh? Is that so?" 
Peter looked at her, confused. "Absolutely. Intelligence runs high in our family—my parents are both geniuses." 
Jenkins raised an eyebrow. "Ever heard of the balancing theory?" 
Peter tilted his head. "What theory?" 
"That two smart people together can only produce an average child," Jenkins explained with a smirk. "It's nature's way of keeping things in check. Sometimes, I feel like Earth itself is just one big prison, and we're all under a very strict watch. Ever wonder why South family kids have such a hard time?" 
Peter blinked, taken aback. "Uh… wait, what? Is that really a thing?" 
Jenkins gave him a wry look. "Have you met your niece Amy? You should keep a close eye on her. The South family's lineage has been thinning out. They used to have hundreds fighting over the inheritance; now, there's barely nine. And all the women in the family? Trained since childhood, taking all sorts of hits to their bodies… It's a wonder they can even have children. Trust me, Amy's more valuable than you think." 
Peter looked at Jenkins, then let his gaze drift down to her stomach. 
Jenkins stepped back quickly. "What are you doing?" 
"Just thinking… No wonder there's been no 'accidents.' Guess that's nature's way of birth control." 
Jenkins's face went bright red. She glared at him, flustered. "What… what is wrong with you?" 
Peter shrugged. "What? Just stating the obvious. For someone who lies as much as you do, you sure don't take well to honesty. Fine, I'll keep my mouth shut." He threw her a teasing grin and walked off. 
Jenkins was left fuming. 
She stomped forward, only to notice that Peter had doubled back, standing just a few steps away, still not looking at her directly. "Before I go… what my sister said about you having feelings for me, and just pretending otherwise to avoid putting me in a tough spot. Is that true?" 
Jenkins froze, looking at him. 
Peter's face was slightly flushed, and though he wouldn't meet her gaze, his fingers fidgeted as if betraying his nerves. 
Jenkins chuckled softly. "Yes. It's true." 
"Oh." Peter looked everywhere but at her. "Guess I'll have to think about forgiving you, then." 
"Sure." Jenkins kept her tone light. 
Peter cleared his throat. "And I might not forgive you. After all, you lied to me." 
"I understand." 
A hint of a smile crossed Peter's face as he turned to go, but after a few steps, he paused again, looking back. "In the meantime… stay in the guest room. You don't need to leave just yet." 
Jenkins shrugged. "Not like I have a choice. You think your sister and Erin are going to let me walk out freely?" 
Peter nodded. "Good. If anyone in the household disrespects you, let me know." 
"Got it." 
He hesitated a moment longer. 
"Something else?" she asked, amused. 
"No." Peter tossed back a simple answer and finally walked off for real. 
Watching him go, Jenkins couldn't help but smile to herself. 
Keira and Erin were already in the dining room, helping themselves to breakfast. 
As Jenkins and Peter came in from the kitchen, Jenkins nodded at Keira. "After breakfast, let's talk." 
"Sounds good." 
Peter immediately picked up his breakfast and headed for the door. "You can talk here at the table. I'll give you two some privacy." 
The dining room was large and quiet—just the right place for a conversation out of earshot of others. 
Jenkins took a bite of toast before turning to Keira. "The person who got me kicked out of Oceanion? They go by the alias 'Clownfish.'" 
Keira paused mid-bite, her eyebrows lifting. 
Erin nearly choked, spitting her coffee out in surprise. "Wait, her?" 
Jenkins shot Erin a look. 
"Do you know her?" Keira asked. 
Erin shook her head. "Not personally, but I remember the nickname—it's odd enough that it stuck with me. We went to preschool together, but it's not like anyone kept track of her after that. But that Clownfish's personality… oh, I remember it." 
"Personality?" Keira asked, curious. 
"Oh yeah." Erin nodded. "No one else was like her. Even back then, she'd stir up trouble, sitting back and watching as we all fought, like she thrived on chaos. She was a real snake." 
Jenkins nodded. "Right? Everyone in the class despised her… though…" She gave Keira a thoughtful once-over. "Keera, don't you remember her at all?"
###Chapter 802
802  Chapter 801 
Jenkins had no idea that Keira wasn't actually Keera, which led her to ask the question. 
Erin glanced quickly at Keira before jumping in. "It's… well…" 
"I'm not Keera." 
Keira interrupted, looking straight at Jenkins. "Keera is my twin sister." 
Erin froze, almost gasping in disbelief. Her immediate instinct was to cover Keira's mouth. Who would just blurt out something like that? 
Erin shot Keira an incredulous look. 
Jenkins was equally stunned, staring at Keira with wide eyes. "You just went ahead and said it?" 
Keira nodded. "Since we're allies, I think it's best to be honest." 
After her experience with Sean, she had come to terms with the reality of her sister's identity. Keeping it a secret seemed pointless, and it would only lead to holes in her story. Besides, she had no way of truly knowing her sister's history with the South family, which made it easier to reveal the truth. The more people who knew, the easier it would be for her to maintain the disguise. 
Erin looked like she was about to explode, glaring at Keira. "And you trust her this much? We just agreed to work together, and you're giving away your biggest weakness? Don't you realize that one slip like this could cost you the entire inheritance battle?" 
Keira chuckled. "We're all in this together now. If my cover is blown, it won't just hurt me—it could compromise your goals in Crera's economy too." 
Erin was momentarily silenced. 
Keira turned back to Jenkins. "Besides, I'm sure Lion has already figured it out, right?" 
Someone who had only recently met Keira might not notice the difference, but Jenkins had been with the Olsens long enough to piece things together. Especially since Jenkins had dealings with both the Olsen and Horton families, and must have known that Lewis's late wife was named Keira Olsen, though she was presumed lost at sea. 
Jenkins smiled slightly. "I did have my suspicions." 
After all, everyone knew Keera's personality, so her sudden change hadn't gone unnoticed. 
Keira continued, "Do you think there's any chance Clownfish might come to Crera?" 
Erin froze mid-bite, looking at Keira. "Are you trying to scare us today?" 
Keira shrugged. "Clownfish may have control over Country A, but with Lion out of the picture, it's likely she'll extend her reach. Given how close Crera is to Country A, it's only logical." 
Erin rolled her eyes. "You have a point, but Clownfish is impossible to track down." 
Jenkins nodded. "Exactly. She never plays by the rules, and it's impossible to predict her next move. Plus, she seems to have no weak spots, which makes her all the more dangerous. She wouldn't hesitate to take you down with her if it came to it." 
Jenkins shuddered a bit as she spoke. 
Erin picked up on the unease. "Wait, you mean she actually scared you into leaving for Crera?" 
Jenkins hesitated for a moment before nodding. "When she showed up in Country A, she called to tell me she was there. Then she asked if I was going to leave on my own, or if she'd have to blow up my company to make me leave." 
Erin and Keira were both speechless, 
Jenkins pressed her lips together. "If it had been anyone else, I'd have thought they were bluffing. But this is Clownfish we're talking about. She'd throw money into buying up arms just to make a point, even if it got her nothing in return. So, I decided it was best to give up the company." 
Erin looked horrified. "You did the right thing. If you hadn't left, your company would probably be a pile of ashes by now." 
Both Erin and Jenkins looked like they were recalling some particularly unsettling memories of Clownfish's actions. 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Is she really that ruthless?" 
Erin and Jenkins both nodded. "Absolutely! She's a lunatic, and the last thing we need is her setting foot in Crera." 
Keira sighed. "She's probably already here." 
With Crera becoming the world's leading economic power, it was inevitable that Clownfish would take an interest. Even Country M's biggest players wouldn't resist coming here. 
Erin shivered. "I'd rather deal with ten Lions than face one Clownfish." 
Jenkins shot her a look. "I'd take a hundred Foxes over one Clownfish." 
Erin glared. "Hey! What's that supposed to mean?" 
"You're the one who started it!" 
"Am I wrong? Who got run out of Country A and ended up in Crera pretending to be a servant for years? All because of one woman!" 
Jenkins shrugged. "Yeah, poor me. And what about you? Didn't you team up with Keera for protection?" 
"Excuse me, Keera teamed up with me! Get your facts straight!" 
Erin bristled, looking like an angry fox with her fur all ruffled up. 
Keira rubbed her temples, watching the two of them bicker, her patience clearly wearing thin. She cleared her throat, then asked, "So, do either of you know what Clownfish looks like? She could be right under our noses."
###Chapter 803
803  Chapter 802 
As soon as Keira said this, Erin and Jenkins exchanged a look, then both shook their heads. 
Keira frowned. "What's the problem?" 
Erin shrugged. "Ever since we left the South family, we've only kept in touch in our group chat. We haven't met in person for years!" 
She looked over at Jenkins. "You too? Haven't seen her?" 
Jenkins nodded. 
Erin scoffed, "So, you didn't even see her in person, and just one phone call had you running scared?" 
Jenkins held her gaze. "What would you have done?" 
Erin paused, quiet for a moment, her silence enough to tell Keira that she would've run, too. 
Jenkins explained, "I built an empire in Country A, not by myself but with a team that just kept expanding. The bigger it got, the more I couldn't control it alone." 
Keira nodded in understanding. She'd lived through that herself. 
She'd built her first company from nothing, though her own journey had started much earlier. The first job she held was in a diner, waiting tables, back in middle school. When she left the Olsen family, Mrs. Olsen had given her some money to get by, but it was immediately taken by Poppy, who declared Keira unworthy of spending Olsen money. From then on, she'd been on her own. She started with a summer job at that diner. It was rough, but she was smart and a fast learner. She watched the chef work and could replicate a dish after just one demonstration. Soon enough, she'd step in when the chef was sick, cooking for an entire shift, perfectly following the recipes to the gram. 
Eventually, she moved out of the dorms, giving her more time to work. High school and college weren't free, and she needed funds just to stay in school and cover living expenses. A year of hard work later, she'd saved about ten thousand dollars—a safety net she intended to use to support herself through school. But academics came easily to her. While others struggled, she found that studying took hardly any time, leaving her more hours to work. As a result, her savings grew. 
Then, just when things were looking up, the diner's owner announced he was leaving Oceanion and selling the business. Keira's heart went out to the staff who had been like family to her. And so, she spent every penny she had to buy that little diner. 
Her hard work paid off, and over time, the business grew. She eventually expanded into other service industries, starting a courier company, then a property management business—ventures that helped those at the bottom of the ladder. Each new business met a basic need for everyday people, and it gave her a small measure of security. 
From that diner came the empire she built, growing into the massive N Group, which brought in millions every year. But no matter how big she got, she kept that first diner open, providing jobs for the people who needed them most. 
Keira glanced back at Jenkins. In Country A, she must have faced the same dilemma—growing a business that became too big to fully control. So when Clownfish threatened to blow up her company if she didn't leave, she hadn't had much choice. 
For someone like her, walking away from her own life was unthinkable. But she'd done it for her employees' safety, and that told Keira something about her character. It was this integrity that made Keira trust Jenkins. 
Had Jenkins stayed, Clownfish might never have carried out the threat, but she wasn't willing to take that risk. 
Keira met her eyes. "So now Clownfish has taken over your company?" 
"No." Jenkins shook her head. "The board sensed something was up when I left. My most trusted people are still protecting my business, but I lost my financial stronghold. That's why I came to Crera, to ally with the Olsen family and get their help in driving Clownfish out." 
Keira blinked. "The Olsens have that kind of power?" 
Jenkins shot her a knowing look. "You really don't know your father, do you? You think he's just some average businessman? He's the one who brought Olsen Group to the top of the five major families! Anyone looking for allies in Crera would go to him first." 
Keira's gaze sharpened. "Then Clownfish will likely target my family too?"
###Chapter 804
804  Chapter 803 
Jenkins hesitated after hearing the question. It took her a long moment to respond. "I don't know. She's insane. There's no way to predict where she might strike next," she said, then turned to Keira. "But if you can help me return home, I'll bring my entire company under your wing." Keira raised an eyebrow. "And how exactly am I supposed to do that?" Jenkins pressed her lips together. "It's actually straightforward." "How?" Jenkins leaned in slightly. "Country A is a constitutional monarchy—you know that, right? The king still holds considerable power. One word from him can change everything. Historically, they've looked down on merchants. To them, we're beneath farmers and scholars. The point is, if we can win over the king, we can neutralize any influence in Country A—including Clownfish." Keira's expression shifted. "How do you propose we win over the king?" Jenkins coughed lightly. "Well, this particular king is exceptional. He's a visionary who's built the country into what it is today. When he took the throne at fifteen, he didn't waste time. One of his first acts was waging war against a neighboring state to establish dominance. Everyone thought he was reckless, but that victory brought the country over a decade of peace. He's both brilliant and ruthless." The praise piqued Keira's interest. Erin nodded. "I've heard of him, too. Thirty now, right? Known for his sharp looks and sharper mind. But is the South family afraid of him?" Jenkins chuckled. "Afraid? Not quite. They're allied with him. The king owes his throne to the South family, so they maintain a special relationship. When Clownfish moved into Country A, it was with his approval. I even went to him for help, hoping he'd block Clownfish's entry. But he declined, citing neutrality in the South family's internal conflicts." "So why are you bringing this up?" Erin asked bluntly. Jenkins sighed. "Because neutrality is just an excuse. If I had proven myself worthy of his trust, he would've helped me. But I didn't." Keira understood now. In Country A, the monarchy reigned supreme. The king's word carried far more weight than any merchant's influence. Even someone like Jenkins, who had built a thriving business empire, couldn't outmatch a royal decree. "So you want us to help you win him over?" Keira asked. Jenkins nodded. "Exactly. If we can convince him to back you, he'll order Clownfish out. I'll get my company back and pledge my resources to you." Keira frowned. "So, once again, it boils down to playing politics?" She felt a wave of frustration. Back in Crera, she had to maintain ties with the five major families just to stay afloat. Now, solving the Country A issue would require yet another alliance? Erin smirked. "You've been in Country A for years and couldn't win him over. What makes you think Keira can?" Jenkins let out a heavy breath. "The king isn't easily impressed. I built my company on a modest budget, which barely registered in his eyes." Keira tapped her fingers on the table. "Cut to the chase. What's his weakness?" Jenkins hesitated before answering. "Children." "Children?" Keira repeated, her brow furrowing. "The king has been on the throne for over a decade and still has no heirs," Jenkins explained. "He married over a dozen women, but none of them have managed to conceive." "Low sperm count?" Erin quipped. "Not exactly," Jenkins replied with a wry smile. "His medical reports are pristine. It's a mystery. When he was younger, he wasn't concerned. But now that he's thirty, he's getting desperate." "So, what?" Keira folded her arms. "You expect me to help him produce an heir? I'm not a miracle worker." Erin laughed. "If anyone should try, it's me. At least I'm a doctor." "You're a toxicologist," Jenkins pointed out. "Close enough," Erin shot back with a grin. "Good with poisons, better with cures." Jenkins rolled her eyes. "Fine, then help regulate his health or something. If we can get one of his wives pregnant, we solve the Country A problem." Keira rubbed her temples. "Fantastic. Now we're playing matchmaker for a king." 
###Chapter 805
?805 Chapter 804
Erin blinked. "This kind of case isn't uncommon. On paper, everything checks out fine, but no pregnancies, not even with IVF. It usually means the man's sperm requires a very specific environment to survive-conditions most women's eggs just can't meet." She turned to Jenkins and added mischievously, "If you want his women to conceive, why not just slip a man into the palace? Problem solved."
Jenkins rolled her eyes. "You think their security is that lax? They'll test DNA three months in, and the jig will be up. Besides, those women are loyal to him-they'd never betray him willingly"
Erin shrugged. "Then what's the plan?"
Jenkins sighed, hesitating before revealing her trump card. "Word is, Monbatten's secretly in Crera to try out some traditional therapies. That's why I thought we had a shot. If we can cure his...condition, I can finally go back."
Erin perked up, glancing at Keira. "When did he get here? Do we know where he's staying?"
Jenkins hesitated, then gave a wry smile. "He's been here a few days, but it's all hush-hush. Luckily, someone does know where he is."
The two women exchanged a knowing look and spoke in unison. "Ryan Cobb."
Given Ryan's unique position and involvement in diplomatic circles, it was plausible he'd have the intel. Without his help, approaching Monbatten would be impossible. Anyone caught snooping into a king's whereabouts risked being labeled a spy.
Keira glanced at Erin. "How good are you at diagnostics?"
Erin smirked. "Oh, nothing special-just third-best in the world."
Keira sighed at her cocky grin, pinching the bridge of her nose. But after a moment's thought, she grabbed her phone.
Even though she hated bothering Ryan over something like this, Keira wasn't foolish enough to pass up an opportunity like this by trying to figure it out on her own. That wasn't high-mindedness; that was stupidity.
After explaining her request to Ryan over the phone, she added casually, "If it's inconvenient, just say so."
Ryan's voice softened, a chuckle laced in. "Keira, no need to be so formal. You saved my life. Besides, this is hardly a tall order. Monbatten and I hit it off immediately-he's already a friend. My father even asked me to oversee his treatment while he's here. Consider this a favor for both of us. Let's meet tomorrow at the club. I'll introduce you."
Keira didn't hesitate. "Sounds good. Tomorrow, then."
After hanging up, she turned to Jenkins, who grinned slyly.
"This," Jenkins mused, "is the power of connections."
Erin raised an eyebrow and nodded toward the door. "Let's just hope someone doesn't get jealous."
Keira glanced over her shoulder to find Lewis standing there, watching her with a faint smile.
She raised a brow at him, but he only chuckled softly and walked away.
Jenkins sighed wistfully. "A man like Mr. Horton-so loyal and controlled-is rare these
days. Most men with money can't resist temptation. He's a gem."
Keira smirked, heading for the door. "My brother's the same way."
Jenkins blinked, momentarily speechless.
The next morning, Keira invited Lewis to join her. He drove them to the exclusive club, but when they arrived, he declined to go inside.
"This is the Cobbs' club," he explained. "Its security is airtight. You'll be fine. I'll wait in the car."
"You're not coming in?"
Lewis pulled out his laptop. "I've got a meeting."
Keira nodded. "Alright."
She, Jenkins, and Erin stepped out, passing through tight security at the club's entrance. Inside, they found themselves face-to-face with Sean Church, who looked surprised to see them.
"Miss Olsen! What brings you here?"
She raised an eyebrow. "I could ask you the same."
Sean chuckled sheepishly. "I heard the food here was phenomenal. Came to see for myself, but it's overrated."
Shaking his head, he added, "Well, I won't keep you. Looks like you're busy."
Keira nodded and moved on, eventually reaching the private room Ryan had mentioned. She knocked, and to her surprise, he answered the door himself. "Monbatten doesn't want too many people around," Ryan explained, stepping aside. Keira stepped into the room-and froze.
The man sitting inside, the King of Country A, looked eerily familiar.
###Chapter 806
806  Chapter 805 
Monbatten's features were unmistakably foreign—thick brows, deep-set eyes, and a neatly trimmed beard on his strong jawline. As he observed Keira, there was a flicker of familiarity in his gaze, his attention lingering on her longer than was customary. The silence was finally broken by Jenkins, who stepped forward with a friendly smile. "King Monbatten, it's a pleasure to meet you. I'm South Jenkins." Monbatten shifted his focus, realization dawning on his face. "Ah, it's you. I never imagined that after leaving Country A, you'd settle in Crera. How have you been?" Jenkins nodded. "Not too bad." She then stepped aside to introduce Keira and Erin. Ryan, seated nearby, had been prepared to make introductions but chose to remain quiet, observing instead. When Erin was introduced as a medical expert, Monbatten glanced at her skeptically. "A physician this young?" Erin waved her hands. "Not exactly. I specialize in toxins. If there's something wrong in your system, I can use specific toxins to neutralize harmful agents—kind of like fighting fire with fire." Her words were a bit roundabout, and it wasn't clear if Monbatten fully understood. His expression was neutral as he alternated between looking at Jenkins and Keira before finally shaking his head with a sigh and settling onto the couch. Extending his arm, he motioned for Erin to proceed. She took his pulse with a clinical focus, while Keira drew a blood sample and began analyzing it on a portable device she'd brought along. As someone well-versed in groundbreaking medical research, Keira had encountered countless cases, but infertility wasn't her specialty. Despite her thorough examination, every test returned the same result: Monbatten was in perfect health. Erin, on the other hand, concluded her assessment with a thoughtful look. "King Monbatten, have you ever been to a volcanic area or spent time in extremely hot springs during your youth?" Monbatten appeared startled by the question, then nodded. "Yes, I've visited volcanic regions before." Erin clapped her hands lightly, as if solving a puzzle. "Prolonged exposure to high heat can impact certain aspects of fertility—not necessarily the quality of your, uh, contribution, but its ability to pair with an egg. To put it simply, your system is… selective. You may need to, um, expand your options to find compatibility." Monbatten sighed deeply. "I already have over a hundred women in my court." "Then," Erin said, folding her arms, "you'll need to ensure you visit one every three days. That way, each person gets their turn annually. Busy schedule, huh?" Monbatten's frustration deepened. "I'm not interested in numbers. I just want a child—any child, even a daughter. My throne needs an heir. Surely, there's another way?" Erin tilted her head, resting a hand on her chin. "I can try regulating your system to improve the odds, but I can't promise it'll work." Monbatten's shoulders slumped as a shadow crossed his face. Ryan, sensing the king's despair, interjected smoothly. "In Crera, we have a saying: 'Good things are worth the wait.' Perhaps your child is waiting for just the right moment to arrive. When they do, I'm sure they'll be remarkable." The king offered a faint smile, though the sorrow in his eyes remained. As the meeting wrapped up, Jenkins and Keira exchanged polite farewells with Monbatten before stepping out. They didn't press for favors, unwilling to exploit the king's vulnerable position. Outside the room, Erin turned to Keira with a sly grin. "So, why were you staring at him? Thinking of marrying him and giving him that heir yourself?" "Get lost." Keira rarely cursed, but the suggestion earned one. She hesitated, then asked, "Did either of you feel like Monbatten looked… familiar?" Jenkins and Erin exchanged glances, coughed, and nodded subtly toward something behind Keira. Turning around, she found Lewis standing there, his gaze steady and inquisitive. Lewis stepped closer, his deep voice carrying an undercurrent of curiosity. "Who looks familiar?" "Monbatten," Keira replied without hesitation. "I can't shake the feeling I've seen him before." Erin shrugged nonchalantly. "Probably on TV. Even if his country's small, a king showing up anywhere is bound to make headlines." With that, she popped a small pill into her mouth. "What's that?" Jenkins asked, raising an eyebrow. "Energy booster." "Are you feeling weak?" "Not at all," Erin said breezily. "I just forgot to pack snacks this morning. This'll do the trick." Jenkins looked dumbfounded, while Keira shook her head in exasperation, following them out of the building. Meanwhile, at the Olsen residence, Uncle Olsen was lounging in the living room, watching the news with little Amy perched on his lap. For someone of his stature, the news was rarely a source of new information—just a habitual backdrop to his day. On the screen, a segment aired about King Monbatten's discreet visit to Crera. The king appeared in a sharp suit, looking every bit the dignified monarch. Uncle Olsen barely glanced at it, but Amy suddenly tensed, pointing at the TV with wide eyes. In her clear, childish voice, she exclaimed, "Daddy!"
###Chapter 807
?807 Chapter 806
Uncle Olsen froze for a moment before he spoke, his tone both amused and
exasperated. "Amy, do you miss your dad? Fine, I'll get that rascal back to spend time with you!"
Recently, Amy had taken to calling Keira "Mommy" and had been gently persuaded into calling Lewis "Daddy."
Uncle Olsen assumed Amy was calling for Lewis.
But the little girl shook her head vigorously and pointed at the TV. "Daddy! That's Daddy!"
Uncle Olsen blinked, puzzled. "What?"
Later that evening, when Keira and Lewis returned home, Uncle Olsen, with an unusually serious expression, pulled them into his study.
"Amy's been calling for her dad today," he began, folding his arms. "It's a little strange. Do you think she's missing that piece of trash Howard?"
Uncle Olsen frowned deeply. "I mean, Howard's trash-I've got him working hard labor out in the middle of nowhere. He won't be seeing daylight again. But if Amy really misses him, what are we supposed to do?"
Keira's expression froze for a moment before she shook her head. "That's not possible. She's terrified of him. Besides..." She hesitated before continuing. "Howard isn't her father."
Uncle Olsen stared at her, dumbfounded. "What did you say?"
Keira sighed. "The day Sean came over pretending to be her father, I took Amy's DNA and ran a test. Howard's not her dad."
Uncle Olsen's brows furrowed deeply. "I looked into your sister. She always seemed so... straight-laced. I didn't think she'd pull something like that. But honestly, thank God he's not the father. I was thinking of letting him live, but now? Forget it!"
A dangerous glint flashed in his eyes.
Keira, remembering what Howard had done to her sister, didn't find this decision unreasonable.
Maybe Howard had known Amy wasn't his child all along. It would explain his cruelty toward her.
Uncle Olsen, still frowning, asked hesitantly, "So... do you know who Amy's real father is?"
Keira let out a bitter laugh. "I have no idea."
Uncle Olsen groaned, shaking his head. "Your sister and your mom... both of them
were full of secrets. I still can't figure them out."
Keira fell silent.
Her sister truly was an enigma-a walking treasure map. At first glance, she seemed plain and easily bullied, but every now and then, she'd reveal something completely unexpected.
Maybe she wasn't as helpless as everyone thought.
Keira mulled over the thought for a moment.
Seeing the heavy atmosphere, Lewis broke the silence with a soft chuckle. "If Amy wants a dad so much, I'm more than happy to step in."
Keira smiled faintly. "I'll keep her company too."
The two of them left the study and headed to Amy's room.
Amy was sitting on the floor, playing quietly with her stuffed toys, while Mary watched her from a nearby chair. Despite her heavily pregnant belly, she seemed completely at ease.
"Are you sure you're okay being around her like this?" Keira asked, eyeing Mary's stomach. "What if she accidentally bumps into you?"
Mary laughed. "Amy's so careful. I've never met a more well-behaved child. She knows exactly what she can and can't do, and she remembers everything the first time you tell her."
Keira's chest tightened.
She suddenly recalled the first time she met Amy, how frail and tiny she had been.
At Amy's age, most kids still had chubby cheeks and soft, pudgy arms. But Amy's face had been unnaturally gaunt, her body so thin it looked as though a single gust of wind might knock her over.
"She must've had a rough childhood," Keira murmured softly.
The room fell silent for a moment.
Lewis broke the tension with his usual optimism, "Let's focus on the good things. Her future's going to be nothing but happiness."
Keira couldn't help but laugh at his relentless positivity.
As they chatted, Erin walked in, looking unusually troubled. "Keira, I don't think I can help you with this one. I've been digging through my medical books, brainstorming every solution I could think of, but Monbatten's infertility... there's really nothing I can do. His only hope is to find *the* one woman who can bear his child."
Keira sighed. "And it needs to be a son, right? They've got a royal lineage to maintain." "No, actually," Erin replied. "In their country, women can inherit the throne too. Monbatten's predecessor was his mother, so it doesn't matter if it's a boy or a girl. Either way, the child would be precious. It's just... who knows who that woman will be."
Keira let out another sigh.
Jenkins, who had been quiet up until now, finally spoke up. "No child, no deal. That leaves us in a tough spot."
Erin groaned dramatically. "If only babies could just fall from the sky. Or, better yet, if the government handed them out! The South family has always struggled with fertility. It's why I've been researching it for so long, but... it's hard. There's no easy solution." While the adults were deep in discussion, little Amy quietly grabbed the remote and turned on the TV. She flipped through a few channels before settling on the news. Keira glanced over and chuckled. "Amy's really picking up habits from Uncle Olsen, isn't she? Watching the news now?"
Everyone laughed.
On screen, the news replayed footage of Monbatten.
Amy's eyes lit up. She pointed at the TV excitedly. "Daddy!"
Everyone froze, turning to look at her.
Keira frowned, confused. "Who are you calling 'Daddy"?"
Amy jabbed her tiny finger at the screen. "Daddy!"
###Chapter 808
808  Chapter 807 
Amy immediately pointed to the TV and said, "Daddy!" Everyone turned to look at the screen, but the broadcast had already shifted. There was no trace of Monbatten anymore. Amy scanned the TV anxiously, flipping channels with the remote. After a few moments, she plopped onto the floor in disappointment. Keira walked over and scooped her up. "Missing Daddy?" "Daddy!" Amy replied with a firm nod. At just three years old, Amy had been through so much. Howard and his mother had mistreated her horribly, leaving her timid and withdrawn. Only recently, after living in a loving home with Keira and Lewis, had she started to blossom. 
Even so, she often struggled to express herself. Now, clutching the remote tightly, she jabbed a finger toward the TV in frustration. "Daddy!" The screen switched to a news anchor, and Keira couldn't help but chuckle. 
"Do you think he's handsome? Is that why you're calling him Daddy?" "No!" Amy protested, her little face scrunched in frustration. 
"Not him! Daddy is in the TV!" Keira brushed a hand over Amy's hair. "Alright, sweetie. Next time you see him, point him out to me, okay?" Amy sighed, defeated. "Okay." 
Then she turned to Keira, her voice quiet but sure. "Mommy, you told me Daddy is in the TV." Keira froze. Erin approached, raising an eyebrow. "Was it something your sister told her? Could she be fangirling over some actor? You know, like those women who call celebrities their husbands and get their kids to join in?" Jenkins rolled his eyes. "Not everything's a reality show, Erin." Erin crossed her arms. "Then what do you think it is?" Jenkins paused, considering. "Maybe her husband was so cruel that your sister made up a better story—said her dad was someone else." Keira nodded thoughtfully. "That does make sense." The three of them lingered in silence around Amy until she let out a soft yawn. Keira carried her into the bedroom and tucked her into bed. "Alright." 
As Amy's eyes drooped, Keira hummed a soft lullaby. Watching the little girl relax, Keira couldn't help but feel her heart ache. Amy reminded her so much of herself at that age. At three, Keira's life had been even harsher. 
 Her father had no affection for her, and Poppy despised her. Locked in the basement, Keira would stare out of a small window, dreaming of the outside world. Hunger had driven her to search through dumpsters. She'd once found a box of expired crackers, and it felt like striking gold. She hid them in her room, savoring each piece as if it were a treasure. Back then, her only dream was to grow up and never go hungry again. For years, even after earning a stable income, Keira compulsively stockpiled food—bags of rice, boxes of pasta—anything to feel secure. Her fondest memory from those dark days was of her mother, Jodie South, playing with Isla. 
Unlike Poppy, Jodie had been a source of light, a woman full of warmth and wisdom. Jodie painted, wrote poetry, and even once signed up for flight lessons on a whim. 
Isla had asked her why she dabbled in so many things, and Jodie simply replied, "Because I want to." Isla asked if Jodie was disappointed in her grades. 
Jodie said, "No. I didn't have good grades when I was young." 
Jodie's words and actions shaped Keira. Whenever Poppy lashed out, Keira would imagine Jodie's calm demeanor. 
Over time, Keira stopped crying when she was hit. 
Crying didn't solve problems; Jodie had taught her that. To the three-year-old Keira, Jodie was the only warmth in her life. She was the only person that would offer Keira candy and smile at her. 
And then there was Jodie's smile. "You're beautiful when you smile," she had once said to Keira. So, Keira learned to smile, even in the worst moments. 
That smile unnerved Poppy, which gave Keira a small sense of power. When did the beating stop? 
The turning point came when Keira turned seven. Jodie had gifted her a sketchbook and warned Poppy to stop the abuse—or she'd report her to the authorities. Keira looked down at Amy, her heart aching. 
With Amy's mother gone, it was her responsibility to make sure this little girl never walked the same path she had. She gently stroked Amy's hair before quietly slipping out of the room. Outside, Lewis was waiting by the door. "Why are you still here?" Keira asked. "Waiting for you." His voice was soft. "Is she asleep?" "Yeah," Keira replied with a sigh. "But even in her dreams, she's calling for her dad. I think it's time we figure out who her father really is." Keira continued, "We've done our best to give her love, but she needs something more—a father's love." 
###Chapter 809
809  Chapter 808 
Lewis nodded silently in agreement. 
The two of them peeked into Amy's room, watching her peaceful sleep before softly closing the door behind them. 
"I'll collect her DNA sample tomorrow and have someone start looking," Lewis said, breaking the quiet. 
"I'll do the same on my end," Keira replied. 
They exchanged a glance, both letting out a sigh. 
How could they possibly find Amy's father in such a vast world? 
That night, Keira struggled to fall asleep. Memories from her childhood kept playing in her mind. Back then, apart from her infatuation with Jodie South, her deepest desire had been to sit atop her dad's shoulders, to experience the love she saw when her father carried Isla. 
She had craved a father's love so deeply then. Now, Amy must feel the same way, she thought. 
Keira tossed and turned. She still couldn't sleep. Suddenly, an arm draped over her shoulder, its weight comforting yet firm."What's wrong?" Lewis's raspy voice broke the silence. 
"Nothing. Go back to sleep," she whispered. 
She slipped out of bed, put on her slippers, and left the room. 
Lewis, exhausted from his dual roles as her bodyguard and the head of the Horton Group, merely glanced her way before sinking back into his pillow. 
Downstairs, Keira made her way to the kitchen. She poured herself a glass of water and took a sip. 
Suddenly, she heard footsteps. Turning her head, she saw Uncle Olsen emerge from the shadows, dressed in black silk pajamas. 
His presence exuded an effortless authority, like a king of the night. 
"Couldn't sleep?" he asked softly, his tone surprisingly gentle. 
Keira nodded. 
"I kept thinking about how much Amy wants to find her dad. I want to help her." 
Uncle Olsen's gaze softened. "Did you ever think about me when you were little?" 
Keira blinked, caught off guard. 
"Did you wonder what kind of man your father was?" he pressed. 
She hesitated before replying, "I always thought Taylor Olsen was my dad." 
"Ah, right," he muttered, scratching his head awkwardly. "I forgot about him." 
"Wait, you knew him?" Keira asked, her curiosity piqued. 
"Yes," he replied with a scowl. "Back in college, your mother, Taylor, and I were classmates. He was like a shadow, always lurking, always watching your mom. 
"I warned her to stay away from him, but she didn't listen. Said he wasn't a bad person. Ha! Not a bad person? He imprisoned her, Keira. He did horrible things to her." 
As Uncle Olsen ranted, Keira couldn't help but laugh. 
"What's so funny?" he asked, narrowing his eyes. 
"Sounds like you were jealous," she teased. 
He snorted. "I just couldn't understand your mom. Maybe it was the South family she was worried about. But she wouldn't tell me anything. Instead, she ran off with Charles Olsen to Oceanion. Maybe I wasn't good enough to make her feel safe." 
"That's not it," Keira said softly. "Looking back, I realized something. Mom didn't love Taylor, which was why she didn't care when he brought another woman into the house. She tolerated it because he didn't matter to her." 
Uncle Olsen nodded thoughtfully. "I believe that too. Your mom had too good of an eye for people to fall for someone like him." 
"Honestly," Keira added, "finding out that Taylor wasn't my dad was a relief. For the first time, I felt like I wasn't unwanted. He didn't want me, sure, but you—you always wanted to see me. I felt so smug ignoring your constant attempts to meet me." 
Uncle Olsen gave her a mock glare. "You little brat." 
Keira chuckled. "It was the first time I felt truly valued. You wanted to see me three times a day, without fail." 
Her laughter faded as her thoughts drifted to Jake Horton. 
Back in college, she had almost said yes to his persistent pursuit. He had been the one person who never gave up on her, and she'd mistaken his attention for love. 
What if he'd proposed back then? She wouldn't have known if she was marrying for love or simply for the safety he represented. 
Uncle Olsen's voice pulled her back to the present. "Keira, childhood needs a lifetime to heal, but a father's love can heal a broken childhood." 
Keira froze, her breath catching. 
"No matter what you decide to do," Uncle Olsen continued, "I'll support you unconditionally. You like feeling valued? Fine. Starting tomorrow, I'll beg to see you every day. No exceptions. Whatever it takes, I'll make sure you feel loved." 
Keira's eyes stung with tears. After a long pause, she finally whispered, "Dad."
###Chapter 810
810  Chapter 809 
Uncle Olsen acknowledged Keira's heartfelt "Dad" with a simple "Yeah." 
That single word carried the depth of love and acceptance he felt from her, a love that had finally rooted itself deep within her heart. 
This child, at long last, acknowledged him. 
He patted her shoulder affectionately. 
That night, father and daughter talked for hours. Most of the conversation revolved around Uncle Olsen asking questions and Keira answering. 
He wanted to know everything—how she grew up, her favorite foods, her preferred colors, and every little detail. 
Keira answered earnestly, her responses sincere and thoughtful. 
Before they knew it, it was late into the night. Exhaustion overtook Keira, and they finally parted ways. She returned to her room, but just as she lay down, she found herself enveloped in Lewis's arms. 
Looking at the man beside her and thinking of Uncle Olsen, who was now also part of her home, Keira suddenly felt an overwhelming sense of love surrounding her. 
With a peaceful heart, she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep. 
By the time she woke, the sun was high in the sky. She glanced at the clock—it was already noon. Stretching lazily, she got out of bed, freshened up, and stepped out to find Lewis in the study next door, engrossed in an international conference call. 
Not wanting to disturb him, she headed downstairs. 
As she passed the dining room, she noticed Jenkins and Erin sitting with Sean Church, who looked frail as ever. 
Since Jenkins's cover as "Lion" had been blown, she'd completely dropped the meek act, turning into a carefree freeloader much like Erin. 
Now, the two were practically a pair of professional housemates, doing little beyond eating and causing minor chaos. 
Whenever Keira called them out, they protested vehemently. 
Jenkins would argue, "Fix the Monbatten King issue for me or deal with the Clownfish crew, and I'll have plenty to do! You think I like sitting around? My company's waiting for me!" 
Meanwhile, Erin would declare boldly, "I'm just a foodie. What's wrong with enjoying some good meals every day? Why so strict?" 
Keira was speechless. 
What a pair. 
She had given up debating with them, letting them go about their antics. 
Today, their target was Sean. 
Jenkins grinned. "Don't you get hungry skipping meals like that?" 
Sean nodded calmly. "I do, but I can't eat." 
Erin, munching on her food, looked incredulous. "How can anyone not like eating? Food is so amazing…" 
Sean gave a faint smile. "I'd love to know why I ended up with an eating disorder too." 
As they chatted, Keira came downstairs. 
The moment Sean saw her, he stood quickly—too quickly. 
A wave of dizziness hit him, and his assistant immediately steadied him. "Sir, you're anemic. You can't stand up so fast," the assistant said with concern. 
Sean managed a weak smile. "Noted. I'll be more careful next time." 
Turning to Keira, he said, "I hope I'm not being too presumptuous, but I was wondering if you could make me some pasta." 
Keira rolled up her sleeves. "Sure." 
She headed to the kitchen and began kneading the dough. 
A few moments later, Erin slipped in, sighing dramatically. "I've known you this long, and I've never tasted your cooking." 
Keira shot her a look but grabbed more flour to make an extra serving. 
Just as she started mixing, Jenkins sauntered in. "Mind making me a portion too?" 
With a resigned sigh, Keira added yet another portion. She glanced toward the doorway and caught Lewis standing there. He hadn't said a word, but the expectant look in his eyes was impossible to ignore. 
Silently, she prepared more dough. 
By the end, what started as a single serving turned into enough pasta for seven. 
Why seven? 
Because Uncle Olsen and the pregnant Mary joined in, followed by Ellis, who had been lured in by the aroma. 
At lunchtime, the dining table was uncharacteristically quiet as everyone focused on their pasta. The sound of slurping filled the air, accompanied by occasional sighs of satisfaction. 
Sean, looking noticeably more energized, gave Keira a rare, genuine smile. The color in his cheeks had returned, and Keira couldn't help but laugh at his contented expression. 
Afterward, everyone lounged on the sofa, rubbing their full stomachs. 
Erin declared, "Keira, your cooking is the best! I'm stuffed!" 
She popped a piece of candy into her mouth as she spoke. 
Jenkins could only roll his eyes. 
Even Sean, touching his stomach with an uncharacteristically relaxed demeanor, said, "Oh, by the way, I'll be hosting Monbatten for dinner in a few days. Would you all like to join?" 
Jenkins immediately straightened. "You're close with Monbatten?" 
Sean replied modestly, "We know each other." 
Keira thought for a moment before nodding. "Sure, we'll go." 
Uncle Olsen chimed in, "Count me in—and bring Amy along!"
###Chapter 811
811  Chapter 810 
Uncle Olsen's words left Keira momentarily stunned. He chuckled. "I just want to see the kind of people you surround yourself with. Besides, aren't you trying to land a collaboration? If I tag along, I might be able to help." Keira raised an eyebrow. "Then why are you bringing Amy?" Uncle Olsen sighed. "Lately, every time Monbatten shows up on TV, she gets all excited. I figured I'd let her meet the man himself." He looked a little exasperated. Other kids were into pop stars, but Amy? She got all worked up watching the evening news. If she were fawning over some singer or actor, Uncle Olsen could probably arrange a meet-and-greet. But Monbatten? Sure, he could pull some strings to meet the guy, but Amy was only three! At this age, fangirling over a king? What's next, wanting to be queen someday? With these thoughts swirling, he turned to Keira. "Do you have an idol?" As soon as he asked, Lewis's head snapped toward her. Keira's mouth twitched. "Sure." "Who?" Uncle Olsen leaned in, curious. "A guy or a girl? If it's someone from the entertainment industry, I can make it happen. My company owns a production house, after all." "…" Lewis gave Uncle Olsen a wounded look and cleared his throat. "Dad, there's no need to be that enthusiastic." Uncle Olsen's tone was casual. "Why? Feeling threatened? You should feel a little pressure. My daughter's amazing. Did you think you'd be the only man in her life?" Lewis was dumbfounded. 
Seeing his growing anxiety, Keira finally spoke up. "Relax. My idol's my mom." Uncle Olsen nodded approvingly. "That's fair. Your mom's incredible; it makes sense you'd look up to her." Lewis quickly joined in. "Absolutely. My mother-in-law has unparalleled elegance." In an instant, the two of them were on the same page again. Keira didn't even want to look at them. She shifted her attention to Sean. "How do you know King Monbatten?" Sean glanced at her before answering. "Country A actively encourages entrepreneurs like us. It's not that surprising I know him. Don't you all know him, too? Isn't the king pretty welcoming to businesspeople?" Keira paused, and Jenkins chimed in, "Then why isn't he so friendly to me? I even attended a banquet with him once. I've got businesses in Country A, too." Sean stayed silent, but the assistant beside him spoke up. "Miss Jenkins, how much do you pay in taxes annually over there?" Jenkins tilted her chin up. "Over a hundred million dollars." Country A's total national revenue was only a few billion a year. For Jenkins to contribute that much in taxes? Pretty impressive. She added proudly, "Monbatten does host networking events for business leaders. He invites people like us—less than fifty across the entire country!" Her sense of accomplishment was clear. As she basked in it, Sean exchanged a glance with his assistant, both breaking into faint smiles. Jenkins frowned. "What's so funny?" The assistant cleared his throat. "Do you know how much the Church family pays in taxes to Country A every year?" Jenkins shook her head. "Two billion dollars." Jenkins was dumbstruck. "In taxes?" "That's right." The assistant nodded. "The king frequently invites the Church family to events. Even when Sean's here in Crera, Monbatten calls him regularly, asking him to come back for gatherings." Jenkins swallowed hard. "He's afraid you'll relocate your businesses here, isn't he?" The assistant shrugged. "Who knows? But last time they met at a club, Sean casually mentioned hosting a private birthday party and asked if the king would come. Monbatten immediately said yes." Jenkins was shocked. 
She exchanged a look with Erin before sighing. "No wonder I can't sway him. Guess I just don't have enough money." If she could contribute half of Country A's tax revenue, Monbatten would probably treat her just as favorably. Erin cracked open a pistachio and popped it into her mouth. "All these numbers sound like gibberish to me. Honestly, I don't even know how much my company earns every year. I leave it to my CEO to handle." Jenkins pursed her lips. "That just means your earnings are peanuts." Keira doubted that. Erin held immense sway in the medical field. If she claimed she didn't know, it was probably true—she just didn't care. Because all Erin really cared about was food. Still… who exactly was Sean Church? How did he have such a high standing with Monbatten? As Keira mulled it over, Sean turned to her. "Are you trying to meet Monbatten for something? If you need help convincing him, I could put in a good word." Jenkins lit up instantly. "Really?" "Of course. Miss Olsen is practically my savior. I've been waiting for a chance to repay the favor." 
###Chapter 812
812  Chapter 811
Sean finished his sentence, then turned with a smile to look at Keira.
Keira didn't know what to say.
Lately, the man looked healthier, with a bit more fullness to his face, which somehow made him even more striking than when she'd first seen him at the Olsen residence.
When he smiled like that, it was like the first warm breeze of spring.
Keira couldn't help but smile back.
At this moment, Lewis cut in, his tone sharp. "Thanks, Mr. Church. When's the party? My wife and I would be honored to drop by."
Keira fell silent.
The jealousy was practically dripping.
This man was always jealous. Anywhere, anytime.
Sean didn't seem to notice Lewis's tone. He smiled and replied, "Three days from now."
Then, he glanced at Amy, waving gently. "What a cute little girl! Is she your sister's child?"
Amy still looked a little shy, her small, heart-shaped face endearing with its wide, almond-shaped eyes that curved like crescent moons when she smiled.
Hearing Sean's question, she gave him a sweet grin. "Hi, pretty sister."
Sean paused, then let out a chuckle. "Actually, I'm a pretty brother—or no, an uncle to you, technically. Calling me 'sister' makes me feel like I've skipped a whole generation."
Amy blinked at him, clearly confused.
Her innocent, wide-eyed gaze seemed to ask, "Why does this pretty lady with a ponytail want me to call her Uncle?"
Sean shook his head with a smile, reached out to gently pat her head, then turned to Keira. "Miss Olsen, are you free for lunch today?"
Keira was perplexed.
Before she could answer, Jenkins and Erin stepped forward.
Jenkins raised an eyebrow. "What's this about?"
Sean lowered his gaze, a sheepish look on his face. "Nothing, really. I just figured, since I'm already here, maybe I could stick around for lunch."
The group didn't know what to say.
Jenkins thought for a moment but stayed silent.
Erin, on the other hand, swallowed audibly and turned to look at Keira, her expression hopeful.
Keira was dumbfounded.
Why did she suddenly feel like everyone thought she was their personal chef?
Before she could respond, Lewis stepped in decisively. "We're busy. Sorry."
With that, he grabbed Keira's hand and led her outside.
Keira followed him to the parking lot, and once they were in the car, she asked, "Where are we going? What's so urgent?"
Lewis glanced at her, his voice calm. "Your call. We haven't been on a date in ages."
Keira raised an eyebrow. "So… no plans? You just made that up?"
"Yeah. I just didn't want you cooking for them. I mean, I can't even bear to let you do that, and they act like it's no big deal. So shameless."
Keira stifled a laugh. "What is this? Jealousy? Or are you just worried about me?"
"Both," Lewis muttered, his face darkening. "They're like moths to a flame—constantly orbiting you, like their lives depend on it. Don't they have their own stuff to do?"
Keira laughed even harder. "Sean has a legitimate excuse—his eating disorder means he can only handle my cooking. I can't exactly let him starve."
"Fine, he gets a pass," Lewis grumbled. "But what about the rest of them? Eating eight bowls of pasta in one sitting—do they not care about wearing you out?"
He reached over and rubbed her wrist gently. "I don't want you overworking yourself."
Keira flexed her hand with a smirk. "Back when I trained in martial arts, my master had me carrying buckets while doing horse stance. This is nothing."
"That's different," Lewis said firmly. "That was exercise. This is housework."
Seeing how adamant he was, Keira nodded with a playful smile. "Alright, I'll listen to you. From now on, I'll only cook for Sean."
Lewis nodded in satisfaction.
The car glided onto the road, the two of them driving aimlessly through Clance.
Although the weather was turning colder, today had warmed up a bit. Keira opened the sunroof and windows, letting the breeze blow in and lift her hair. It was refreshing.
She gazed out at the passing scenery before turning to Lewis, who was focused on the road. A wave of contentment washed over her.
If her mother were still here… If the Olsen family drama didn't exist… could her life with Lewis be this peaceful and happy?
The thought made her lean back in her seat. Before she knew it, she'd drifted off to sleep.
When she woke up, the car was still moving.
Keira stretched and looked outside. The sky had gone dark. She checked the time—it had been ten hours.
She turned to Lewis in disbelief. "Where are we?"
"On the road outside your family's house."
Keira blinked. "How many laps have you done?"
"Not sure. Didn't count."
She paused. "You've been driving for ten hours?"
Lewis nodded. "Yeah. You seemed comfortable. I didn't want to stop and wake you up."
A warmth bloomed in Keira's chest.
Because she hadn't slept well the night before, Lewis had essentially chauffeured her around all day so she could rest.
It had been ages since she'd had such a sound sleep—so deep and relaxing that it left her dazed. How long had it been since she'd felt this at ease?
As a child, she never slept well at the Olsen house, always on edge, waiting for Poppy to barge in and hit her.
Later, when she moved out, it was even worse. No matter how brave she pretended to be, she'd been a thirteen-year-old girl, alone in a cold, empty apartment. How could she not be scared?
For the first time, she'd slept without a care in the world—thanks to him.
###Chapter 813
813  Chapter 812 
Keira glanced at Lewis and spoke softly, "Let's head home." 
"Alright," he replied. 
She hesitated for a moment before continuing, "Don't drive like that again, though. Ten hours straight? That's not safe." 
"I wasn't tired," Lewis said, his deep voice even more captivating under the night sky. He gave her a small smile. "How about this? Every couple of weeks, I'll take you on a drive like this, just to let you relax." 
Keira chuckled. "That's not necessary." 
"It is," Lewis insisted. 
The car pulled into the driveway of the Olsen estate. After parking, Lewis turned to her, his tone suddenly serious. "Keira, I don't know what challenges the South family might throw your way, or what's waiting for you in the future, but I want you to know—you don't have to be afraid. I'll always be here with you." 
Keira froze. 
There were tears in her eyes. 
Don't be afraid. 
It wasn't something she heard often. 
Most people assumed she was strong enough to handle anything—whether it was Erin, Jenkins, or even little Amy. They all leaned on her. But Lewis was the only one who told her it was okay not to be fearless. 
She took a deep breath and nodded. "Got it." 
Lewis reached out and ruffled her hair gently. "No matter what or who you face, I'll be by your side." 
"Okay." 
As Keira finished her response, she couldn't resist leaning in to kiss him lightly. 
Then she moved to leave the car—but before she could, Lewis grabbed her arm and pulled her back. 
The next thing she knew, his kiss was no longer gentle but bold and commanding. 
Her eyes widened, but eventually, she gave in, matching his rhythm. 
The night was heavy and quiet, the moon shyly hidden behind clouds. 
Suddenly, Keira's senses sharpened. She pushed Lewis away abruptly and turned to the front of the car. 
There they were—Jenkins, Erin, Charles, Peter, and Amy—five heads peeking over the hood. 
"What are Mom and Dad doing?" Amy whispered curiously. 
"Shh…" 
Erin smirked and muttered, "Not for kids to know! They're making you a little brother or sister." 
"Ohhh," Amy said knowingly, then continued to watch. 
Keira was shocked. 
Had they…seen everything? 
She and Lewis exchanged a glance before he calmly opened the car door and stepped out. 
Keira followed, her expression unreadable. 
Erin came bounding over with a mischievous grin. "Hey, hey! Sorry to interrupt you two!" 
"What's there to interrupt?" 
Keira replied flatly. "I had something in my eye, and Lewis was helping me blow it out." 
Erin blinked. "Really? I thought you were kissing!" 
Keira shot her a look. "You're too young to be thinking such nonsense. This is Clance, not some country where people act recklessly." 
With that, she scooped up Amy and grabbed Lewis's hand, heading inside. 
Erin stood frozen. "Wait…did I really get it wrong?" 
Charles chimed in, "Maybe not. But from that angle, it could've been a trick of perspective. Erin, should we test it ourselves?" 
"Shut up, Charles!" 
Meanwhile, Jenkins ignored the banter entirely and followed Keira inside. 
Once Keira settled on the couch with a glass of water, Jenkins approached her while Lewis disappeared into the kitchen to prepare dinner for them. "Keira, how's it going with Monbatten? Any progress?" 
Keira shook her head. "None." 
"None?!" Jenkins looked appalled. "Then what were you doing all day?" 
"Sleeping," Keira said matter-of-factly. 
Jenkins was dumbfounded. 
"I slept the whole day," Keira added with a straight face. 
Jenkins didn't know what to say. 
Her mouth fell open in shock. "Rabbit! Do you even care about my situation?" 
Keira coughed lightly. "Don't be so anxious—" 
"How can I not be? We're talking about my company!" 
Keira smirked. "The company Sean Church called 'mediocre'?" 
Jenkins was speechless. 
Keira laughed. "This isn't something we can rush. We can't just conjure up a child for Monbatten, so there's only one option." 
"And that is?" Jenkins demanded. 
"We need to counter Clownfish in a way Monbatten will accept." 
Jenkins sighed deeply. "Monbatten doesn't allow underhanded tactics. In Country A, royal endorsement is everything. Do you get that? I'm even starting to suspect Monbatten and Clownfish have already struck a deal. I've reached out to him multiple times, submitted requests for meetings, and he hasn't responded once…" 
Keira fell silent for a moment. 
Jenkins fixed her with a determined stare. "If you can help me win Monbatten over and reclaim my company, I swear I'll join your team!"
###Chapter 814
814  Chapter 813 
Jenkins barely got the words out before Erin chimed in, her tone dripping with sarcasm. "And what good is that promise of yours? If you can't even take back your company, it's not like you have another option. You'll end up joining us anyway." 
She popped a peanut into her mouth and walked over casually. "By the way, was that just a threat you threw at Keira? You know she hates being pressured." 
Jenkins scowled. "Why are you always around to stir the pot? That wasn't a threat." 
"Sure sounded like one to me! Keira, see? I'm the only one who genuinely wants you on our side. Everyone else has their own motives." 
Jenkins looked exasperated. "Erin, you're impossible!" 
Before she could argue further, Keira raised a hand, cutting them off. "Both of you, stop. Your bickering is giving me a headache." 
The two of them immediately quieted down. 
Keira turned back to Jenkins. "I'll handle Monbatten—not for you, but because it's necessary for my own plans. As for Clownfish, she'll either surrender or become my enemy." 
Jenkins hesitated before nodding. "If you can get Clownfish on your side, make her stop targeting me. Let me go back to my company. I miss it." 
Keira rolled her eyes. "Got it." 
She never thought Lion would be in such a sorry state. 
She barely finished the thought when Erin piped up again, her voice gleeful. "Never thought I'd see such a pitiful Lion. Honestly, 'Lion' was a terrible choice. You should've gone with 'Drenched Cat.'" 
Jenkins raised a fist. "Say that again, and I'll—" 
Erin smirked, tilting her head smugly. "What? You gonna hit me? You think you could?" 
With that, she flicked her hair and sauntered off, her head held high. 
Jenkins stood there, fists clenched in frustration. 
Not far away, Peter and Charles watched the scene unfold from a safe distance. They exchanged a glance before quickly looking away, as if trying to avoid getting dragged into the chaos. 
Charles cleared his throat awkwardly. "So, Peter, where are you planning to live after you're married?" 
Peter jumped on the chance to change the subject. "Well, even though the family doesn't really divide up properties, it's normal for a couple to want their own space. I've got a house on the south side of town." 
Charles nodded quickly. "Great, then I'll renovate the villa on the north side. Once I graduate, Erin and I will move there." 
"Sounds good." 
Peter nodded too, but internally he was less sure. 
Would those two tear each other apart living under the same roof? 
He sighed to himself. Back when he first met Jenkins, she'd seemed so sweet and levelheaded. Not the fiery, chaotic force of nature she turned out to be. 
Then again… there was something endearing about her feistiness. 
Three days later, the Olsen family was up early, gearing up for Sean Church's banquet. 
Both Jenkins and Erin were definitely going. After all, they needed to make a good impression on Monbatten, and Erin was still hoping for a shot at treating his mysterious illness. 
Uncle Olsen was coming too, holding little Amy as they loaded up into a spacious van that could seat seven or eight. 
Amy was positively beaming. 
Bundled in a pink puffy jacket over a white tulle dress, her rosy cheeks and bright eyes made her look like a little porcelain doll. 
Seeing her so cheerful, Keira couldn't help but ask, "What's got you so excited?" 
Amy nodded enthusiastically. "I'm happy!" 
"Do you like Monbatten that much?" 
Amy's eyes lit up even more, and she nodded again, her delight almost blinding. 
The name seemed to trigger something in her, and her smile turned nostalgic. Over the past few days, she'd seen Monbatten on TV a lot and kept calling him "Daddy." 
But no one believed her. 
Not even Mommy. 
Amy felt a pang of sadness. 
Mommy used to show her pictures, again and again, making sure she'd never forget. 
"This is your daddy," she'd say, pointing to the screen, showing her videos. 
So why didn't Mommy remember now? 
Amy didn't understand, but she had made up her mind. Today, when she met Daddy, she'd make sure to ask him. 
She clutched her resolve tightly, her grin even brighter. 
Keira, watching her daughter's uncontainable joy, was struck by how much she looked like a little fan meeting her idol. She sighed and massaged her temples. 
No wonder Uncle Olsen kept teasing her about being jealous. 
Keira had grown deeply attached to Amy in the months they'd spent together. 
She picked her up, settling her onto her lap. "When we get there, remember to be polite, okay?" 
Amy nodded eagerly. 
Then she glanced out the window. "Mommy, are we at Daddy's house yet?" 
Keira stiffened. 
"Stop calling him Daddy!" 
"Okay, Mommy." 
"You got it?" 
"Got it!" 
Amy nodded so hard it looked like her head might fall off. 
But inside, she held onto her original plan. 
Mommy's memory had been a little off lately, so it was up to her to remember. After all, Mommy had once told her that when she finally met Daddy, she should run straight to him and claim her place as his daughter. And Amy fully intended to do just that.
###Chapter 815
815 Chapter 814
Amy's thoughts were a mystery to Keira and the rest.
Keira, on the other hand, believed she had finally calmed the little one down and let out a small sigh of relief.
Soon, the group arrived at Sean Church's place.
Calling it a "place" felt like an understatement—it was part of an exclusive vacation villa complex.
Sean greeted them at the entrance. As the cars pulled into the parking lot and everyone got out, Sean began explaining.
"I don't own a house in Clance. When I heard you were staying here, I couldn't find a decent property on short notice. So, I bought one of these villas to settle in."
Jenkins glanced around curiously before commenting, "Wait, I thought these vacation villas weren't for sale. How'd you manage to get one?"
These villas were essentially part of a luxury resort—a place reserved for the elite. Each villa operated like a high-end hotel room and wasn't meant for private ownership.
Sean responded casually, "Oh, I bought the entire complex. Now, you can all stay here for free anytime you want."
Jenkins was momentarily speechless.
Buy the entire complex? Who even does that?
This was Clance, after all—one of the most expensive cities in the country.
Unable to hold back her curiosity, she asked, "How much did that set you back?"
Sean waved her off like it was nothing and held up five fingers.
"Five million?" Jenkins guessed.
Sean nodded.
His assistant, who was standing nearby, added, "In dollars."
Jenkins nearly tripped over her own feet.
Five hundred million dollars. And he called that "not much"?
Just how much money did this guy's family even have?
Well, she reasoned, considering he paid hundreds of millions in taxes back in Country A, maybe this kind of spending really wasn't a big deal for him.
Letting out an exaggerated sigh, Jenkins walked over to Erin and muttered, "It's ridiculous how people like him even exist. Makes the rest of us look pathetic."
Erin, sucking on a lollipop, tilted her head. "What's up?"
Jenkins grumbled, "Five hundred million dollars. For a vacation complex in the suburbs."
Erin's eyes widened. "That cheap? What a steal!"
Jenkins gawked at her. "Aren't you supposed to be broke? Stop pretending!"
With that, she let out a huff and walked ahead.
Erin was left standing there, looking a bit perplexed. "I mean, I don't know exactly how much money I have, but I'm definitely not broke."
As the person overseeing an entire medical system, she couldn't possibly be short on funds. She simply had no concept of her own wealth.
Popping the lollipop back in her mouth, Erin trailed behind the group.
Sean, now leading the way, started explaining to Keira, Lewis, and Uncle Olsen, "This complex has twenty villas, all enclosed in a private area. I didn't like the noise, so I bought out the whole thing. Right now, I'm the only one living here, so it feels a bit empty. But if I decide to settle here permanently, I'll probably bring over more people."
His assistant nodded in agreement. "Yes, at least a few hundred staff members will need to move here to take care of Mr. Church. It's a shame, though. The estate we just finished building in Oceanion will go to waste now that you've decided to relocate, Ms. Olsen."
Keira paused mid-step.
So, wherever she went, Sean would just… follow?
The group continued chatting as they entered Sean's villa, which was clearly the crown jewel of the entire complex.
The space was massive, with luxurious furnishings and top-tier decor. Everything was fully equipped, right down to the smallest details.
Jenkins wandered around, taking it all in, while Erin headed straight to the kitchen to scope out the food situation.
Amy, having slipped out of Keira's arms, explored the villa on her own, her curious little steps darting here and there.
Lewis stuck close to Amy, ready to catch her if she stumbled.
As everyone busied themselves exploring, the sound of cars pulling up outside broke the calm.
Sean glanced toward the door. "That should be King Monbatten arriving."
Amy's head whipped around at the mention of "king," her eyes glued to the doorway.
Sean stepped out to greet their guest.
Keira and the others, being guests themselves, stayed in the living room. Jenkins quickly made her way over to Keira and nudged her. "Look, when Monbatten comes in, you need to step up your game. Be friendly, make an impression. Last time, he couldn't even bother looking in my direction. But he looked at you a couple of times, so you're already ahead of the rest of us."
Keira pursed her lips, feeling more than a little out of her depth. She was terrible at small talk and had no idea how to charm someone like that.
While she hesitated, Sean walked back in with Monbatten in tow.
Sean's demeanor was noticeably more relaxed than when dealing with Keira. Even so, he remained polite as he introduced everyone in the room.
Keira stepped forward to shake hands with Monbatten.
"It's good to see you again, Ms. Olsen," Monbatten greeted with a warm smile.
Keira returned a polite smile. "Likewise."
Jenkins wasted no time and jumped into the conversation. "King Monbatten, how have you been these days?"
Monbatten sighed. "I'm here seeking medical help. It's been a rough time trying to find the right person."
Jenkins discreetly nudged Keira, urging her to take the lead.
Keira, now thoroughly out of ideas, was saved by a sudden interruption.
A small figure darted across the room and latched onto Monbatten's leg.
Keira turned in shock to see Amy hugging the king's leg, her face beaming with excitement.
"Daddy!" she exclaimed.
###Chapter 816
816 Chapter 815
"Daddy! Daddy!"
Amy tilted her head up, her eyes bright with excitement as she called out, "Daddy!"
Monbatten froze in place, staring down at the tiny girl. His brows furrowed in confusion. "What did you just call me?"
"Daddy! You're Daddy!"
Her sweet, clear voice rang through the room, leaving Monbatten stunned.
Squatting down to her eye level, Monbatten suddenly chuckled. "How old are you, little one?"
Amy replied in her childish lilt, "Three!"
Keira, standing nearby, found herself at a loss for words, torn between laughter and frustration.
Amy had always been such a well-behaved child and had promised not to cause trouble on the way here. So why was she acting up now?
Keira stepped forward, a polite but apologetic smile on her face. "King Monbatten, I'm so sorry. This is my daughter. She's just teasing you."
Monbatten waved her off with an indulgent laugh. "No worries. She's adorable."
Then, with a wistful sigh, he added, "I wish I had a daughter as sweet as her."
Amy's face lit up as she pointed at herself. "Daddy, I am your daughter!"
Monbatten laughed again, though this time softer. "Alright, alright. You're my daughter."
He reached out to gently pat her head, his eyes growing tender.
For years now, the desire for a child had been a quiet ache in his chest.
In his youth, he'd felt no rush, confident in his health and vigor. But by twenty-five, when he finally started longing for a family, the dream of fatherhood remained elusive.
Now, at thirty-three, the shadow of succession loomed. Without an heir, the pressure to adopt or designate one from the extended family grew heavier by the day. After all, a king couldn't leave the throne without a successor, and Country A couldn't risk losing its future crown prince.
Monbatten found his gaze returning to Amy.
There was a purity in her large, sparkling eyes—like fresh grapes in the morning sun. Her small, heart-shaped face and pointed chin tugged at his heartstrings.
He ran a hand over her hair and turned to Keira. "Why is she so thin?"
Keira sighed. "She's actually put on a little weight. She's just built this way."
When Amy had been under Keera's care, meals were sporadic, often missed or poorly prepared. After Keira had taken her in, Amy's diet improved, but her delicate build remained the same.
Her petite, almost fragile frame often reminded people of an ethereal character from a classic novel—beautiful and yet so easy to pity.
Keira glanced at Amy.
This little one's sudden outburst, calling Monbatten "Daddy," had been terribly improper, but the king's lack of irritation spoke volumes about Amy's charm.
In the Olsen family, it was the same—no one, from the youngest to the eldest, could resist Amy's sweetness.
Her soft-spoken words, paired with those shy, pleading eyes, seemed to silently beg: Please love me.
She was simply irresistible.
Even Monbatten, known for his indifference toward children, was clearly taken with her.
Years of longing for a child had made Monbatten sensitive to the topic. His relatives often flaunted their offspring before him, hoping to strengthen their standing in the royal line.
The overexposure had left him exasperated and weary of children in general.
But Amy was different. From the moment he saw her, she had been utterly captivating.
Monbatten glanced at Keira and Lewis. "Is she your daughter? She's precious."
The couple exchanged a look before Lewis nodded. "Yes, she's ours."
Monbatten chuckled. "She doesn't look much like either of you."
Meanwhile, one of Monbatten's guards kept his eyes fixed on Amy, his brows slightly furrowed. There was something oddly familiar about her, though he couldn't quite place it.
"Alright," Sean Church interrupted with a smile. "Why don't we move into the dining room?"
The group filed into the long banquet hall, where a beautifully set table awaited.
Though a high chair had been prepared for Amy, the little girl ignored it, her tiny arms and legs working hard as she pushed a chair closer to Monbatten.
"I want to sit next to Daddy!" she declared.
Keira sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose.
Just as she was about to step in and carry Amy back, Monbatten stopped her with a laugh. "Let her. It'll be good practice for me, learning how to interact with kids."
Waving her off, he turned to Amy with a warm smile. "What do you want to eat? I'll get it for you."
Amy's face lit up as she pointed at the table. "The roast pork, Daddy!"
Monbatten's smile faltered for a moment before he tried correcting her, "I'm not your daddy. Call me Uncle."
"Okay, Daddy!"
"...The roast pork, right? Got it."
Monbatten shook his head with a resigned chuckle, giving up entirely.
How could anyone scold this little ball of sunshine? She was like a tiny kitten demanding attention—a complete heart-stealer.
The sight of Monbatten, the King himself, serving a child was so shocking that his guards stood frozen, mouths agape.
Their king, who had never even poured himself a glass of water, was now serving roast pork to a toddler?
As they stared, the guards' attention drifted back to Amy.
She was happily munching away, her cheeks puffed out like a little hamster. The sight made one of the guards laugh softly.
But then, he froze, his smile fading as something clicked.
The way Amy ate—those tiny movements, the puffed cheeks—it reminded him of someone.
Monbatten's mother.
Could it be...
###Chapter 817
817 Chapter 816
The guard stole another glance at Amy, his lips parting as if to speak but quickly shifting his gaze to Lewis and Keira.
Was this little girl really their child?
Better to stay quiet, he thought.
After dinner, Amy stuck close to Monbatten, shadowing him like a loyal sidekick. She sat quietly at his side, observing his conversations with the many guests. Unlike most kids her age, Amy didn't fidget or cause a fuss.
Monbatten glanced at her, his curiosity piqued. "Aren't you bored?"
Amy shook her head, her face lighting up. "Not at all!"
In fact, she was thrilled. She'd never been around so many adults, engaging in lively conversations. It was a refreshing change from the usual hushed meetings her parents kept her out of.
What fascinated her the most was Monbatten's distinct accent. Even though he spoke in Country A's language, Amy found she could understand him—thanks to the lessons her mom had given her as a child.
"You understand what we're saying?" Monbatten asked, visibly surprised.
Amy nodded eagerly. "Mom taught me when I was little."
He raised an eyebrow. "Why would she teach you that?"
"She said I'd need it to talk to my dad someday." Amy tilted her head and smiled. "Daddy, will you teach me how to speak like you?"
Monbatten let out a rare chuckle. "Of course."
He began teaching her a few basic phrases, and Amy mimicked him with precision, drawing his amused approval.
Across the room, Keira and Lewis watched the exchange, their expressions a mix of disbelief and intrigue.
Keira leaned closer to Lewis, whispering, "How is Monbatten getting along with Amy so well?"
Lewis frowned, still staring at the pair. "I've been wondering the same thing."
Just then, Jenkins sidled up beside them, grinning mischievously. "Not bad, Keira! You might not be great at networking, but you sure know how to pull strings. Did you know Amy would win over Monbatten like this? Is that why you brought her along?"
Keira blinked. "What?"
Jenkins wagged a finger at her. "Oh, come on. You've never brought Amy to meet guests before, and now suddenly she's here. Admit it—you planned this!"
Keira was speechless. She wanted to protest, but her eyes drifted back to Monbatten.
In less than an hour, Amy had managed to make him laugh more than ten times—a rare feat for a man notorious for his stern demeanor.
Nearby, Erin cracked open a pistachio and leaned against the wall, watching the scene unfold. "You know, Amy really does have a princess-like aura. Haven't you noticed? She's even imitating Monbatten."
Keira let out a long sigh. She had noticed. Every subtle gesture, every way Monbatten handled himself in conversation—Amy mirrored it effortlessly, as if she'd been studying diplomacy her entire life.
By now, the little girl was engaging with guests as confidently as if she were Monbatten's own child. And she seemed to love listening to political discussions, nodding along intently without a hint of boredom.
Keira glanced at Lewis again, and their eyes met, both of them silently marveling at their daughter's uncanny knack for this world.
Uncle Olsen joined them, arms crossed thoughtfully. "You know, Amy might have the makings of a diplomat. If that's the case, Ryan could help mentor her."
Keira gave him a nod of agreement, still caught up in her thoughts.
Meanwhile, Amy wrapped up her chat with Monbatten, hopping off her seat with a big smile. She walked over to him, holding out her tiny hand.
Monbatten looked at her, momentarily caught off guard, then broke into yet another hearty laugh. Shaking her hand with exaggerated seriousness, he said, "Well, my dear little princess, it's been a pleasure."
Amy beamed. "Dear Daddy, thank you for visiting Crera. I hope you'll come to my house soon—I'll be waiting!"
Monbatten nodded warmly. "I'd be honored, my dear little princess."
She skipped back across the room, her energy now bounding through her every step. Erin and Jenkins immediately descended on her with questions.
"Amy, what were you talking about with Monbatten?" Jenkins asked, eyes wide.
"Did you actually understand him?" Erin added.
Amy gave an innocent nod. "He said Jenkins wanted to return to Country A for business, and he's agreed to let her go back."
Jenkins froze. "Wait…what? He agreed?"
Amy nodded again, grinning. "You were worried about it, so I mentioned it to Daddy, and he said yes."
Jenkins gaped at her, struggling to process what she'd just heard. After countless emails, meeting requests, and outright begging, Monbatten had refused to budge. Yet Amy had accomplished the impossible in a single conversation.
"Are… are you sure you're not actually his daughter?" Jenkins muttered, giving Amy a once-over as if she might suddenly sprout Monbatten's royal crest.
###Chapter 818
818 Chapter 817
Amy immediately nodded. "I am Daddy's daughter."
"Amy, stop saying that," Keira said, gently pulling her daughter closer. "Don't call him that."
"But, Mom, he is Dad!" Amy insisted, her tiny face lighting up with conviction.
Keira sighed, torn between amusement and exasperation. "How could you possibly know that?"
Amy opened her mouth, about to say, "Because you told me..." when a group of people suddenly entered the room.
Keira's attention shifted immediately. The newcomers were unmistakably from Country A, their features bearing subtle differences from those native to Crera. They moved purposefully toward Monbatten, their expressions radiating tension.
Keira frowned and leaned closer to Jenkins. "Who are they?" she whispered.
Jenkins, ever observant, lowered his voice. "They're from the royal family. The one leading the group is Monbatten's older brother. When their father passed, there was a brutal fight for the throne between the two of them. Monbatten came out on top and has kept his brother firmly in check since. His brother's been keeping a low profile for years but recently resurfaced, likely because Monbatten hasn't produced an heir." Jenkins glanced at the entourage, his tone darkening. "If I had to guess, they're here to force his hand."
Keira turned her attention back to the drama unfolding in front of her. Monbatten's older brother stopped a few steps away from him, his expression a mixture of arrogance and triumph. "Monbatten," he said sharply, "did you really think hiding out in Crera would let you avoid this conversation?"
Monbatten's face darkened.
Sean immediately stepped in, positioning himself protectively between the two brothers. His smile was diplomatic, but his tone was firm. "Sir, to what do we owe the pleasure of your visit?"
The older brother gave a faint, insincere smile. "I've come to discuss a matter of national importance with the king. Surely, you won't stand in the way of that?"
Sean's gaze flickered to the entourage of bodyguards behind the prince. "We weren't informed of your arrival," he said coldly. "How did you even get past security?"
"They're my men," the prince replied breezily. "They know how to handle situations like this."
Monbatten's gaze sharpened as he noticed the group of armed guards behind his brother. He stepped forward, his voice low and dangerous. "You brought armed men to my host's residence? Are you here to threaten me?"
The prince didn't flinch. "Of course not. You know I pledged my loyalty when you ascended the throne." His tone shifted to something more pointed. "But let's not pretend things are fine back home. The people are restless, Monbatten. You've ruled well, but without an heir, the stability of the nation is at risk. You need a solution, and I've brought you one."
At this, the prince stepped aside, revealing a boy of about ten. "This is my eldest son," he said smoothly. "Your nephew. Strong, healthy, and already well-educated. I'm offering him to you as your heir. Adopt him, and the problem is solved."
Keira's breath caught at the audacity. Jenkins muttered under his breath, "Ridiculous. Monbatten's only thirty. If he's going to adopt, it should be an infant, someone he can raise properly. You can't mold a ten-year-old. They're already set in their ways."
Keira nodded in agreement. This wasn't just presumptuous—it was absurd.
Monbatten's jaw tightened. "If you're so willing, why not offer your newborn son instead?" he asked icily.
The prince chuckled. "You mean my daughter? Unthinkable. And as for my son, he's far too young. What if he doesn't survive? Losing an infant would shake public confidence even more. No, my eldest is the perfect candidate. He's old enough to represent the crown and strong enough to endure."
He nudged the boy forward. "Go on, son. Introduce yourself."
The boy stepped up to Monbatten with a smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Father," he said, his voice clear and confident, "I'll be your son from now on."
Monbatten's face darkened further. "You're getting ahead of yourself," he said tightly. "I haven't agreed to anything."
The prince's expression turned smug. "You've avoided this conversation long enough. Even running to Crera couldn't stop it. The royal council has already approved this arrangement. I've brought my son here to make it official."
One of the prince's bodyguards stepped forward, raising a phone to take a picture of Monbatten and the boy together. "Smile for the camera," the prince said mockingly. "Once the photo's out, the narrative's set. 'King Monbatten adopts nephew as heir during international visit.' It's perfect."
Monbatten's voice cut through the air like a blade. "If anyone takes a single photo, they'll regret it."
The bodyguard hesitated, intimidated by the raw authority in Monbatten's tone.
The prince, undeterred, smirked. "What's the alternative, Monbatten? Announce you'll have a child? Even if you managed to conceive tonight, the baby wouldn't arrive in time to calm public unrest. Do you have some miracle solution you've been hiding?"
Monbatten stood silently, his fists clenched at his sides. For a moment, Keira thought she saw a flicker of something in his expression—a plan forming. But whatever it was, he wasn't ready to reveal it just yet.
###Chapter 819
819 Chapter 818
Keira and Jenkins exchanged a glance, then shifted their attention back to the scene unfolding in front of them.
Jenkins leaned in and murmured, "If Monbatten really adopts the prince's son, the power struggle in Country A will split into two factions. It doesn't directly affect us—if anything, the more chaos there is, the better chance we have to reclaim our position. But, considering he just promised to support my return, wishing ill on him feels a bit... ungrateful."
Keira nodded in agreement.
Little Amy, however, piped up indignantly, "Daddy already has me as his daughter! Why would he need someone else's kid?"
Erin couldn't help but laugh. "Amy, you've got quite the imagination. Do you really think you're a little princess?"
"I am a princess!" Amy declared, hands on her hips, glaring defiantly at Erin.
Before anyone could respond, Amy glanced at Monbatten with a worried expression, then made a sudden dash toward him. Jenkins, quick on his feet, caught her by the back of her collar, scooping her up into his arms. "Whoa there, kiddo! That's not just a casual argument over there. Those kinds of disputes can get serious—life-or-death serious. Stay out of it."
Amy kicked her little legs in frustration. "But I am his kid! Why doesn't anyone believe me? Ugh!"
Keira gave Amy a sidelong glance, her expression thoughtful.
Meanwhile, the tension in the room escalated. Monbatten and his brother stared each other down, their mutual hostility almost tangible.
The prince broke the silence. "Why aren't you saying anything?"
Monbatten lowered his gaze and said calmly, "Why don't you check your phone, brother?"
The prince frowned. "What does my phone have to do with anything? Stop changing the subject—"
Before he could finish, his phone buzzed loudly. He glanced at the screen and hesitated before answering the call. Whatever was said on the other end made his face darken considerably. He turned to Monbatten, his voice sharp. "This was you, wasn't it?"
Monbatten's tone remained measured. "If your oil fields were above board, there'd be nothing for me to act on."
"You—"
Monbatten cut him off. "I'd suggest handling this matter before it becomes public. Otherwise…" His gaze flicked briefly to the ten-year-old boy standing nearby. "The backlash would make it impossible for me to adopt your son—even if I wanted to. Public opinion is crucial, after all."
Turning the prince's earlier argument against him, Monbatten left his brother visibly seething.
After a long, tense pause, the prince took a deep breath, clearly trying to rein in his anger. "Fine, Monbatten. You win this round. But you'll have to come back eventually. The rest of the royal family has already made their decision. Once you return, you won't be able to escape this issue any longer."
With that, he spun on his heel, ready to leave.
"Wait," Monbatten said, his voice calm but firm.
The prince stopped, glancing back warily. Monbatten gestured toward the boy. "Take your son with you."
The prince's face turned an even deeper shade of red, but he said nothing. He ushered his entourage to leave, their once-proud procession reduced to a defeated retreat.
Sean approached Monbatten once they were gone. "What's your plan now?"
Monbatten let out a weary sigh. "Crera is my last hope. If I can find a cure here, or at least someone who can help me father a child, I might be able to buy myself more time. If not…" He paused, his voice heavy. "Then, for the sake of stability back home, I'll have no choice but to adopt."
Sean nodded sympathetically. "Power comes with its price, Monbatten. The greater the power, the heavier the chains that bind you. Stay strong."
Monbatten gave him a faint smile. "There's a saying here in Crera: 'The cart will find its way when it reaches the mountain.' I still have a week left in this country. Who knows? Maybe I'll find a solution—or maybe even a miracle."
Sean chuckled. "Exactly. Don't borrow trouble from the future. Let's make the most of this week and enjoy our time here."
They raised their glasses in a toast, the clink of glass breaking the somber mood.
After finishing his drink, Monbatten glanced toward Keira and the others. His gaze landed on Amy, still squirming in Jenkins's arms. "If I do have to adopt a child," he mused aloud, "that little girl wouldn't be a bad choice."
Sean followed his gaze and chuckled. "That might be tough. King Monbatten, you may be royalty back in Country A, but the Olsen family is the king of business here. Amy is their treasured little princess. Not to mention Keira Olsen and Lewis Horton—they're both incredibly protective of her."
Monbatten sighed. "I was just thinking out loud…"
Sean gave him a knowing look. "Can I ask you something? Are you really here in Crera just for treatment?"
Monbatten's smile turned enigmatic. "You've noticed, haven't you?"
"Yes. Your men seem to be looking for someone in Clance."
Monbatten's expression softened, and he looked away. "Years ago, I spent a wonderful night with a woman from Crera. If I have a child out there, it would be hers. I'm hoping… perhaps I might find that child."
###Chapter 820
820 Chapter 819
Sean froze at those words, instinctively glancing at Amy.
For some reason, a strange thought crept into his mind.
He asked directly, "That woman—have you seen what she looks like?"
"Of course."
Monbatten raised a curious brow. "How could I not know what she looks like?"
Sean blinked, slightly taken aback. "Oh, never mind, then."
If he knew what she looked like, then it couldn't be Amy's mom.
He had successfully dodged the truth.
After chatting with Monbatten for a bit longer, Sean excused himself to mingle with other guests. The moment he walked away, the guard standing behind Monbatten couldn't hold back. "Your Majesty, wasn't that woman back then wearing a—"
Monbatten cut him off with a sharp look. "Even so, there were those eyes. If I saw them again, I'd recognize them instantly. They were... warm yet resolute."
The guard quickly fell silent, never daring to question his king.
Monbatten's jaw tightened as his gaze drifted off.
Back then, a much younger Monbatten had visited Crera for the first time. He was already engaged, his bride chosen, but at only twenty-five, he had no interest in marriage or children, so he'd delayed the wedding.
While in Crera, he had ventured out with just one guard. A night out at a bar took an unexpected turn.
Drugged by a stranger's unsolicited offer, he had stumbled into a hotel, pushing away a woman trying to take advantage of him. His guard had gone off to find an antidote, leaving him to wander aimlessly until he mistakenly entered a private room.
The room smelled of something faint and floral—rosewater, perhaps.
Inside, a masked woman stepped toward him. Her voice was soft and captivating. "Do you need my help?"
Her eyes held an irresistible warmth and allure.
Monbatten had blurted out, "Are you sure about this?"
"I am."
Without hesitation, she hooked her fingers around his tie, her movements full of sultry confidence as she led him deeper into the room. "You need a child, and so do I."
Startled, he protested, "I'm only twenty-five! I don't need a child!"
"You will," she said with quiet conviction, her eyes filled with an unshakable determination.
Before he could process her words, she pushed him onto the bed, her intentions leaving no room for negotiation.
In the haze of passion, he had tried to remove her mask. She stopped him with a soft laugh. "Monbatten, if you can recognize me by my eyes, then we're meant to be. If not, don't bother looking for me."
Her words stung his pride, and so, he never uncovered her face.
But her eyes—those eyes—he could never forget. They were unlike anything he'd ever seen in anyone else. That warmth, so embracing yet unaware of its own allure. That determination, as if she had burned every bridge behind her.
Not even the countless women in his harem could compare.
Over the years, he had tried to return to Crera to find her, but royal duties had kept him tied down. This year, the pressure to name an heir had become unbearable. Five years had passed since that night, and he still had no children. The advisors were in a panic.
Her words came back to him: "You'll need a child."
She had been right. He did need one now.
Monbatten took a deep sip of his drink and turned to his guard. "Do you think Crera actually has witches? Women with mystical powers?"
The guard replied thoughtfully, "Witches? Maybe you mean fairies?"
Monbatten let out a dry laugh. "...Are there fairies in Crera?"
The guard shrugged. "Hard to say. After all, science has its limits."
Monbatten chuckled despite himself.
Officially, his trip to Crera was for medical treatment. Unofficially, it was to find her.
The woman's eyes were burned into his memory, as vivid as her voice that night. He was certain—if she stood before him again, he would recognize her instantly.
If he had a child, it could only be hers.
Just then, Amy came bounding over, grabbing his hand. "Dad, what's wrong? You keep sighing."
"I'm looking for someone."
"Who?"
"Maybe... the mother of my child."
Amy grinned. "That's just my mom, isn't it? She's right there!"
She pointed toward Keira.
Following her finger, Monbatten's gaze landed on Keira. She had a unique presence, a cool confidence laced with pride.
Monbatten smiled faintly. "No, it's not her."
"But it's—"
"Her eyes aren't the same."
Amy paused, tilting her head. "You're right. Mom's eyes weren't always like this."
That made Monbatten stop.
Amy added, "Mom used to be so gentle. She still is, but... but..."
She struggled to find the words, then tugged on his hand. "Dad, I'll show you Mom's old photos!"
###Chapter 821
821  Chapter 820 
Monbatten froze at Amy's words. 
"Her old mom?" 
What did she mean? Was there a "before" and "after" version of Amy's mother? 
No matter how much a person changes, their eyes don't. He was certain of that. 
But not wanting to kill the mood, he smiled and nodded. "Alright, sure." 
Amy's eyes lit up. "Then come to my house sometime! My mom's picture is there. I didn't bring it with me." 
"Okay," he replied with a chuckle, ruffling her hair. 
Amy looked up at him, all serious. "So, when are you coming?" 
Monbatten hesitated, clearing his throat. "Well…" 
"I heard those uncles and aunties talking earlier," Amy said with the precociousness only kids can have. "They said Daddy is super busy. Do you even have time to come to my house?" 
"I'll make time," Monbatten said immediately. 
"When?" Amy pressed, unwavering. 
He glanced over at his aide, who promptly stepped forward. 
"Your Majesty, you're free the evening after tomorrow, at eight." 
Monbatten smiled and looked back at Amy. "You heard that, didn't you? The evening after tomorrow, eight o'clock, I'll come to your house." 
"Yay!" Amy cheered, stretching out her tiny pinky. "Pinky promise! No take-backs!" 
Monbatten blinked but couldn't help laughing. There was something about this kid that put him completely at ease, even when she crossed boundaries that should have annoyed him. 
As he bent down to lock pinkies with her, he found himself wondering, Was that woman from Crera as remarkable as this child? Did she give someone else a kid as delightful as Amy? 
After sealing the promise, Amy dashed off, wrapping herself around Uncle Olsen's leg like a koala. "Grandpa, Grandpa! Daddy said he's coming to our house the day after tomorrow!" 
Uncle Olsen raised a brow, unimpressed by the theatrics. 
Most businessmen would've been overwhelmed in a moment like this, nervous about hosting royalty. But Uncle Olsen wasn't most businessmen. 
He calmly looked down at Amy. "Did you prepare an invitation for King Monbatten?" 
Amy shook her head, wide-eyed. 
Uncle Olsen sighed, carrying her over to Monbatten. 
Though Monbatten was used to a life of luxury, something about Uncle Olsen's presence compelled him to stand as the older man approached. Despite the age gap, Uncle Olsen carried the gravitas of a father figure, commanding respect effortlessly. 
"King Monbatten, a pleasure to meet you," Uncle Olsen said as they shook hands. 
"The pleasure is mine, Mr. Olsen," Monbatten replied, gesturing for him to sit. 
As Uncle Olsen eased into his seat, he spoke in a measured tone. "I've heard that Country A has been having issues with pirates lately." 
The comment drew a sigh from Monbatten. 
The Trident Strait, which separated Country A from Crera, was notorious for its pirate activity. Ships often avoided it altogether, taking longer, costlier routes. 
Years ago, Keira and Lewis had ventured into Country A to rescue a prominent scientist. As part of their strategy, they had lured enemy forces to the main port, leaving the pirate-controlled strait as the only viable escape route. 
In the end, the scientist returned safely through those treacherous waters—thanks to Lewis's assurance that the area was under the control of a "friend." 
Now, Uncle Olsen leaned back, smiling faintly. "If King Monbatten is willing to grant my daughter a few favors, that strait could be freely accessible to your nation's ships." 
Monbatten's eyes widened. "You control the Trident Strait?" 
For years, Country A had tried to negotiate with the mysterious faction controlling the area, hoping for reduced fees or some form of partnership. Yet, every overture had been ignored. 
Monbatten never imagined the person holding the reins would casually bring it up in conversation. 
"I'd be more than happy to oblige," Monbatten said eagerly. "Consider it done. Your daughter and her associates are welcome to do business in Country A anytime." 
Uncle Olsen nodded, then added, "What about the individual they're worried about?" 
Monbatten chuckled lightly. "That individual has never explicitly forbidden Jenkins from returning." 
Uncle Olsen raised a brow but didn't press further, leaving the information to be relayed. 
When Jenkins heard the news, her jaw dropped. "Wait, what? That Clownfish told me to leave! She said if I didn't, she'd blow up my company. And now you're telling me I was never actually banned?" 
Erin cleared her throat awkwardly. "Well, you know how he operates—impulsive and unpredictable. Maybe when she told you to leave, it was just that—leave for a bit. She never said you couldn't come back." 
Jenkins looked dumbfounded. "What kind of logic is that?" 
"Did she ever explicitly say you couldn't return?" Erin asked. 
"…No, she didn't," Jenkins admitted. 
Her voice cracked as she exclaimed, "So what have I been doing these past few years, wandering around Crera like a vagabond? What was the point of all that?"
###Chapter 822
822  Chapter 821 
Jenkins was utterly defeated. 
She ignored everyone and retreated straight to her tiny room at the Olsen estate. 
Despite her cover as Lion being blown, she wasn't treated any differently. Still, the accommodations didn't match the comfort Erin enjoyed in Charles's room—especially since Charles had voluntarily moved into the guestroom for her. 
Jenkins sprawled on her bed, torn between crying and screaming. 
So Clownfish had driven her away just to flex some control? As long as she left, everything was fine, and returning was perfectly okay? 
For years, she had longed to see her friends in Country A but didn't dare visit, fearing she'd endanger them. Now, after everything, it turned out she'd been overthinking it. 
She clenched her fists in frustration. Clownfish was maddening! Infuriating! 
Grabbing her pillow, she pummeled it as if it were Clownfish's face. The occasional muffled yells from her room echoed faintly into the hall. 
In the living room, Erin glanced at Keira, who was working on her laptop. "Should we, I don't know, try to console her? She sounds pretty crushed." 
Keira didn't even look up. "Why bother? Peter's already standing outside her door." 
Erin raised a brow. "But he hasn't gone in." 
"Well, duh. Anyone who tries right now is asking for trouble. Didn't you see the murderous look in her eyes earlier?" Keira smirked. 
Erin chuckled mischievously, though sympathy flickered across her face. She cracked open a bag of pistachios. "Honestly, if I were her, I'd lose it too. Clownfish hasn't changed a bit since we were kids—always messing with people for fun." 
Keira paused her typing. "What does Clownfish even look like these days?" 
"No idea. We were three years old! How's anyone supposed to know how they'd turn out? People change a lot!" 
Keira conceded the point, though her curiosity only deepened. She wanted as much information as possible about Clownfish. Her current position was a direct threat to Keira's plans. 
Reliable intel placed Clownfish in Clance. 
"What about when you were kids?" Keira pressed. "Anything odd about her behavior?" 
Erin shrugged. "We didn't know each other's families back then, but I remember Clownfish's parents being kind of eccentric. Clownfish hated going home. And yeah, she was a weird kid—kept to herself, never joined in during nap time, playtime, or even group baths. She'd just sit alone. Oh, and she had a thing for bugs. Used to bring all kinds of creepy crawlies to school. Once, she put a rat in Keera's backpack." 
Erin shrugged. "We didn't know each other's families back then, but I remember Clownfish's parents being kind of eccentric. Clownfish hated going home. And yeah, she was a weird kid—kept to herself, never joined in during nap time, playtime, or even group baths. She'd just sit alone. Oh, and she had a thing for bugs. Used to bring all kinds of creepy crawlies to school. Once, she put a rat in Keera's backpack." 
Keira blinked. "A rat?" 
"Yep. Keera nearly fainted. You know how soft she is—totally the type to freak out over stuff like that." 
Keira mulled over the tidbit. This wasn't just a mischievous child; Clownfish's behavior had always been unorthodox. 
"And?" Keira prompted. 
Erin shook her head. "That's about all I remember. It's not like my memory is flawless, especially for stuff from when I was three. Even with the South family's knack for remembering things, no one's perfect." 
Keira leaned back, deep in thought. It made sense. People tended to vividly recall their own painful experiences while easily forgetting others'. And at that age, details blurred into oblivion. 
Still, Clownfish's personality sounded insufferable. 
"Do you think she'll join me?" Keira asked, voice heavy with doubt. 
"Not a chance." Erin was firm. "Clownfish is too proud, too self-reliant. They'd never bow to anyone." 
Keira pressed her lips together, considering her next move. "How long until the South family opens its gates again?" 
"Twenty days," Erin replied. 
Keira nodded, a spark of impatience igniting within her. 
She didn't care about becoming the South family's heir, but rescuing her mother required her to dig deeper into the mystery surrounding the family. And, if she were honest, she couldn't deny a growing curiosity. 
What was the South family's true nature? 
Were the so-called prophecies legitimate? 
Was this a case of bizarre mysticism, or something far more tangible? After all, ghosts and gods couldn't possibly exist. Right?
###Chapter 823
823  Chapter 822 
Keira hesitated, her thoughts swirling. 
The deeper she delved into her scientific research, the more she found herself thinking: at the edge of science lies the unexplained, perhaps even the mystical. 
After all, if neutrinos exist, then why not a prophecy? 
Maybe the South family really did have this kind of ability. 
Resting her chin on her hand, Keira gazed at Erin. After a moment, she asked abruptly, "Do all South family members have 'South' in their names?" 
"Of course!" Erin replied cheerfully. 
Keira's eyes darkened slightly. 
Erin tilted her head and asked, "Why? It's pretty common for us. Most of us include 'South' in our names, since it's part of the family name. Even when I pretended to be from the Martin family, I still used the name Erin South Martin. And Jenkins? She picked a new last name but still kept 'South' in it." 
Keira nodded thoughtfully. "Who else around us has 'South' in their name?" 
Erin sighed dramatically. "You can't just count everyone with 'South' in their name. There are tons of people like that! Based on my records, out of all the people you've crossed paths with, there are 567 with 'South' in their names. Over a hundred of them work under you." 
Erin glanced at her meaningfully and added, "But if you're asking who the richest one is, that'd be Sean South Church. But Sean can't be Clownfish. He's a guy! And South family heirs are always women." 
Keira paused slightly at this, her expression unreadable. 
After a moment, she lowered her gaze and nodded at Erin. "I see." 
"What do you see?" Erin asked. 
"Nothing," Keira replied, smiling faintly. 
She stood abruptly and pulled out her phone, where she noticed a new message from Sean. 
Sean: Can I come over for dinner at your place tomorrow? 
Keira: Sure. 
It was soon the next day. 
As Keira was out shopping for groceries, she ran into Sean in the parking lot of her building. 
Sean's face lit up when he saw her. "Miss Olsen, what's for dinner tonight?" 
Keira held up the bag of groceries in her hand and smiled. "I just picked up a fish." 
Sean grinned. "Fish? Perfect. I love fish. Thanks so much!" 
"No problem." 
While Keira busied herself in the kitchen, Sean waited in the living room, chatting with Erin and Amy. 
After a while, one of Sean's assistants wandered into the kitchen, curious. "Miss Olsen, what kind of fish are we having tonight?" 
Keira glanced at him and smiled suddenly. "Clownfish." 
The assistant froze. "Wait… isn't that poisonous? Can we even eat that?" 
"I'm kidding," Keira said lightly, her tone casual. 
"Go wait outside." 
"Oh, right, sure!" 
 The assistant quickly left. 
Not long after, Keira served up the meal—a spread of three dishes and a soup, paired with some warm bread. 
Sean dug in enthusiastically, especially enjoying the fish. 
 It was nearly gone by the time he spoke up. 
"Miss Olsen, this fish is amazing! I haven't had your cooking in ages." 
His assistant nodded eagerly. "It's true. Mr. Church usually avoids fish because of the smell, but ever since he met you, he's become a fish lover." 
Keira smiled warmly at Sean, then asked out of nowhere, "So, Clownfish, how does it taste?" 
The room fell silent. 
All eyes turned to Sean. 
Jenkins and Erin exchanged wide-eyed glances, their disbelief clear. Neither said a word, but their expressions spoke volumes: You've got to be kidding. 
Sean blinked, startled. 
"Wait, what? Is this… clownfish?" 
Keira laughed. "Of course not. Clownfish are poisonous; I'd never serve that. Sean, are you sure you're really a man?" 
Sean flushed at her sudden question. His face reddened as he lowered his head sheepishly. 
"Absolutely, Miss Olsen… want proof?" 
As he spoke, he tugged at his collar, revealing his chest—a very male chest. 
Jenkins and Erin breathed sighs of relief, relaxing visibly. 
Their initial reaction had been panic: Could Sean really be Clownfish? Could she have been pretending to be a man all this time to get close to them? 
But no—it didn't make sense. 
Sean had an Adam's apple. His physique, while modestly dressed, was distinctly masculine. 
And more importantly… he wore pants, and they could see the bulge. That kind of detail wasn't something you could fake. 
There was just no way he could be Clownfish. 
But before they could fully relax, Keira spoke again, her tone light but cutting. "You're right. You're not a woman pretending to be a man. You were a boy pretending to be a girl when you were little, weren't you, Clownfish?" 
Both Jenkins and Erin froze, their eyes snapping back to Sean in disbelief. 
Keira continued calmly, "I looked it up. Clownfish are hermaphrodites."
###Chapter 824
824  Chapter 823 
Keira fell silent when she heard this. 
Erin and Jenkins exchanged a glance, then turned their heads toward Sean with a shared look of curiosity. 
Androgynous? Did that mean...? 
While they were thinking this, Sean's cold voice came through: "What are you staring at? Keep it up and I'll gouge your eyes out!" 
The two immediately felt a chill down their spines and quickly looked away. 
That sense of pressure, one they'd known since childhood, clamped down on them, making them uneasy. 
When Clownfish said he'd gouge their eyes out, it might have been a threat from someone else, but from him? It was the real deal. 
When they were in kindergarten, someone had offended "her", and "she'd" threatened, "I'll knock all your teeth out!" 
And that person really had lost all their teeth... 
While the other two had turned away, Keira didn't flinch. She kept her gaze fixed on Clownfish's direction. 
Surprisingly, Sean didn't snap at her but only sneered. "Aren't you afraid I'll gouge your eyes out, Miss Olsen?" 
Keira remained calm. "If you gouge my eyes out, you won't have anyone to cook for you." 
Sean paused for a moment. 
He didn't fear death—he was even willing to go down with anyone if needed—but he couldn't stand the feeling of hunger. 
The sensation of not being able to eat was unbearable, and he didn't want to go through that again... 
He inhaled deeply. "You should be thankful you can cook. Otherwise, I wouldn't tolerate you for a second!" 
His personality was so twisted, stubborn, and completely different from that warm, noble young master he seemed to be. 
Keira locked eyes with him. "So, are you really androgynous?" 
"Don't be ridiculous!" Sean snapped. "How could I possibly be androgynous? I'm just—" 
At that point, he suddenly took a deep breath, and his tone softened. "Let me explain, Miss Olsen." 
Then, just as suddenly, his voice turned sinister. "Fine, you explain." 
Sean softened again and looked at Keira with a smooth smile. "Miss Olsen, my apologies. That was my sister." 
Keira was perplexed. 
Jenkins and Erin were both intrigued. 
Their ears perked up, and Erin even instinctively pulled out a pistachio, ready to snack! 
But in the next moment, Sean shot them a cold glare, and Erin quickly put the pistachio away, too frightened to eat. 
She didn't want her eyes gouged out... oh no... 
Keira studied him, and after a long pause, she finally realized something. "Is it dissociative identity disorder?" 
Sean gave a bitter laugh. "Yes." 
He lowered his gaze. "In my family, the heir has to be a girl. So, since I was a kid, my mother told me I was a girl. That caused some confusion about my gender identity, and I really thought I was a girl. As I grew older, a secondary personality formed. That's my sister." 
At this point, Sean paused, a bitter smile playing on his lips. "Actually, since childhood, she's been the dominant personality. I've always been the secondary one." 
He let out another bitter chuckle. "I'm the 'normal' one, and I only came out after I left the South family. My sister has always been in control of this body..." 
Keira asked, "So why are you in control of the body now?" 
"Because of hunger." 
Sean let out a wry smile. "The feeling of hunger is just unbearable. My sister didn't want to experience that, so she let me take control. Over the years, I've been searching all over the world for someone who could feed me. It's true that you saved my life! If it weren't for you back in Oceanion, I would've starved to death." 
Keira looked at him. "So, you were that powerful in Country A, too?" 
"Yeah, I paid so many taxes to Monbatten, how could he not treat me like a VIP?" Sean smiled slyly at Jenkins. "Some people just can't get the king's favor." 
Jenkins was speechless. 
Thinking back to the tough years and how one little joke from Clownfish made her afraid to return home, her fists clenched! 
But then—oh no, she was too scared to even look at her. Eyes gouged out... Ugh... 
She glanced at Erin. 
Erin was just as anxious, feeling a deep, unrelenting itch to know what Clownfish really looked like, and, of course, how could she not want to enjoy some pistachios while they were at it? 
Keira continued, "So, are you willing to cooperate with me?" 
Sean chuckled. "What other choice do I have? You're my bread and butter, my ATM." 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
Sean paused. "Actually, it's not just about getting our support. You also need the support of the kings of all the nations! If Country A backs you, you'll have the strength to rival that guy from M country." 
Keira frowned. "My father already handled the negotiations." 
"That's just a business deal," Sean said with a grin. "Monbatten's biggest issue is his heirs. If you could have a child connected to him, that's when you'd truly be bound together."
###Chapter 825
825  Chapter 824 
Keira couldn't help but laugh. "His condition is incurable—how could his offspring possibly be connected to me?" 
Sean spoke up, "I overheard him say once that he met a woman in Clance years ago. There's a chance he left a child behind." 
Sean chuckled. "I suspect that Monbatten's ongoing issues with having heirs may be tied to that woman." 
Keira blinked in confusion. "What makes you think that?" 
Erin's ears perked up. This was juicy gossip—she had to hear this! 
Jenkins and Erin exchanged a quick glance before both of them subtly shuffled closer, inching towards Sean and Keira, eager to eavesdrop. 
But then Sean's cold voice cut through the air. "Do you two need to press your ears to my mouth?" 
Erin immediately looked up at him, a cheeky smile playing on her lips. "Can we?" 
Sean's gaze turned icy. "Sure... if you want to keep your ears." 
Erin froze. 
This guy hadn't changed a bit since childhood. 
She glared at him, but he merely pointed toward the door. 
"What I'm about to say isn't for your ears. You can leave now." 
Without hesitation, Erin shot back, "What could possibly be so bad that I can't hear it?" 
She shot Keira a pleading look, trying to win her sympathy. 
Keira remained calm, responding flatly, "I trust them." 
Sean let out a derisive laugh. "You know, women's words are the least trustworthy! I don't even trust my sister. Why would I trust either of them?" 
Erin and Jenkins shot him a glare, their cheeks puffed up with indignation. 
Sean barely glanced at them, and they both quickly averted their eyes, standing up straighter. 
Erin cleared her throat. "Actually, I just realized—I'm kind of hungry. I think I'll go grab a bite in the kitchen... Not because I'm scared of you, though!" 
Jenkins coughed lightly. "I'll come with you." 
The two made a quick exit to the kitchen. 
Keira sighed, watching them go. 
This guy really had a way of making people cower. 
She had never seen Erin so flustered, and as for Jenkins, well, she was used to her acting weak whenever it suited her. 
Keira turned her attention back to Sean. "What exactly are you trying to say?" 
Sean gave a casual shrug. "I'm just saying, if years ago, when Monbatten was still young and didn't want kids, a woman spent the night with him and ended up pregnant, what do you think she'd do if she wanted her child to inherit the throne of Country A?" 
Keira's eyes widened. "She'd make sure Monbatten could never have children again!" 
Sean raised his eyebrows and shrugged. "Exactly." 
Keira frowned. "But it's not like any woman can guarantee a pregnancy on the first try!" 
Sean scoffed. "Are you really that naive, or did you just not think about it?" 
Keira paused, slightly taken aback. 
Sean leaned in, lowering his voice. "As long as the sperm's healthy, even if she didn't get pregnant the first time, she could freeze it and try again. Either way, Monbatten's sperm back then would be very different from what he has now." 
Keira's frown deepened. "Why would someone go to all that trouble?" 
Sean raised a brow. "Well, that's something you'd have to ask the woman herself... I'm just throwing out a theory here." 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Sean continued. "So, all you'd need to do is find that woman, take her child, and tell Monbatten that the child is either yours or belongs to someone close to you. Then, this whole thing would be wrapped up." 
Keira stared at him in disbelief. 
"Steal someone else's child?" 
She was almost speechless. 
The audacity of this man—he could suggest something like that so nonchalantly? 
But at the same time, her mind suddenly froze. "You said Monbatten met this woman in Clance?" 
Sean nodded. 
Keira's heart skipped a beat. A suspicion was starting to form in her mind. 
She suddenly remembered that when she was trying to gain the Martin family's support, she had discovered that her maternal grandmother was the first love of old Mr. Martin. Her mother, Jodie South, was Mr. Martin's daughter. That connection had naturally tied her to the Martin family. 
Then, when she needed the Olsen family's backing, she found out that her mother, Jodie, had been in a relationship with Uncle Olsen. Despite her success in aligning with Clance's five major families, it was clear that her connection to the Olsen name had given her leverage. 
And now, she needed to build a relationship with Monbatten, a man with hundreds of women in his harem, but no heirs. 
What if Monbatten only had one heir...? 
Keira's eyes shot toward the second floor, where Amy was playing, a thought beginning to form in her mind.
###Chapter 826
826  Chapter 825 
Keira stared at Amy in disbelief. 
Amy had been glued to the TV, pointing at Monbatten and calling him "Dad" over and over. For such a timid, shy child, she had somehow summoned the courage to insist on accompanying them to meet him. 
These peculiarities… Could it be? 
Keira tightened her jaw, her mind racing to shut out a thought she was too afraid to entertain. 
Her eyes flicked to Lewis. 
Her memory wandered back to the inexplicable day they'd gotten married—an arrangement orchestrated by her sister. 
At the time, her sister had claimed it was to protect her. 
But looking at it now, was it really protection? Or had her sister known all along about Lewis's connections overseas and orchestrated the union to secure a political alliance? 
From her grandmother to her mother, down to Keera, and perhaps even herself—was this all part of some grand, invisible game for control of the South family? 
Were they all pawns, moved across the chessboard without realizing it? 
Keira's heart thudded wildly in her chest. For a brief moment, it felt as though her entire life had been tangled in conspiracies—a web tightening around her, leaving no escape. 
She drew in a shaky breath. 
"What's on your mind?" Sean Church's calm voice broke her reverie. 
Keira lowered her eyes. "Nothing. Just wondering—if I somehow forged an unbreakable bond with Monbatten, would you really side with me?" 
Sean let out a bitter laugh. "Do you know what it's like to be starving?" 
Keira blinked, caught off guard. 
Sean continued, his voice soft but heavy. "When you're truly starving, to the point where the thought of food makes you sick, it's worse than dying. My sister gave up control of this body because the hunger—the pain—it was unbearable for her." 
He chuckled darkly. "You saved my life when you helped me eat again. Without you, I'd probably be dead by now." 
Keira listened, her eyes drifting toward his stomach. 
For someone who had just eaten, it no longer seemed flat and hollow, but his frail frame, the almost skeletal appearance of his hands, and even his once-gorgeous face, now gaunt, told the story of someone teetering on the edge. 
She nodded slowly. She could relate. 
She had often gone hungry as a child in the Olsen household. 
Back then, when Jodie South gave her a single biscuit, it had felt like salvation—a moment she would never forget. 
Seeing her understanding, Sean pressed on. "So, even if things with Monbatten don't work out, I'll still back you. But I think you've overlooked one very basic issue." 
"What issue?" 
Sean smirked. "More and more people know you're not Keera. You don't have her memories or her account with the South family. Competing to become their heir in your condition is dangerous." 
Sean laughed. "You realize that each of us has a unique account, right? Like an ID. You need a password to access it, and only the real owner can verify it. That's why no one would ever share their password—it's their lifeline. Some people even go as far as changing their appearance after leaving the South family, but their account always remains their true identity." 
Keira's brows furrowed deeper. "I've already searched every corner of the South family estate. My sister didn't leave anything behind. That account and password are impossible to recover." 
"Who said that?" Sean countered. 
Keira froze. 
Sean leaned in slightly. "Your sister might not have shared her account details, but her mother would know. And she's still in the South family." 
"You mean Keera's adoptive mother?" Keira asked cautiously. 
"Exactly," Sean replied. "A three-year-old wouldn't know their own password. It's always held by the parents." 
Realization dawned on Keira's face. "So you're saying…" 
"In twenty days, the South family estate will open its gates for a short visit. That'll be your chance to find the password." 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
Twenty days. She had already planned to use that opportunity to rescue Jodie South from the estate. 
Sean seemed to read her thoughts and gave her a wry smile. "Actually, Jodie's safest where she is now. She won't be harmed inside the South estate, but outside? Things could get dangerous. Until you've secured your position as the next heir, I'd advise you to leave her there." 
Keira lowered her head. "I'll think about it." 
"Good. Now let's figure out the real challenge," Sean said, leaning back. "How do we get Monbatten to acknowledge Amy?" 
Keira looked up at him, her lips curving into a sly smile. "We can't just hand Amy over to him. That would make us look desperate, like we're scheming for something. No, I'll make sure Amy appears before Monbatten… as prey he can't resist."
###Chapter 827
827  Chapter 826 
The Olsen estate was bustling with activity as the staff worked tirelessly to prepare for the big day. 
Every corner of the house was being scrubbed to perfection. Monbatten, the king, was expected to visit today, and the atmosphere was charged with anticipation. 
The Cobb family had even sent their own people over to ensure there would be no missteps—any mishap could lead to a diplomatic disaster. 
In the midst of this whirlwind, Keira finally descended the grand staircase, holding Amy's tiny hand. She handed Amy an iPad, the screen already playing old videos of Keera and a much younger Amy together. 
Amy's face lit up with excitement. "Mom! When Dad gets here, I'm gonna show him this!" 
Keira smiled faintly. "Good idea." 
She had heard Sean mention it before—Monbatten once confessed that he remembered a pair of eyes, eyes filled with a warmth and resolve he had never seen before. Keira's gaze lowered briefly. She and her twin sister, Keera, may have looked alike, but their eyes betrayed their differences. 
No matter how well Keira could mimic Keera's timid demeanor, the quiet strength in her sister's gaze was something she could never replicate. 
That's why those who knew Keera well—like Mary—could tell Keira wasn't her. 
But since returning to the Olsen family, Keira had stopped pretending altogether. 
Even if old acquaintances sensed something was different, they chalked it up to "Keera's" newfound confidence after reclaiming her heritage. 
Keira gently patted Amy's head. "Go sit on the couch and wait for him, okay?" 
Amy obediently carried her iPad to the couch, where she sat quietly, her eyes glued to the front door, eagerly awaiting Monbatten's arrival. 
Just then, Erin and Jenkins sauntered in. "What's your game today?" 
Keira glanced at her, nonchalant. "What do you mean?" 
Jenkins jumped in. "You've been indifferent to Monbatten this whole time, but now you're suddenly rolling out the red carpet for him. What's the deal?" 
Keira's tone remained steady. "Didn't you say I should get closer to him and win him over?" 
Jenkins scoffed. "Please. You? Winning someone over? Give me a break." 
Erin, meanwhile, had grabbed a bowl of pistachios and was lazily cracking them open as she surveyed the room. After a moment, she wandered over to a quiet corner and settled in. 
"What are you doing?" Jenkins asked, frowning. 
Erin smirked. "This is the best seat in the house. I want a front-row view of whatever drama's about to unfold." 
Jenkins rolled her eyes but eventually pulled over a chair to join Erin. 
Both of them seemed more than a little curious about what Keira had planned. 
Soon enough, Monbatten arrived, and both Keira and Lewis Horton headed to the driveway to greet him. 
The king's demeanor was still formal, but there was a touch of respect now, likely due to his recent partnership with Uncle Olsen. Gone was the unapproachable arrogance he had once carried. 
"Where's Amy?" Monbatten asked casually. 
Keira's response was measured. "She's waiting for you in the living room. It's too cold for her to be running around outside. Don't want her catching a cold from the temperature changes." 
Monbatten gave a small nod. "You're very thoughtful when it comes to your daughter." 
Keira hesitated for just a beat before saying lightly, "Actually, Amy isn't my daughter." 
Monbatten froze. "What?" 
Keira smiled. "She's my sister's child. My twin sister's." 
She decided to rip the Band-Aid off now, sparing herself from any misunderstandings later—like Monbatten getting the absurd idea that, since she'd given him a child, they should get married and move back to his country. 
She had far too much on her plate for that. 
"You have a twin?" Monbatten asked, his voice tinged with curiosity. 
"Yes, we look identical, but our eyes are different." 
Keira kept her tone conversational, glossing over the details as she led him into the living room. 
Amy, who had been waiting by the window, practically flew into Monbatten's arms the moment he walked through the door. Her face lit up with pure joy. "Daddy! You're finally here!" she exclaimed. 
Monbatten chuckled. "Still calling me that, huh?" 
"You are my dad!" 
Amy declared confidently. "Mom said so!" 
Monbatten froze, stunned. "She said that?" 
"Yes!" Amy pointed toward Keira. Keira shot Monbatten a quick, apologetic look. He immediately understood—Amy was too young to grasp the difference between her mother and her aunt. He crouched down to Amy's level. "And what does your mom look like?" Amy grinned. "I have a video! Dad, I'll show you right now!" 
###Chapter 828
828  Chapter 827 
Amy pulled out her tablet, excitedly handing it to Monbatten. The screen displayed videos and photos of her younger self with the real Keera. Monbatten froze as his gaze landed on the screen. Those eyes—gentle yet filled with determination—were so familiar they stopped him in his tracks. 
They belonged to the woman he'd spent that unforgettable night with back in Crera. In disbelief, he turned to Amy, scanning her features more carefully. 
For the first time, he noticed she shared a faint resemblance to his mother. The realization hit him like a lightning bolt. Whipping around to face one of his guards, he commanded urgently, "Get me a DNA test with Amy. Now!" 
The guard nodded, plucking a strand of Amy's hair before dashing out the door. 
Monbatten let out a shaky breath and crouched down to lift Amy into his arms. 
Amy didn't squirm or protest. Instead, her tiny hand patted his shoulder reassuringly. "Daddy, you're so late! I've been waiting forever, but it's okay now that you're here." 
Her sweet words struck a chord deep in his chest. Monbatten's heart clenched. 
This child was far too mature for her age, and it made her all the more endearing. 
He ruffled her hair gently and carried her over to the couch, settling down with her. His eyes scanned the lavishly decorated living room before glancing at Keira. "Your home is beautiful," he said politely. 
Keira, seated across from him with Lewis by her side, nodded with a small smile. "Thank you." 
Monbatten said, "I hope I didn't come to Crera in vain." 
He shifted his focus back to Amy, then to the woman on the screen. 
If Amy truly turned out to be his daughter, it would be life-changing. 
He'd finally have an heir. Still, he couldn't let himself hope too much—not yet. 
Over the years, countless women had shown up in Country A, each claiming their child was his. 
Monbatten was a player. In the process of searching for his child, he had spent time with many women. 
Each time, his hopes had risen, only to be cruelly dashed. 
Even those kids that resembled him turned out to be strangers. 
He still couldn't have a child. 
Even his attempts at having children through IVF had ended in heartbreak, as every pregnancy failed early on. When it happened often enough, it proved that the problem came from him, not those women. 
His longing for a child had grown into an obsession. 
Now, he forced himself to take a steadying breath and looked at Keira. "If Amy is… well, I'd love for you all to visit Country A anytime." 
Keira chuckled lightly. "Let's not get ahead of ourselves, Your Majesty. The results aren't in yet. We'll see soon enough." 
She wasn't sure, either. 
Her response was measured but fair, and Monbatten gave her a small nod, appreciating her pragmatic approach. 
The room fell into a tense silence as everyone waited for the guard's return. 
Monbatten's eyes kept flicking toward the door. Across the room, Jenkins leaned closer to Erin, whispering, "What's going on over there?" 
Erin shrugged, her brow furrowed. "No clue." 
Jenkins said, "They're definitely waiting for something." 
"I can't be a kid," Erin said. 
Both women then glanced suspiciously at Amy. The two exchanged wide-eyed looks, their minds racing. 
But before they could voice their thoughts, the guard reappeared, clutching an envelope in his trembling hands. 
The tension in the room skyrocketed. 
Monbatten shot to his feet, his gaze locked on the guard. "Well? What does it say?" 
The guard took a shaky breath, holding out the envelope. "The results are inside, Your Majesty. I haven't opened it." 
He handed the envelope to the king. 
Monbatten's hands were unsteady as he accepted the envelope. Slowly, he pulled out the piece of paper inside. 
The entire room held its collective breath as he read the words aloud. 
The note read, "Father and daughter match."
###Chapter 829
829  Chapter 828 
Monbatten's eyes widened in disbelief as he stared at the DNA test results in his hands. Slowly, he turned his gaze toward little Amy. 
At that moment, Monbatten felt like he was dreaming. 
Someone tell him—was this really happening? The child he'd longed for all these years was standing right in front of him! 
His eyes reddened immediately. He crouched down and scooped Amy up in a tight embrace. "Amy, I'm your dad!" 
Amy nodded enthusiastically. "I know, Daddy!" 
Monbatten's voice trembled. "Say it again. Call me 'Daddy' one more time." 
"Daddy!" 
Hearing the word again sent a tremor through his chest, his cold, hardened heart suddenly softening. 
He had been with many women over the years, but he'd never truly cared for any of them. As a king, love was a luxury he couldn't afford. 
His harem of over a hundred women had all been there for one reason only: to produce heirs. 
But none of them—none of them combined—mattered even a fraction as much to him as little Amy did. 
For five long years, Monbatten had dreamed of this moment, yearned for it, every single day. Now, holding her in his arms, he wanted to cry out, to let all the frustration and emptiness he'd endured pour out. But he held back, afraid he might scare her. 
After all, she was so small, so delicate, like a porcelain doll that might shatter with the slightest mishandling. 
His eyes rimmed red as he stared at Amy. Then, all of a sudden, he let her go and burst out laughing. 
Monbatten, the mighty king, finally had a child! 
Monbatten, the ruler of Country A, had an heir! 
He stood up abruptly and turned to the guards behind him. "This is my daughter." 
The guards nodded. "Congratulations, Your Majesty." 
Monbatten clamped a hand over his mouth, turning to Sean in the room. "Sean, my daughter!" 
Sean smiled. "Congratulations." 
Monbatten then looked at Keira, pointing excitedly at Amy. "She's mine. She's my daughter!" 
Keira raised an eyebrow, her lips twitching. "Got it." 
When Monbatten's gaze landed on Lewis, Lewis stepped back coolly before Monbatten could say a word. 
Monbatten's attention then drifted to Jenkins and Erin, who were sitting in the corner, eating pistachios and clearly enjoying the show. 
He rushed over, grabbing Jenkins in a hug. "My daughter—Amy is my daughter!" 
Jenkins flinched. "I know, Your Majesty. Now, please let go of me." 
Monbatten released her and immediately lunged for Erin. "My daughter! I have a daughter!" 
Erin stared blankly as Monbatten closed in. Just as he was about to grab her, Charles, who had just gotten back from school, stepped in with a loud shout. 
"Stop!" 
Monbatten froze. 
Charles marched over, wedging himself between Monbatten and Erin. He gave Monbatten a quick, awkward hug. "Alright, that's enough. Hands off my girlfriend." 
Unbothered, Monbatten returned the hug with enthusiasm. "My friend, I found my daughter!" 
Charles sighed. "Yeah, I know." 
Monbatten let him go and immediately turned back to Amy. 
Keira couldn't help but pinch the bridge of her nose. Monbatten's reaction was a lot, even for him. She muttered, "You need to calm down." 
"Calm down? How can I calm down?" 
Suddenly, Monbatten dropped to his knees in front of Amy, hugging her tightly as tears streamed down his face. "Do you have any idea how much pressure I've been under all these years? Everyone adores me as their king, but I had no children! No heirs! Everyone kept pushing me to have one, but they didn't understand my pain—they didn't understand…" 
His tears fell harder now. "I thought I'd never have a child of my own, but then I found you. My daughter!" 
Amy, seeing him cry so miserably, reached out with her little hand and gently wiped his tears. "Daddy, don't cry. I'm right here!" 
Those soft, comforting words brought a bright smile to Monbatten's face. "Alright, alright. Daddy won't cry. My little princess—no, my little queen. Amy, will you come home with Daddy?" 
Hearing this, Amy glanced nervously at Keira. 
Keira frowned, her lips pressing together. 
Monbatten followed Amy's gaze, looking straight at Keira. "Miss Olsen, since Amy's mother is gone… I'm her only parent now. She belongs with me!" 
Keira let out a deep sigh. 
The thing she had been dreading most had finally happened. 
Amy couldn't go with Monbatten—not now. Amy was her sister's only child, her only link to her late sister. But if she refused, would Monbatten fight her for custody? 
Would the fragile peace they had just established shatter all over again? 
While Keira was still lost in thought, Amy spoke up softly. "Daddy, I'm scared to go with you." 
Monbatten blinked. "Why not?" 
"Because the uncle and brother I saw that day were really scary," Amy said innocently. "Mommy said I shouldn't go to dangerous places." 
Her words hit Monbatten like a truck. He instantly understood her meaning. 
Country A was riddled with threats right now. If he brought his three-year-old daughter back, what if his elder brother turned her into a target? 
What had he been thinking, letting his emotions take over like that? 
But if not home… 
Would she have to stay with the Olsen family?
###Chapter 830
830  Chapter 829 
Monbatten furrowed his brows and looked at Keira. His demeanor immediately shifted, his voice calm and composed. "Miss Olsen…" 
"Amy is a child of the Olsen family," Keira began, her tone steady. "You can rest assured, we'll take good care of her. And…" 
She paused briefly before continuing, "Amy's last name is South." 
Monbatten's eyes widened in disbelief. "South?" 
"Yes," Keira confirmed. "Her mother was my sister, Keera South." 
She observed the subtle shift in his expression, noting his recognition of the name. 
Monbatten was stunned. "The South family? THE South family?" 
"That's right." Keira's gaze remained steady. 
Monbatten's breathing quickened. 
Of course, he'd heard of the South family. 
The Souths were an ancient and enigmatic lineage, with roots tracing back over a thousand years. Their influence was so discreet yet pervasive that most people couldn't pinpoint when they had first emerged on the global stage. It was only in recent years, as South family members began appearing more prominently in international affairs, that the world started piecing together fragments of their vast network. 
No one knew the full extent of their holdings. 
For all he knew, the very skyscraper he worked in could belong to a subsidiary under the South family's sprawling empire. 
Once, Monbatten had attempted to tally their industries. Just the business ventures tied to Clownfish and Jenkins accounted for half of his nation's tax revenue. Clownfish alone took up 49%, while Jenkins barely held 1%. 
That disparity was exactly why Monbatten turned a blind eye when Jenkins had sought his help. 
Clownfish was too powerful! 
How could he risk angering the powerhouse that was Lion over such a small margin? 
The South family was unparalleled. Even a seemingly inconspicuous representative of theirs carried immeasurable clout. 
Which begged the question: would Amy, a child of the South family, still ascend the throne of Country A as its next ruler? 
Compared to the Souths, Country A seemed almost…insignificant. 
Monbatten felt the weight of this realization crush any remnants of pride. His tone became humbler as he addressed Keira. "I'll leave Amy in your family's care. Once things stabilize back home, I'll return to…visit her." 
Keira nodded. "Amy will grow up freely in the Olsen family. When she turns eighteen, I'll explain everything to her. Whatever she chooses then, I trust you, King Monbatten, will respect her decision." 
"Of course." Monbatten smiled, his hand gently brushing through Amy's hair. His eyes softened with a father's tenderness. "She's my daughter. As much as I want her to take the throne, I'd rather she live a life of freedom." 
Keira smiled faintly in return. 
Monbatten went on to express his gratitude, assuring Keira that Country A would serve as her strongest ally in her pursuit of the South family's inheritance. That evening, they shared a pleasant dinner. 
When it was time for Monbatten to leave, he seemed reluctant, eventually mustering the courage to ask, "Would it be possible for me to stay in one of the Olsen family's guest rooms?" 
Keira blinked. "Excuse me?" 
Uncle Olsen stepped in to clarify. "Your Majesty, your presence here might attract unnecessary attention, which would complicate things for the Olsen family. However, I can take Amy and stay with you for a few days instead." 
Monbatten wouldn't stay in Crera for too long, and because of that, he felt even more reluctant to part with Amy. 
Given Monbatten's status as a visiting dignitary, his movements were heavily scrutinized. Staying at the Olsen residence could draw unwanted focus, not just from political rivals but also from families like the Cobbs. 
With the South family's members currently concentrated at the Olsen estate, such scrutiny was far from ideal. 
Uncle Olsen's solution struck a perfect balance, allowing Monbatten precious time with Amy while ensuring her safety. 
Monbatten agreed readily, visibly relieved.Soon after, Uncle Olsen packed a few essentials, along with Amy's clothes, toys, and a small entourage of caretakers, and departed with Monbatten. 
Once they were gone, Jenkins, Erin, and Sean all gravitated toward Keira. 
Jenkins whistled. "That was a masterstroke, Keira. You've tied Monbatten to us for good!" 
Erin popped a pistachio into her mouth. "Alright, spill. How long have you known about this? You kept us in the dark completely!" 
Keira responded nonchalantly, "I only found out recently." 
The group erupted into laughter. 
Keira, however, studied their expressions before posing a question. "The South family's Open House is coming up. Are you all planning to go back?" 
The room fell silent. 
After a long pause, Jenkins spoke first. "I promised you, didn't I? I'd help you handle Monbatten. I'll go back with you." 
Erin nodded, her tone casual but firm. "I'll go too." 
Sean hesitated before shaking his head. "I'm not going."
###Chapter 831
831  Chapter 830 
Jenkins immediately asked, "Why?" 
Sean shot her a cold glare, and she instinctively shrank back. This guy had been a source of intimidation for as long as Jenkins could remember, ever since they were kids. Sean didn't answer her question. Instead, Keira, who had been quietly observing, stepped in. "If I had to guess, you probably haven't been back much since you turned ten, have you?" Sean's gaze flickered with surprise, then he nodded slightly. "Yeah." Jenkins still looked baffled. "Why, though?" Sean glared at her again. "Shut up." Jenkins said, "... Okay." Without another word, Sean headed for the kitchen. Ever since the revelation of his true nature, Sean no longer bothered pretending to be the refined gentleman he'd once projected. The transformation was complete: gone was the genteel fa?ade, replaced by his sharp, unapologetic self. What was more, after shamelessly aligning himself with Keira, he'd practically taken up permanent residence at the Olsen estate, showing up daily to eat whatever she cooked. And if that wasn't enough— His sidekick had taken it upon himself to announce Sean's arrival like some royal decree. "Careful with that! Don't scratch anything, alright?" the lackey barked at the movers before marching up to Keira. 
"Miss Olsen, where's the room Mr. Church will be staying in?" Keira blinked, caught off guard. 
"Excuse me? He's moving in?" "Of course," the lackey chirped. "Our boss plans to eat your cooking every day. Living here will save us the trouble of commuting back and forth. The Olsen estate is huge—surely there's a spare room somewhere?" Well, he wasn't wrong. The sprawling Olsen mansion boasted dozens of rooms on each floor—more than enough for guests, staff, and residents. But the thing was, the Olsen family was big. Really big. And they never divided the estate. Add to that the increasing number of uninvited "guests" who had taken up semi-permanent residence, and all the sunny, prime-view guest rooms had already been claimed. Keira sighed and made her way to the kitchen, where Sean was enjoying a bowl of pasta she'd prepared. Keira wasn't a professional chef, after all. Cooking for Sean every day wasn't exactly part of the plan, so she kept it simple—soups, pasta, maybe some bread. 
Yet Sean, picky as he was, seemed perfectly content, polishing off her meals with an almost childlike satisfaction. It was ridiculous. In just a few days of staying at the Olsen estate, he'd visibly filled out. 
His complexion was glowing, and he looked so ethereal it was hard to tell if he was impossibly handsome or absurdly beautiful. Hearing her approach, Sean turned, his bright almond-shaped eyes flickering with what almost seemed like hurt. He finished his pasta in small, deliberate bites and then walked out without a word. Heading straight for Jenkins, he announced, "You. Move out of your room." Jenkins was shocked. This was outrageous! She wanted to protest. She really did. But Sean's intimidating presence made her words falter. Luckily, someone else had no such qualms. "Nope. Not happening." Peter had just walked in. After a long day at work, all Peter wanted was to unwind. 
But coming home to see his girlfriend being bullied? Absolutely not. Jenkins was currently occupying Peter's master bedroom. Peter rolled up his sleeves, storming over to Sean. "Who do you think you are?" Sean's eyes darkened, a dangerous edge flashing in his gaze. Before things escalated, Keira's calm voice broke through. "He's my fifth brother." Instantly, the tension in Sean's expression dissolved. It couldn't be helped. This guy wasn't someone he could kill. If he did, there'd go his meal. Letting out a disgruntled huff, Sean muttered, "Fine. Can I at least have some space here?" "For what?" Keira asked, puzzled. "To build a house." Keira was speechless. She pinched the bridge of her nose. "There's no need for that. You can take the guest room Peter's using." "What about me?" Peter protested. "Go back to your room," Keira said simply. Her words made Jenkins' cheeks flush. The two of them had been in a rough patch lately, each stubbornly sticking to their own space. Keira's suggestion was a blatant nudge for reconciliation. Jenkins coughed awkwardly, glancing at Peter, who blinked at her in confusion before asking, "But… where will Jenkins sleep?" Keira was dumbfounded. So was Jenkins. 
Even Erin, who had been casually munching pistachios, choked on one at Peter's obliviousness. Seriously, how did this guy ever land a girlfriend? With a sharp tug on his ear, Jenkins snapped, "What? Sharing a bed with me is such a hardship for you?" Peter stammered, "No! I just… wasn't thinking!" She dragged him upstairs to pack up his things. As Peter carried his belongings out of the room, he asked Sean, "Need a maid to change the sheets for you?" Sean scoffed. "No." "That's gross. I've slept there," Peter shot back, visibly annoyed. Sean didn't miss a beat. "I know. That's why I'm gutting the room and replacing everything with my own furniture." He gestured, and his team of lackeys swarmed the room. For the next hour, the once-cozy guest room was transformed into an elegant space with antique-style furnishings, every trace of Peter's presence scrubbed away. Downstairs, Jenkins and Erin sidled up to Keira, whispering, "Hey, Keira, what's Sean's deal? Why didn't he go back to the South family after he turned ten?"
###Chapter 832
832  Chapter 831 
Keira glanced at Jenkins, then at Erin standing behind her with her ears practically perked up. These two were such gossips. 
Keira couldn't help but twitch the corner of her mouth before finally saying, "I think it's because his voice has changed, and now he has an Adam's apple. It'd be tough to keep pretending to be a woman." 
Jenkins immediately had a lightbulb moment. 
Erin smacked her forehead. "Why didn't I think of that?" 
Keira gave them both a slightly exasperated look and walked away. 
There were still about ten days before the South family estate opened its gates. She needed to prepare. 
The mystery surrounding the South family lingered. Jenkins, Erin, and even Sean had remained tight-lipped about it. The silence made her feel both curious and uneasy. 
Back in her room, she saw Lewis typing away at his desk, engrossed in work. 
Keira walked over and asked, "Why are you so busy lately?" 
"I'm trying to wrap up everything for the next month," Lewis replied evenly. 
Ah, it clicked. He was clearing his schedule to accompany her to the South family. 
But she suspected the isolation of the South estate meant he couldn't afford to leave any loose ends. 
After thinking it through, Keira stood in front of him. "You shouldn't come with me this time." 
Lewis paused, his fingers hovering over the keyboard. Then he looked up at her. "Why not?" 
Keira explained slowly, "It's my first time going to the South estate, and I don't even know what to expect there. I want to check on my mom and make sure she's doing okay, but I can't guarantee I won't be found out. If they realize I'm not Keera, I might get stuck there. If you come with me, who's going to rescue me?" 
Lewis didn't hesitate to reject her idea. "No." 
Keira blinked in surprise. 
Lewis walked over to her, his tall frame casting a shadow over her. "Keira, do you know how hard it was for me when you fell into the ocean in Oceanion? Those days when I thought I'd lost you—do you know how painful that was? I'm not going to go through that again. I won't lose you." 
Hearing his answer, Keira sighed. 
She'd expected him to refuse, but she'd had to try asking. 
Seeing how resolute he was, she could only nod. "Alright. Together, then." 
"Yes, together. No matter what." 
Lewis pulled her into a hug before returning to his desk. "We don't know how long we'll be there, so I need to get everything squared away. Don't worry—I've made contingency plans for everything." 
Keira nodded. 
While Lewis was buried in work, Keira, who had already handed over most of her company responsibilities to others, found herself with nothing to do. She decided to go find Jenkins. 
On her way past Erin's room, the door swung open. "Where are you going?" Erin asked. 
"How'd you know it was me?" Keira replied. 
"I can tell by your footsteps. If you're walking past my room, you're heading to Jenkins'. Going to see her?" 
Erin pouted. "You've got a new buddy now and don't love me anymore?" 
Keira twitched her mouth in amusement. "I just want to ask her about the South family." 
"I can tell you about it too!" Erin said with a pout. 
Keira gave her a look. 
This girl, who'd been so aloof when they first met, refusing to spill anything about the South family, now seemed to feel threatened. 
Erin's personality was bubbly and open, her gaze clear and almost childlike. Yet, she was as cunning as a fox—a contradiction that was both fascinating and baffling. 
Keira finally said, "Alright, come with me. If Jenkins doesn't have all the answers, you can fill in the gaps." 
"Okay!" Erin said, then paused. "Wait a second." 
She darted back into her room. 
Keira didn't wait and instead went straight to Peter Olsen's door. She knocked, hearing some shuffling inside before Jenkins opened the door, her face flushed. 
"Keira? What's up?" 
"I wanted to ask you about the South family, but you seem… preoccupied?" Keira replied, noticing the faint hickeys on Jenkins' neck. 
Jenkins coughed awkwardly. "A little, yeah. How about—" 
Before she could finish, Erin came bounding over with a bag of snacks. She wore a pajama set with a bunny logo and fuzzy slippers. "Oh, Lion's busy? Keira, ask me instead! I'm free tonight—Peter's not home!" 
Jenkins, who'd been about to say she wasn't free, immediately interjected, "I'm free!" 
No way was she letting Erin score points in front of Keira. 
Without another word, Jenkins stepped out. "Let's talk in Erin's room." 
Keira had realized her mistake as soon as Jenkins opened the door. She shouldn't have shown up when Peter was home. 
So the trio, with Erin dragging a snack-laden tote bag, headed to Charles's room instead. 
It was Keira's first time there, and it was obvious Charles was a meticulous and scholarly man. The room was pristine, with a study boasting three walls of bookshelves filled with academic texts on physics and other sciences. 
However, among this orderliness was a glaringly out-of-place pink snack cabinet. 
Not to mention the fluffy white pillows and plush toys that were undoubtedly Erin's. 
Even more absurd, most of the books had been shoved to a corner, and the shelves were now stocked with snacks instead. 
It was as if Erin's chaotic energy had forced its way into Charles's methodical world. 
Yet Erin seemed completely oblivious. She flopped onto a sleek black leather couch with a white plush toy, crossed her legs, and pulled a snack cart closer with practiced ease. She even had tea ready on a side table. 
"Sit down, everyone!" she chirped. 
Keira found the whole setup amusing and sat beside Erin. 
Jenkins scanned the room, her lips twitching. "Don't you feel like you've completely disrupted Charles's life?" 
"Really?" Erin tilted her head innocently. "I think we're perfect for each other!" 
Jenkins sighed. 
Keira cut in, "Alright, let's focus. We're heading to the South family soon, and I want to know what to expect."
###Chapter 833
833  Chapter 832 
Erin shot her hand up immediately. "I'll go first!" 
Keira glanced at her, amused. 
This was the same Erin who always acted so secretive whenever Keira asked for details, guarding her information like it was the family's treasure. But now that Jenkins was here, she suddenly seemed eager to compete. 
"Alright," Keira said with a nod. "Go ahead." 
Erin cleared her throat dramatically. "So, over the years, I've gone back home a few times. It's always the same process. First, we take a boat out into the open sea. From there, a smaller boat comes to pick us up. At that point, they blindfold us, and we're on the water for about twelve hours. When we finally reach land, they still don't let us take off the blindfolds. We're immediately put in a carriage and taken to our respective homes." 
Erin paused for effect, then added, "And when I finally get to take off the blindfold—bam! I'm home." 
Keira blinked. "...Seriously?" 
That explanation was about as helpful as no explanation at all. Turning to Jenkins, she raised an eyebrow. 
He gave a small nod. "It's the same for me. Every trip back home lasts about a week. I get to spend time with my parents, and then, when it's time to leave, someone comes to escort us out. They drop us off on a fancy cruise ship, and to the outside world, it looks like we've spent a week at sea. But in reality, we've already been back home for that time." 
Keira frowned thoughtfully. "When you're home, can you leave the house?" 
Erin shook her head. "Not a chance." 
Jenkins chimed in, "We're monitored pretty closely. There's no going anywhere. They even do random checks to make sure we're home. For those seven days, it's really just family time—me and my parents, nothing else." 
Erin added, "There's no cell service at home either. The TVs work, though. We get all the regular channels from across the country. Honestly, aside from being stuck indoors, it's pretty comfortable." 
Jenkins nodded. "It's our little slice of peace before heading back out. And honestly, it's for our safety." 
Keira considered this. "So, if you could leave, anyone could figure out where you live, come for you, and... let's just say the 'heir wars' would get pretty ugly. That's why they keep you under lock and key—to protect you." 
"Exactly," they both replied. 
"Our appearances are a closely guarded secret," Jenkins explained. "Only our parents know what we look like. And honestly, those few days at home are the safest and most relaxed we ever get." 
Because out here, they always had to watch their backs, knowing other heirs might come after them. 
But at home? Total safety. 
"So when I go back," Erin said, stretching out her arms, "I just talk with Mom and then sleep for seven days straight." 
Jenkins chuckled. "Gotta unwind, you know." 
Erin grinned. "And I spend those seven days eating all of Mom's cooking." 
Keira could only sigh. "...Okay, but what if I don't have a login or password? Can I still get back?" 
Erin and Jenkins exchanged glances before responding in unison, "Of course. We don't need verification to get home. The accounts and passwords are only for the final heir showdown. Otherwise, our faces are our IDs." 
Keira blinked, startled. "Wait. What?" 
Erin and Jenkins elaborated, "Our guardians send regular updates about us to the family. They track everything." 
Keira frowned. "Then what about Sean Church? How did his situation slip through?" 
The two of them looked at each other, clearly puzzled. "Good point. If everything about us is reported back, how did no one realize Sean... isn't who they think he is?" 
Jenkins rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "The South family prioritizes daughters. Girls are the ones who carry on the family line. Male genes phase out after a couple of generations, so sons are considered... well, expendable. If the family knew Sean was male, they'd drag him back, strip him of his status as an heir, and end it right there." 
Erin gasped, covering her mouth. "How on earth did he manage to fool them?" 
Keira's eyes narrowed as a thought struck her. "Remember that little sidekick Sean always has with him?" 
They both nodded. 
"What if," Keira began slowly, "that sidekick is actually his guardian? If the guardian is helping him deceive the family, it would explain how he's managed to keep up the act." 
Erin's jaw dropped. "That explains why that little sidekick was never afraid of me!" 
Jenkins tapped his chin. "Guardians and heirs are supposed to be a team, after all. If the guardian is in on it, it's not that far-fetched." 
Keira gave a thoughtful nod before looking back at the two of them. "Alright, last question. How do I get one of those tickets to go back to the South family?" 
Erin and Jenkins shared a grin. "Your guardian will deliver it, of course."
###Chapter 834
834  Chapter 833 
Keira hesitated briefly when she heard that. "The Guardian will deliver it?" 
Her sister's Guardian was apparently Matthew. 
But ever since she exposed his identity last time, the two of them hadn't really been in contact… 
Keira tapped her chin thoughtfully and nodded. 
Well, that worked out. 
Matthew was definitely in the same boat as her—or at least he should be willing to help her, right? 
"Have you all gotten your tickets yet?" she asked. 
Erin immediately nodded. "I got mine ages ago! My Guardian sent it to me a month back!" 
Jenkins chimed in as well. "I've been here in Crera for a while, but my Guardian sent mine too!" 
Hearing this, Keira froze for a second before pulling out her phone and dialing Matthew. 
The phone barely rang before he picked up. 
His voice was calm, almost soothing. "Keira, what's wrong?" 
Keira got straight to the point. "So, about the South family's ticket—when were you planning to give it to me?" 
What she didn't expect was Matthew's blunt response: "I wasn't planning to give it to you." 
Keira was stunned. "What did you just say?" 
"I'm not giving it to you," he repeated evenly. "You're not ready to go to the South family." 
Her tone sharpened. "Matthew, you don't get to decide that for me!" 
Matthew sighed on the other end of the line. "You're right, I don't. But I do get to decide for Keera—I'm her Guardian." 
Keira frowned. "What's that supposed to mean?" 
"Keera has never set foot in the South family home. Do you know why?" 
"No," Keira said flatly. 
Matthew's voice grew heavier. "Because that house isn't hers." 
Keira's frown deepened. "What does that mean?" 
"It means," he said carefully, "that her adoptive mother doesn't like her. If you go back and they find out you're not her, that woman might very well expose your identity. The only reason she ever tolerated Keera was because the South family needed a daughter to serve as the next heir. Otherwise, that woman wouldn't have kept her at all." 
Keira took a deep breath. "That doesn't matter to me. I need to go back to find my mom." 
"I know," Matthew said quietly. 
"And that's exactly why I'm telling you that you can't go back. Do you realize that once you enter that house, you won't be allowed to leave? And you will leave. I know you, Keira. You'll slip out, and when they find out, both you and your mom will be in danger." 
Keira lowered her gaze, her voice cold. "There are probably only a handful of people in that family who know I'm my mom's daughter. Even if something happens to me, it won't affect her." 
The fact that Keera was Jodie South's daughter was a tightly kept secret, known only to Keera's adoptive mother, the very person who had orchestrated this arrangement. No one else in the family had any clue about her connection to Jodie. 
Matthew was playing this angle—that if Keira got caught, Jodie would be dragged into it—to scare her into backing off. 
But he knew Keira too well. 
If it were only about her own safety, she wouldn't care at all. 
It was only when he brought her mom into the picture that she'd hesitate. 
Unfortunately for him, thanks to Erin and Jenkins's stories, Keira wasn't buying his excuses this time. She had her own judgment now. 
Matthew clearly didn't expect this. After a long pause, he asked, "Do you have to go?" 
"I do." 
His voice was quieter now. "Even if it means you might not come back?" 
"Yes." 
Matthew sighed heavily. "Fine. I'll deliver the ticket to you myself tomorrow. But, Keira… you need to understand something. The South family isn't as good as you think it is. Nor is it as bad. It's just… mysterious." 
Keira's gaze fell on the reflection in the glass window ahead. 
It was nighttime, and she could see her silhouette faintly superimposed on the dark sky outside. 
For a moment, she felt as though she was staring at Keera herself, a strange and unexplainable feeling. 
"That's exactly why I have to go," she said softly. "I need to see it for myself." 
She needed to see this South family that had everyone so intrigued. 
Besides… 
If she wanted any chance of winning in the end, she had to use this time back at the South family to locate the other four heirs. 
After hanging up, Keira turned to Erin. "Alright. Now, can you tell me about the nine heirs of this generation in the South family?" 
Erin started without hesitation. "I don't know their real names, but I can tell you the codenames we've figured out so far. You already know a few. Vera saded with me, and her codename is Cat. Clownfish is Sean Church. Jenkins is Lion, I'm Fox, and you're Rabbit. As for the remaining four, we only know their codenames. Eagle is in the U.S., Cobra is in Country D, Cockroach is in Country P..." 
Keira almost choked on her drink. "Excuse me—Cockroach?" 
Erin rolled her eyes. "It's a codename. What's wrong with that?" 
"Cockroach was gross," Erin muttered. "I remember her from preschool. She was always filthy, like she lived in the shadows. Honestly, it suits her." 
Keira nodded slowly. "And what about the last one?" 
The moment she asked, Jenkins couldn't help but stifle a laugh.
###Chapter 835
835  Chapter 834 
Erin pressed her lips together, clearly holding back her thoughts. 
Keira noticed and asked, "What's wrong?" 
Jenkins jumped in before Erin could reply, "This last one here—her interests are surprisingly similar to Erin's." 
Keira frowned. "Food?" 
Jenkins nodded. "Exactly. That's why we nicknamed her Pig." 
Keira blinked, stunned. Were code names really handed out this carelessly? 
She twitched her lips in disbelief, but Erin cut in with immediate protest. "Hold on! What do you mean, my interests are the same as Pig's? I'm a selective eater, okay? I have standards! I don't just eat everything. She does! Anything remotely edible, she's all in!" 
Erin gave an exaggerated huff. "Back in preschool, she used to finish off all our leftovers. Seriously, we'd save them for her because she could eat everything! Her mom even showed up at school once to complain, saying the teachers were turning her kid into a pig. Said she was getting 'too big and too chubby.'" 
As Keira listened to their chatter, vividly picturing the scene from years ago, she couldn't help but interrupt with a question. "You two grew up together for a few years, right? After all that, can you really bring yourselves to go after each other, fighting tooth and nail?" 
The question landed like a bomb, leaving both Jenkins and Erin momentarily speechless. 
Neither of them saw that question coming. 
Even Erin, who had been happily munching on pistachios, slowly set them down and let out a sigh. 
Jenkins finally broke the silence. "Childhood friends? Sure, but most of that fades as you grow older. It's been years since we stayed in touch—there's no bond left to speak of. Besides, if this fight is destined to be a life-or-death struggle, showing mercy to your enemy is the same as being cruel to yourself." 
Jenkins' tone was calm, but her words carried a brutal finality. "I know you've never lived through something as ruthless as this, but you'd better remember what I'm telling you. Trust no one outside of our faction. 
"Be careful—even with me and Erin. We might seem loyal now, but trust? That's not even in our vocabulary. We grew up learning to protect ourselves first. If you ever end up in conflict with Eagle, and it looks like you're losing while Eagle's gaining the upper hand, Erin and I wouldn't hesitate to leave you behind." 
The seriousness of her expression, coupled with the harsh reality of her words, sent a chill through the air. 
Erin, however, wasn't having it. "Speak for yourself! I'm nothing like you!" she snapped. 
Keira glanced over at Erin, curious to hear her out. Erin folded her arms and huffed. "I said I'm different because I never pledged loyalty to her in the first place! I told her—she's my sidekick, not the other way around!" 
Keira pinched the bridge of her nose. 
She was honestly too tired to deal with Erin's antics right now. 
This girl could be all talk when it came to everything else, but when it came to loyalty? Not so much. 
Taking a deep breath, Keira turned to the two of them. "Thank you," she said sincerely. 
Both of them froze, caught off guard by the sudden gratitude. Erin coughed awkwardly. "Uh… what are you thanking us for?" 
"For being honest," Keira replied. "For telling me all this." 
"Well, uh… you're welcome, I guess." Erin quickly shoved another pistachio into her mouth, trying to brush off the moment. "But just so we're clear, my goal is to win and become the final heir. So don't even think about competing with me!" 
Jenkins smirked and turned to Keira. "I don't care who gets the inheritance, honestly. All I want is freedom. But if it has to be someone, I'd rather it be you. At least that way, you won't let Peter spend the rest of his life alone, right?" 
Keira's face flushed. "You… That's your reason for dating someone from the Olsen family?!" 
Jenkins coughed awkwardly. "More or less." 
Keira glanced over her shoulder with a sly smile. "Peter, looks like you're being used again." 
Jenkins whipped around in alarm, her previous mishap clearly still fresh in her mind. She scanned the room, half-expecting Peter to suddenly appear. When she realized no one was there, she turned back to Keira, narrowing her eyes. "You tricked me again!" 
Keira chuckled, unable to contain her amusement. 
Jenkins lunged for her, fingers aimed to tickle. "You're so dead for this! You've pranked me one too many times!" 
Dodging out of the way, Keira suddenly turned serious. "I just want to remind you—if you love someone, don't keep pretending like you don't." 
Keira then shifted topics. "By the way, Lewis wants to come with me to the South family estate. Any ideas?" 
"Sure!" Jenkins and Erin answered in unison. 
Erin's eyes sparkled mischievously. "You can bring someone with you. Especially a fiancé! The South family loves that." 
Jenkins chimed in with a smirk. "They'll be so welcoming that your 'fiancé' might never leave." 
Keira shot them a deadpan look. Erin nudged Jenkins playfully. "Alright, jokes aside. Bringing a fiancé essentially means they're joining the South family. He won't be allowed to leave—ever. Basically, he'd become collateral. So… if you can avoid it, don't bring him." 
Keira nodded, making an "okay" gesture. 
Looked like bringing Lewis wasn't an option after all. 
In some ways, that was a relief. Leaving him in Clance was probably the safest choice. After all, once she set foot in the South family estate, there was a good chance her identity would be exposed.
###Chapter 836
836  Chapter 835 
That evening, Keira told Lewis about the situation. 
Lewis listened, his reaction calm as always. "Got it," he said plainly, offering no further comment. 
Keira assumed he'd given up on the idea entirely. 
But the next morning, Matthew arrived and handed her two cruise tickets. 
Keira looked at them in surprise and asked, "Who's the other one for?" 
Matthew answered in his usual detached tone, "I'm going with you." 
She blinked. "You?" 
He adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses. "Yes, you may be 'Keera', but there's a lot you don't know. Sure, you left the South family when you were three and don't remember much, but over the years, I've maintained contact with them. Without my help, you wouldn't be able to pull this off. Besides…" He paused before continuing, "You're going to need Keera's account credentials and password, right?" 
Matthew explained further, "The final round of the competition requires an entry ticket. The South family has implemented strict measures to prevent imposters, so you'll need the account credentials to verify your identity. DNA verification might also be required. Since you and Keera are identical twins, your DNA should be similar enough, but you don't know the credentials—only your adoptive mother does." 
Keira frowned and took a moment to process this. "Can guardians board the ship too?" she asked. 
He nodded. "They can." 
She sighed. "Alright then." 
Her eyes dropped to the cruise ticket in her hand. 
It was for a luxury cruise spanning Europe, set to sail for two weeks. Curious, she asked, "Where exactly are we supposed to disembark?" 
Matthew replied, "That depends on instructions from the South family. I have a satellite phone for updates. As for you, you won't be allowed to bring any personal belongings on board." 
Keira nodded, then asked another question. "Are all the heirs on the same ship?" 
"Of course not," Matthew said, shaking his head. 
She exhaled in relief. 
The thought of every heir being on one ship sounded like a disaster waiting to happen—what if someone decided to sink the entire ship? 
As if reading her mind, Matthew added, "About a century ago, they did put all the heirs on one ship. Someone actually sank it. Luckily, the South family was nearby to rescue the survivors, but even then, the number of heirs dropped from over a hundred to barely a dozen. The rest drowned. Ever since then, they've divided everyone onto different ships. No one knows which ship you'll be on." 
Keira stared at him. "Wait, are you saying…" Matthew asked, "What?" 
"That ship wasn't… the Titanic, was it?" 
Matthew didn't know what to say. 
He gave her a blank look and ignored her joke, continuing instead, "When you board, you can bring personal items and just tell people you're going on vacation. But once you're on the ship, follow my lead." 
She nodded obediently. 
Matthew studied her for a moment and added, "And when we get to the South family, you'll also need to follow my instructions. No running off and doing your own thing. If you can't agree to that, I won't take you to the South family, even if you board the ship." 
Only Matthew could contact the South family. 
Keira rolled her eyes. "Fine. I'm not stupid. I'm not going to risk blowing my cover and getting myself killed!" 
Matthew seemed satisfied with her answer. He handed her a small box of pills next. 
"What's this?" she asked. 
"Your iron deficiency anemia hasn't flared up recently, right? It's because of this medication. Make sure to take it regularly." 
She looked at the pills and sighed. "Fine." 
Matthew stood and dusted off his coat. "I'll see you in two days then," he said, referring to their boarding date. 
Keira nodded. 
After he left, Keira headed upstairs, hoping to check on Lewis. But when she found him, he was still glued to his laptop, buried in work. She leaned against the doorway. "You're still working? You're not even coming along, so why bother?" 
Lewis looked up and smirked. "Who said I'm not coming? 
"Let me finish my work first." 
Keira froze, confused. "Wait… you found a way?" 
"There's always a way," Lewis said nonchalantly, still typing. 
"Why don't you chat a little more? Keep talking." 
"What?" Keira blinked. "About what?" 
"Anything," he replied, pulling off his headphones and unplugging his laptop. "The team wants to hear from you." 
She glanced over his shoulder and realized he was on a video call. On-screen, several faces eagerly greeted her. 
"Hi, Mrs. Horton!" someone called out cheerfully. 
Keira waved awkwardly, shot Lewis a glare, and left the room, retreating to their bedroom. 
Half an hour later, Lewis finished his call and joined her. 
She raised a brow. "Yeah. So? Spill." 
He leaned casually against the doorframe. "You already know the rules. Only guardians or future sons-in-law can accompany the heirs. Since I'm neither an heir nor a future son-in-law, I'll go as a guardian." 
Her confusion deepened. "Who's guardian will you be?" 
"Erin's," he said calmly. 
Keira froze. "What?" 
Lewis explained, "We've already worked it out. Her current guardian has handed me the ticket. We'll board separate ships but end up at the same destination. So… I'll see you at the South family estate."
###Chapter 837
837  Chapter 836 
The day Keira and Matthew left Clance, the weather was clear and bright. 
Keira and Matthew got into one car, while Lewis and Erin climbed into another. 
The two exchanged glances from a distance. 
Keira squinted at the sunlight behind Lewis; it was almost blinding. She raised her hand to shield her eyes and finally caught a glimpse of his expression. 
He was staring at her quietly, his face relaxed, a look of calm serenity. 
Keira smiled faintly at him. 
Lewis seemed momentarily surprised, then his usually cold expression softened. He waved at Keira, and both of them got into their respective cars. Their vehicles slowly pulled away, heading in opposite directions. 
Keira wasn't sure why, but she felt the urge to glance back. 
Lewis's car was moving farther away, but just as she turned, his window rolled down. He turned his head to look at her. 
Keira smiled again and waved. 
A slight pang of sadness tugged at her heart. 
This was the first time they were parting ways since they had come to Clance and reconciled. Before this, he'd put his work aside to be by her side every day, almost like a chauffeur. They were constantly together, and now, this sudden separation felt almost unfamiliar. 
She was also realizing that this was the first time she had shown such a lively side of herself in front of him. 
Lewis smiled at the thought. 
Both cars rolled up their windows, continuing on their separate paths. 
Keira's smile lingered. 
Matthew glanced at her and couldn't help but comment, "You look like you're about to start floating away with that smile." 
Keira shot him a look. 
She used to think that Matthew was interested in her, but after learning that he had feelings for Erin, things between them became much more comfortable. 
Keira rolled her eyes. "You wouldn't understand, single dog." 
Matthew laughed. "I'm a single dog, but do you think being the South family's son-in-law is all that easy?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?" 
"If you marry him and can't have kids after three years, the South family will make you find a new man." 
Keira froze. "What?!" 
She frowned. "Don't joke around like that!" 
Matthew said slowly, "Look at me. Do I look like I'm joking? The South family would do that. Do you know why your sister insists on having a child? It's because the South family's heirs are dwindling. Among the next generation, you're the only one with a child. That's your advantage in the inheritance battle." 
Keira was speechless. 
It felt almost like she was fighting for the throne. 
Having a child as a bargaining chip? 
Matthew lowered his eyes. "Don't think I'm scaring you. Why do you think the women in the South family are all desperate for freedom? Why do you think your mom left the South family and never went back? It's because once you go back, you become nothing but a breeding tool. Do you know why the successful heirs can come and go as they please, but the ones who fail have to stay in the South family? Do you know what they're doing there?" 
Keira's pupils shrank. "You mean...?" 
"Exactly. They're having children. That's why your mom ran away. She has a rare fertility condition, and the South family wanted her to keep having kids to carry on their bloodline. You and your sister weren't enough; they'd want more. The South family will stop at nothing to continue their legacy." 
Keira's expression darkened. "So the women of the South family run the household, but they're treated like breeding machines?" 
Matthew looked ahead, his tone heavy. "The South family's bloodline can't be broken. It's the fate of every South family member." 
Keira clenched her fists. "There's nothing that can't be broken. Think about it. In feudal dynasties, which one didn't fall eventually? The South family has lasted over a thousand years. That's impressive enough." 
Matthew shook his head again and sighed. "You still don't get it. Come with me to the South family. You'll finally understand what they're really like." 
Keira furrowed her brow. 
After a moment, she nodded. 
The car soon arrived at the dock, and Keira and Matthew got out, boarding a cruise ship. 
Meanwhile, Lewis and Erin were already boarding a plane to Country F. 
The South family's location is a closely guarded secret, and no one can pinpoint it. 
After entering their rooms aboard the cruise, the ship slowly began to move. 
There were thousands of people on the cruise, so the sudden disappearance of two Creran nationals wouldn't cause much of a stir. Besides, Keira and Matthew had instructed the staff not to disturb them for the week. 
Keira, after freshening up, went out and made her way to the deck, where she had arranged to meet Matthew. 
Matthew looked at her. "You didn't bring any electronics, did you? Don't even think about sneaking them on board. You won't be able to." 
Keira nodded. "I know." 
Time passed. It felt like hours, or maybe longer. When the ship ventured deep into the dark sea, a faint light appeared in the distance. 
Keira was wondering what it was when Matthew spoke. 
"The South family is here to pick us up."
###Chapter 838
838  Chapter 837 
The South family's boat was tiny, almost laughable against the vast ocean. Just watching it rock with the waves, Keira felt like a single strong wave might overturn it in an instant. 
She kept her eyes fixed on the little boat as it gradually drifted toward the cruise ship they were on, coming to a stop just below it. 
Without saying a word, she glanced at Matthew for confirmation. 
He gave her a nod and said, "I'll show you how it's done, but only once." 
With that, he leaped over the side of the ship and dove straight down! 
Keira gasped, her breath catching in her throat. 
She rushed to the edge to look down. The ship's deck was at least 30 feet above the water. Jumping from that height—if you didn't position yourself just right—would be like hitting concrete. 
Matthew, however, dove like a pro. Hands out in front, his form was flawless, cutting through the water like an Olympic diver. He surfaced quickly and swam toward the small boat, where someone immediately threw a cloak over his shoulders. 
Then, standing on the boat, he waved her over. 
Keira hesitated. 
If this had been any other member of the South family, she wondered, would they have survived the jump? 
Lowering her gaze, she couldn't help but feel a flicker of worry for Lewis. 
They'd never talked about whether he could swim. What if he couldn't? 
Shaking the thought away, she stepped up to the edge of the deck. Mimicking Matthew's earlier stance, she jumped. 
The cold hit her like a wall. Ice-cold water stabbed at her skin, making it feel like needles were piercing every inch of her body. 
She pushed the pain aside, focusing only on reaching the surface. 
Keira had always been a decent swimmer, but as she tried to move upward, her body betrayed her. A wave of panic constricted her chest, making it hard to breathe. 
Memories of nearly drowning back in Oceanion came flooding back, triggering a deep-seated fear of open water. No. She couldn't give in. Not now. Not when her mother needed her. 
Determined, she fought to regain control, but her muscles stayed rigid. 
Anyone who's ever swum knows that stiffness is a death sentence in the water. 
The harder she fought, the more she sank. 
Deeper… and deeper… 
Her eyes locked onto the faint shimmer of light above, but it felt impossibly far away. 
Just as she thought this might be the end, a rope splashed into the water beside her. She grabbed it instinctively, holding on with all her strength as someone hauled her upward. 
Breaking the surface, Keira gasped for air, her chest heaving. 
Matthew reached out from the boat, grabbing her arm to pull her aboard. 
The moment she was safely inside, someone draped a warm blanket over her. 
Catching her breath, Keira looked around the small boat and saw three people: a boatman and two men staring at her. 
She turned to Matthew, silently demanding an explanation. 
He cleared his throat awkwardly. "Keera, it's been a while since you've been home. These are… your mom's husbands." 
Keira froze. 
"Husbands? Plural?" 
One of the men looked barely over twenty, while the other was older, probably in his forties. 
The older man sneered, "What's this? You've been avoiding home all these years because you can't swim? Pathetic. Just wait till your mom sees you. She'll have a field day chewing you out!" 
The younger man, on the other hand, was much kinder. "Don't mind him. Your mom's been missing you so much. She talks about you every day…" 
Keira stiffened, unsure how to respond. The "mom" they mentioned was technically her adoptive mother—the one who'd stolen her as a baby from Jodie South, the rightful heir. 
She stayed silent, figuring it was safer that way. 
The older man clicked his tongue, clearly annoyed. "Still as dull as ever, huh? With a blockhead like you, how are you supposed to win the inheritance fight? If you lose, we'll be trapped in the South family forever. Do you even understand that?" 
Keira remained expressionless, nodding slightly. She'd learned the hard way that sometimes it was better to say nothing at all. 
Her silence only made the man angrier. "What's wrong with you? Cat got your tongue?" 
The younger man stepped in to defuse the tension. "Alright, alright, let's not fight on her first day back. It's been over twenty years since you last saw her. What would the lady of the house think if she knew you greeted her like this?" 
The older man huffed but finally backed off. 
The younger one pulled out a strip of black fabric. "Standard procedure," he said with a polite smile. "You're not allowed to see the route." 
Keira glanced at Matthew, who nodded reassuringly. She gave the man a slight nod of her own. 
He stepped forward and carefully tied the blindfold over her eyes, then did the same to Matthew. Once they were both blindfolded, the boat began moving. 
The journey was long and disorienting. Keira tried to focus on the sounds of the water, hoping to get a sense of where they were heading. But the boat rocked too much, and the only things she could hear were the wind and the waves. 
After a while, she gave up and let herself drift into sleep. 
A voice eventually woke her. "Keera, wake up. We're here." 
She sat up groggily, pulling off the blindfold. As her vision cleared, she finally got her first glimpse of the South family's hidden stronghold.
###Chapter 839
839  Chapter 838 
Keira blinked in surprise the moment she saw the South family estate. 
She wasn't on the ship anymore. That much was clear. Before falling asleep, she'd been onboard. That could only mean one thing—someone had drugged her on the way here. 
The South family... She couldn't even take in the whole estate because she was already inside one of their mansions. 
It was a small, vintage-style home. Keira was sitting in the living room. Everything around her was almost indistinguishable from what she'd find back home in Crera, even down to the flat-screen TV mounted on the wall. 
Matthew, lying next to her, stirred awake and looked around, his expression dazed. 
Their eyes met, and both of them frowned slightly. 
Before either could speak, a sharp, cutting voice rang out. "I thought you were planning on never coming back." 
Keira turned her head and saw a woman in a wheelchair being slowly pushed toward her. 
From one angle, the woman's face was stunning, a portrait of perfection. But as she turned fully toward Keira, her other side came into view, and Keira's pupils constricted. 
She barely managed to suppress a gasp. 
That half of her face was disfigured, horrifically scarred by burns. One eye was nothing more than a blackened hollow, the nose had been destroyed, and the lips were fused together in uneven patches. It was terrifyingly deliberate, as if someone had made sure every inch of the burn was meticulously inflicted. 
Keira clenched her jaw, unsure how to react. 
Was this what Keera had faced all those years ago before leaving at the age of three? 
Before Keira could think further, the woman let out a cold laugh. "What? Seeing me like this didn't scare you?" 
Keira hesitated, sensing a trap. She stayed silent. 
The woman sneered. "This is what happens to failures, Keera. If you fail, you'll end up trapped in this house, just like me. And they'll keep sending men to you, one after another, just to make sure you bear children. Even though I've lost the ability to have kids, they didn't stop. They'll never stop. Ha!" 
Keira's frown deepened. 
So, the scars on this woman's face… they must have come in the years since. 
She lowered her gaze, contemplative. 
The woman's voice rose, sharp and grating. "Are you mute now? You finally came back to see me, and this is the face you give me? I know what's going on!" 
The woman laughed bitterly. "You've found out I'm not your real mother, haven't you? Ha! And now you hate me for taking you in back then? Let me tell you something—I saved your life! If I hadn't brought you here and made you one of the potential heirs, you would've ended up like your sister, disappearing forever into the ocean. That's how the South family operates. Didn't you know? Traitors to the family always die! That Jodie South—she's been captured by the South family. Ha!" 
The woman's gaze turned back to Keira. "So, you've learned she's your mother? I bet you care about her, don't you?" 
Keira finally broke her silence, her first words since arriving. "Where is she?" 
The woman froze for a moment before grabbing something from the nearby table and hurling it at Keira. "Ungrateful brat! Not one word of concern for me, and the first thing out of your mouth is about her? You little ingrate!" 
Keira tilted her head slightly, easily dodging the flying . She turned back to face the woman. 
This woman was clearly unhinged, her psyche twisted beyond recognition. 
Her gaze held a hint of madness, and it wasn't hard to see why her sister had never returned over the years. The suffocating atmosphere of this house was unbearable. 
Keira took a deep breath. Seeing the woman wheel herself closer, Keira reached out and firmly pressed down on her shoulder. "Alright, I've seen how you're doing. Am I supposed to ask if life's been good to you?" 
The woman paused, caught off guard. 
Keira frowned. "I know life hasn't been kind to you. That's why I'm trying. If I can become the next successor, maybe things will get better for you." 
The woman stared at her, dumbfounded. "You're planning to fight for it now? You never cared about that before. Let me guess—you're doing this for your real mother, aren't you? Of course, a mother-daughter bond… Three years of raising you wasn't enough to warm your heart!" 
That almost sounded like jealousy. 
But the subtle shift in the woman's tone, the faint softening of her hostility, made it clear that Keira's carefully placed words of concern had hit the mark. 
Keira lowered her gaze. "Did I ever resent you when I was little?" 
The woman turned her head, avoiding her gaze. "You didn't know I wasn't your real mother back then. At most, you thought I was too strict and ignored me. But you were just three when you left, a quiet little thing who never spoke much. How was I supposed to know what you were thinking?" 
Keira spoke again, her tone calm. "I didn't resent you." 
"Then why didn't you ever come back to see me?" 
Keira fell silent, searching for an excuse. "I don't know how to swim." 
The woman immediately glared at her. "Ridiculous! All these years, and you still can't swim? When you were little, I threw you into the water, and all you did was cry your lungs out. I heard you almost drowned this time, didn't you?" 
She let out another bitter laugh. "You'd risk drowning for your real mother, huh? Such devotion!" 
Keira sighed inwardly. Is she jealous again?
###Chapter 840
840  Chapter 839 
Keira glanced at the woman before her and noticed how she tilted her head, deliberately showcasing the unscarred side of her face. 
Keira suddenly walked closer and asked, "Did it hurt when half your face was destroyed?" 
The woman froze for a moment, visibly startled by the question. 
She clearly hadn't expected such a sudden inquiry, especially one that sounded like concern. A hint of sadness flashed in her eyes before she pressed her lips together and said, "I don't really remember anymore. It happened the year after you left. They ruined my face, and that was nearly twenty years ago now. It probably hurt a lot back then… Anyway, Keera, remember this: if you can't secure the position, get out. Change your face, take on a new identity, and never come back." 
Keira studied Jessica's face, her voice low and contemplative. "Does everyone who loses end up like this?" 
Though worried about Jodie South, Keira knew asking directly would trigger the woman's temper. Instead, she tried to probe indirectly. 
The woman, however, saw right through her. "You're thinking about Jodie, aren't you? Well," she scoffed, "she's doing slightly better than me, I suppose. Word is, she gets whipped every day. Oh, they're probably streaming it live on tonight's news." 
Keira's fists clenched tightly at the words. 
The woman, unfazed, continued in a detached tone, "Still, that's a mild punishment, really. She's almost fifty now and past childbearing age. If they'd found her twenty years ago…" She trailed off, her gaze lowering. 
Two men walked into the room then—one older and one younger. 
The older man approached Jessica and rested a hand on her shoulder. "Jessica, this is all my fault. If you hadn't stayed loyal to me back then, refused the men they sent to you, and secretly had your uterus removed, none of this would've happened. They wouldn't have broken your legs or ruined your face…" 
Jessica. 
Keira silently memorized her name. 
Jessica slapped the man's hand away, her voice sharp. "I had fertility issues even before all this. Stealing Keera was my desperate attempt to give them a bargaining chip. But even that wasn't enough. After I lost the inheritance battle, I was stripped of every shred of dignity. Month after month, they came to inject me with ovulation hormones, trying to force me to bear more heirs for the South family. If I hadn't had my uterus removed, I'd probably still be stuck in a cycle of failed pregnancies. I didn't do it for you—I did it for me!" 
The man sighed quietly, saying nothing more. 
The younger man crouched in front of Jessica, taking her hand in his. "You're so brave, Jessica." 
Before Jessica could respond, the older man shoved the younger one aside. "Knock it off with your little act, you scheming bastard! Jessica, he's not genuine. Don't let him fool you!" 
Keira stood silently, watching the scene unfold. 
For once, she was witnessing two men bickering over a woman—a dynamic she thought only existed in cheesy romance novels. 
Jessica turned to her and broke the awkward moment. "This is your Uncle Jake—he used to change your diapers when you were little. And that's your Uncle Ryan." 
Keira's gaze shifted to the younger man. 
Jessica, visibly uncomfortable, explained, "Even though I'm not in power anymore, the South family still sends me one man a year. Ryan didn't want to be sent elsewhere, so he ended up staying here." 
Ryan quickly added, "Jake, I've never been intimate with Jessica. You don't need to treat me as a rival. I just want a safe place to live." 
Jake sneered. "There you go again, spinning your innocent little tales." 
Ryan gave Jessica a pleading, puppy-dog look, his eyes radiating helplessness. 
Jessica immediately turned to Jake, snapping, "That's enough! Don't I spend every night with you? Why do you have to keep picking fights with him?" 
Jake clenched his teeth in frustration, pointing at Ryan but failing to find the words. In the end, he stomped off, heading upstairs. "Fine, fine! I can't out-argue him. I'm going to bed!" 
Ryan cast Jessica another forlorn glance. "I'll head upstairs too. I wouldn't want to intrude on your reunion with your daughter." 
As the two men disappeared, Jessica turned back to Keira, only to catch her struggling to suppress a laugh. 
"What are you laughing at?" Jessica snapped, her tone defensive. "If you lose your inheritance battle, this will be your future too! Everyone who loses is sent a new 'companion' every year to ensure the bloodline continues. Unlike others, I've been loyal—I've only ever been with Jake. Ryan just looked pitiful, so I let him stay." 
Keira's silence only deepened the awkwardness. The look in her eyes made Jessica shift uncomfortably. "He's like a helpless fawn, all wide-eyed and innocent. I just felt sorry for him, okay? What's wrong with that?" 
Keira finally chuckled, shaking her head. "Nothing. Nothing at all." 
Jessica huffed and glanced at the clock on the wall. "You must be hungry. I'll have them prepare some food for you." 
Before Keira could respond, Jessica turned on the TV. "Aren't you worried about Jodie? Let's check on her." 
Keira turned toward the screen—and there she was. Jodie South. 
Her breath caught in her throat.
###Chapter 841
841  Chapter 840 
The TV screen displayed a live broadcast. 
The person in the spotlight was Jodie South. 
She sat gracefully in a well-lit room, wearing a sleek dress that accentuated her elegance. Two men stood beside her, one of them holding a whip. 
"Do you realize what you've done wrong?" the man demanded. 
Jodie didn't answer. 
The whip cracked across her back. 
Snap! 
Snap! 
Snap! 
Three sharp lashes landed in succession. Jodie remained unfazed, not even flinching. Yet to Keira, watching from afar, each strike felt like it had hit her instead, leaving her chest aching as though pierced by invisible thorns. 
"Does it hurt?" the man asked. 
Jodie actually smiled. "It does." 
Her words contradicted her nonchalant expression, as if she found the lashes no more bothersome than a scratch through clothing. The man frowned in annoyance. 
The second man spoke. "Will you try running again?" 
"I won't," Jodie replied obediently. "Staying here in the South estate suits me. I won't run again. It's a fine place to grow old." 
With that, one of the men yanked her up and led her away. 
The broadcast moved on to the next person. 
This time, the victim screamed in pain under the whip. 
In that moment, Keira understood. 
There was no way it didn't hurt. 
Jodie was enduring it deliberately. She knew Keira would be watching and didn't want her to act rashly. 
Keira's initial fury—the impulse to burst in and tear everything apart—was quickly replaced by a quiet, searing pain in her chest. Her hands clenched into fists, and her eyes turned red-rimmed. 
Jessica switched off the broadcast and turned to Keira. "Your mom's fine," she said coolly. "Yeah, those lashes sting, but they're meant to humiliate, not harm. The wounds will be treated. After all, she's still a daughter of the South family." 
Jessica gave a short, mirthless laugh. "Even someone like me wasn't abandoned by the family. Your mom's in no real danger, so don't do anything reckless." 
Keira was silent. 
Jessica continued, her tone calm and measured. "If you want to save your mom, the only way is to become the next heir. I know you're smart and always scheming, but I'll warn you now: don't act impulsively." 
Keira's jaw tightened as she gazed out the window. 
The sky was black. 
She recalled arriving from the ship at night. Had they traveled for a full day and night? Or only a few hours? It was hard to tell—time seemed suspended here. 
Lost in thought, Keira heard Jessica speak again. "Stop guessing. You've barely scratched the surface of what the South family is capable of. And don't forget—they have the ability to predict the future." 
Keira spun around, her eyes sharp. "Is that true? Can the South family really predict the future?" 
Jessica gave her a wry smile. "How should I know? That ability only gets passed down to the heir. I'm not one. But let me tell you this—every prophecy the family has ever released has come true." 
Keira's brows furrowed deeply. 
She took a step toward the door. "Can I leave this room?" 
"No," Jessica replied flatly. "You're being watched. Every person who enters or leaves the estate is monitored. And you… well, you're under constant surveillance—even in the shower. So do yourself a favor and skip the bath for the week." 
Jessica wheeled herself closer to Keira, her voice carrying a bitter edge. "This estate is a cage. Only the heir can break free. Keera, I've told you that your whole life. As a kid, you didn't understand. You thought I was strict, maybe even cruel. Now, perhaps you finally get it." 
Her words echoed through the living room as she disappeared into her bedroom. 
Keira stood motionless, her mind racing. 
What could she do? 
If coming back to the South family meant she was trapped—unable to leave, unable to act—how could she gather the information she needed? How could she possibly save her mother? 
After a long silence, her eyes turned to Matthew. 
He spoke before she could. "As your guardian, I can't leave either. The South family is shrouded in too much mystery. I can't see a way through." 
Keira pressed her lips together, but another name came to mind—Lewis Horton. 
By now, if the timing was right, he should have already infiltrated the South estate. Would they recognize him? 
Would he be safe? 
Keira took a cautious step toward the door, testing her limits. 
Just as her foot crossed the threshold, Jake appeared in front of her. His weathered face held a faint smile. "Thinking of going out?" he asked. 
Keira nodded. 
The man chuckled lightly. "I'm sure you've grown strong—maybe even strong enough to slip past the estate's defenses. But have you considered what happens next? If you take one step outside this door, your mother might die." 
Keira's pupils constricted. "What do you mean?" 
The man sighed. "The South family has strict rules. If they find out you've escaped—or even attempted to—they won't try to catch you first. They'll execute Jodie." 
Keira froze. 
The man smiled faintly. "And if Jessica dares to leave the South family, you'll be the first person they kill. Do you know how she got that scar on her face?"
###Chapter 842
842  Chapter 841 
Keira froze for a moment. "Why did this happen? Isn't it because of you?" 
Jake wasted no time. "The truth is, she didn't want to go along with the marriage the family arranged for her. She removed her own uterus. They broke her legs for it. And the scars on her face? Those are because of you. Back when you disappeared suddenly in Clance for about a year, the South family thought you betrayed them. That's why they tortured her." 
Keira stared at him in disbelief. "How could this…" Her voice faltered. 
Jake sighed heavily. "She didn't tell you because she didn't want you carrying the burden of guilt. Even though she stole you away and only raised you for three years, she truly cared for you. Children are rare in the South family, and she… she genuinely adored you." 
Keira fell silent. 
But no matter how deep that love was, it didn't justify stealing her sister. 
If Jessica hadn't taken her sister, maybe she and her sister could have lived happily in Oceanion with Jodie. If her sister were still around, the whole ordeal of being switched by Poppy might never have happened. 
As she mulled over these thoughts, Jake seemed to sense what was on her mind. He spoke bluntly. "Do you think your mother and sister stayed hidden in Oceanion for so many years by sheer luck? Jessica was covering for them. It was only when you decided to go see them without permission that they were exposed. Your every move is monitored. How could you be so reckless?" 
Keira was stunned. 
All those years of safety in Oceanion, even her mother and sister's peace of mind, had been orchestrated by Jessica? 
She clenched her fists tightly. 
Jake sighed again. "You've come home after all this time. Stay with her. She's been keeping tabs on you this whole time. Even though you never returned, she hasn't missed a single thing about your life. When you married that scumbag, she was so furious she screamed at the walls for three days straight, losing her voice in the process. When you gave birth to Amy, she was ecstatic, staying up all night and day, going through her assets to see what she could leave for the little girl." 
After finishing, Jake patted her shoulder and walked away. 
Keira remained where she was, trapped in a storm of emotions. 
Coming back to the South family had finally made her feel closer to Jodie, her mother. But stepping outside would mean being discovered. If she didn't leave, though, how could she ever find her mother? 
She lowered her gaze in deep thought. 
She could only stay for a week. No—if she accounted for travel, she really only had five days in the South family's home. 
If she did nothing in those five days, if she couldn't even step outside, how could she uncover the truth about the South family? 
Keira took a deep breath. 
Matthew came up beside her. "Go rest for now. Let's deal with tomorrow when it comes." 
She nodded, following him upstairs into Keera's old room. 
Keera's room still retained its childhood decor. The space was painted in soft pink tones, looking every bit like a princess's room. 
Keira had come back not only to gather information on the South family and to see Jodie but also for another critical reason: to find Keera's account credentials. 
Those credentials were the only key to securing a claim to the South family's inheritance. While the nature of the final contest and what it entailed were unclear, without that account, she wouldn't even have a chance to compete. 
She started searching through the room. 
Though the room seemed large, it didn't actually have many hiding spots for storage. 
Since the account information was said to be stored within the house, it was most likely in Keera's room. 
Carefully, she combed through every corner. 
Keera had been three years old. There weren't many belongings from that time—certainly not journals. Most of what remained were toys and clothes. Keira quickly went through everything but found no clues. 
Frustration bubbled within her. 
She walked out onto the balcony, hoping to take in the view and get a better sense of the South family's location. 
All she could see were more buildings. 
The faint light of dawn broke over the horizon. 
Keira stepped out onto the rooftop. The house was only three stories tall, so she climbed to the top to get a better look. 
The city around her was unmistakably modern, with tall buildings stretching endlessly, blocking her view of the city's layout. 
As she craned her neck, trying to see further, Jessica rolled up beside her in a wheelchair. "I know exactly what you're planning." 
Keira's eyes darkened. 
Jessica lowered her gaze. "You've always been determined and ambitious. Now that you're back, you'd never just sit quietly at home. You don't have to let Jake's words scare you. Do what you need to do. As for me… I've been wanting to die for years. If not for the fact that taking my own life would bring disgrace to the family and drag you down with me, I would've ended things long ago. If you're caught and I'm executed for it, that's a relief for me." 
Hearing this, Keira turned to her, startled. "Fortune favors the bold. I came back this time to see who the other heirs are. Do you have any leads?" 
Jessica responded calmly, "Tonight, once it's dark, make your move."
###Chapter 843
843  Chapter 842 
Keira froze for a moment. 
She hadn't expected Jessica to actually encourage her to go out. 
While Keira was still processing this, Jessica gave her hand a light pat before turning and leaving the room. 
Keira paced around the room, restless. 
She turned on the TV, only to find that the selection of shows and movies was shockingly sparse. Almost everything was local productions, as if there was a deliberate effort to limit the city's residents from learning about the outside world. 
Even the news focused exclusively on local events—what had happened in town, who had done what, and little else. 
Yet, one thing stood out to Keira: the South family's city was surprisingly large. With a population of about five million, it seemed the people here had grown used to this way of life. 
And the city was run with an iron grip. 
There was a strict curfew at night, and people were only allowed to move freely during the day. 
At night, soldiers patrolled the streets. It looked like a modern society at first glance, but the way it was managed felt more like a feudal kingdom. 
The South family ruled as if they were sovereigns, and the people's reverence for them bordered on blind worship. Nobody seemed to have their own thoughts—they just obeyed. 
Yet oddly, the people here dressed like royalty. From the TV broadcasts, Keira could see that nearly everyone on the streets wore custom-made designer clothes. They strolled leisurely, their lives appearing carefree and luxurious. 
Keira spent the entire day watching the news. 
That evening, after dinner, Jessica came over. "You've been watching all day. So, what did you learn?" 
Keira hesitated for a moment before cautiously replying, "This city... it feels off." 
Jessica smiled. "Exactly. The South family has a high income and supports the entire city. People born and raised here feel fortunate—they don't need to work too hard. Each month, a tailor visits their homes to make custom clothing for them. Food is rationed and distributed, ensuring everyone has more than enough. Schools are completely free, and so is healthcare. Even the homeless can receive enough food and clothing to survive, and anyone who's sick gets the best medical treatment available. Life here is high quality." 
Keira glanced at the TV screen. Jessica wasn't wrong; everyone on the broadcast had smiles plastered across their faces. 
Jessica continued, "There's no conflict here. People don't worry about how much money they can make because their housing, food, and everything else are already the best money can buy." 
Jessica gestured vaguely around them. "The South family lives in mansions. Ordinary citizens live in luxury apartments. Even the homeless can line up for government aid to get housing." 
The more Keira listened, the more unsettled she felt. "If the city's policies are so great, why are there still homeless people?" 
Jessica froze. 
Keira stared at her. "If everyone's guaranteed a good life from birth, how can there be homeless people? And with a curfew at night, where do those homeless people even stay?" 
Jessica lowered her gaze. "I didn't expect you to stay this sharp after all these years. You're right—those 'homeless' people are... different. Most of them are migrants from other countries. For some reason, they've heard about the South family and are desperate to sneak in. That's why the city never runs out of new people." 
Keira's heart skipped a beat. 
Jessica's words implied something shocking. 
It was possible for outsiders to enter the city! But the exact method of entry... that was still a mystery. 
She looked directly at Jessica and, after a long pause, said, "There are a lot of people watching me, aren't there?" 
Jessica nodded. "Yes." 
"Fine. Then I'll stay inside for the next few days. No point in dragging you into trouble." 
With that, Keira headed upstairs. 
Jessica had given her a new perspective on escaping the South family. 
Could she use the guise of a "homeless migrant" to infiltrate the city? 
First, though, she needed to figure out where exactly the South family's city was located. 
Once in her room, Keira shut the door and pulled the curtains closed. She paced for a moment, then checked the room again. She'd already searched every corner yesterday and hadn't found any surveillance devices. 
To be sure, she double-checked everything. Still, there was no sign of cameras or bugs. 
She exhaled, finally relaxing, and turned her attention to the old radio on the shelf. 
She'd noticed earlier that all the signals here were internal. Some sort of jammer must have been in place, blocking any external transmissions and limiting access to local broadcasts. 
Keira had no electronics with her when she arrived, and they hadn't given her a phone. They probably assumed she had no one to contact anyway. 
Lewis's situation was a complete mystery to her. 
Just as she was thinking about him, there was a knock at the door. One of the kitchen staff called out, "Miss, your evening snack is ready. Would you like some?" 
Keira straightened her posture. "Come in." 
The maid entered with a tray and set it down on the table. She gestured to a pastry. "This one's especially good. You should give it a try." 
With that, the maid left the room. 
Keira frowned and looked at the pastry. When she broke it open, she found a small piece of paper hidden inside. 
It was a message from Lewis.
###Chapter 844
844  Chapter 843 
Keira glanced around cautiously and only opened the note after ensuring the curtains were still drawn. 
She was genuinely impressed. 
She had barely been here a day and still hadn't gotten the full picture, yet someone had already managed to bribe the staff and send her a message? 
Unfolding the note, she read the line written on it: "It's too risky to go out. Wait six days." 
The meaning was clear—curfews were strictly enforced here, and going out at night was dangerous. Keira's presence was far too sensitive, and there were likely eyes on her everywhere she went. God only knew how many people were stationed outside this little house she was staying in. 
If it were her calling the shots, with the South family's cutting-edge technology, she'd have drones and surveillance monitors everywhere. 
Keira squashed the temptation to sneak out that night. 
It was better to listen to Lewis's advice and proceed cautiously. 
With that thought, she lowered her gaze and glanced out the window again. 
The frustration was building. She knew deep down that Jodie South might not even be that far away, and she had waited so long to see her. Yet, she couldn't do anything except sit and wait. 
Lying on the bed, Keira stared at the ceiling. 
That night, she barely got any sleep. 
The gnawing feeling of being out of control kept her tossing and turning. 
What she'd initially thought was simply a family operation turned out to be far more complex. Despite having a population of only five million, this city was essentially functioning like a small country. 
The next morning, Keira was up early. 
Looking pale and drawn, she stepped outside her room and found Jessica sitting in her wheelchair, her expression unreadable as she stared at Keira's door. 
Jessica's face cooled the moment Keira appeared, and she turned her gaze toward the doorway with a mocking smirk. "You didn't sneak out last night?" 
Stretching lazily, Keira yawned. "I thought about it, but for your sake, I decided it wasn't worth the risk." 
Jessica's eyes darkened. 
Matthew, who had been standing nearby, approached them. "Good call. Sometimes patience pays off. Security's extremely tight. I've heard there are infrared scanners out there, so no matter how clever you think you are, you wouldn't have made it past the walls." 
Infrared? 
Keira blinked, surprised, and glanced at Jessica. 
By the original plan Jessica had given her, Keira should have snuck out under cover of darkness last night. 
But if there were infrared surveillance, there was no way she would have gotten away with it! 
Thank God she didn't leave! 
As this realization hit her, Keira turned back to Jessica. 
Why hadn't Jessica warned her about the infrared scanners? 
Before she could voice the question, the sound of someone knocking on the door interrupted her thoughts. 
The housekeeper opened the door, and a group of heavily armed men filed in. 
At the front was a tall, broad-shouldered man dressed in a uniform, his face partially obscured by a mask and cap. His sharp eyes swept across the room before finally landing on Keira. 
He spoke in a deep, commanding voice. "You stayed inside last night. Good job." 
Keira's heart skipped a beat, and she immediately looked at Jessica. 
Jessica's expression twisted into a smug sneer, her cold demeanor from the day before resurfacing. The brief harmony they had shared was long gone. 
"Not bad," Jessica said dryly. 
Keira's stomach sank. "You were testing me last night?" 
Jessica let out a humorless laugh. "What did you expect? We don't have much of a bond, do we? Did you really think I'd ruin myself for you? Keera, you're just as naive and soft as you were when you were a child." 
Keira's face hardened. 
Jessica smirked at her. "I will admit, though, I underestimated you. Twenty years out in the real world, and it seems you've grown a bit of a backbone. You're finally brave enough to fight for something. That's… progress, I suppose." 
Keira clenched her fists. "Why the test?" 
"Why? Every heir who comes back has to be tested. Didn't you know? If you had nothing to hide, you'd have stayed put, just like you did. But if you had tried to rescue Jodie South—well, that would've exposed you as not being Keera at all." 
Jessica's tone turned cutting. "Keera's selfish, timid, and cold. She'd never risk her neck for anyone else. If you'd stepped out of that door, it would've been proof you're not her—but rather her twin sister, Keira Olsen!" 
Keira froze, then turned toward the armed men who had entered. "Do they all know who I am?" 
Jessica chuckled. "Of course. These men are the elite guard of the current heir—they're the South family's strongest military force. They know everything. Do you really think Jodie and your sister escaped the South family's grasp all those years ago? No. It was just that the current leader chose to let it slide." 
Jessica's smile vanished, replaced with a chilling expression. "But the moment you got involved with them, you upset the balance. So, yes, your mother and sister's suffering? That's on you." 
Keira shot back, "No, their suffering is because of the South family's oppressive rules!" 
Jessica snorted. "Still as good at shifting blame as you were as a kid. Every time you screwed up, it was always someone else's fault." 
"Enough," the captain of the guard interjected, stepping forward. His calm but commanding tone silenced the room. "The leader knows you've uncovered the truth about your identity. To ease your doubts, we've brought Jodie South here to see you. You'll have your moment with her." 
Keira's breath caught in her throat. She turned toward the door in disbelief. 
Had she heard him correctly? 
She had already resigned herself to not seeing her mother anytime soon. She had made peace with it. 
But now, they were saying she could meet her? 
Trying to suppress her racing emotions, Keira's gaze fixed on the door. 
And then, she saw her. 
A figure stepped into view, one she would recognize anywhere. It was etched into her memory—the woman she had longed for since she was a child. 
Jodie South, standing tall and graceful despite the circumstances, exuded a quiet strength that seemed untouched by everything around her. 
Step by step, Jodie walked into Keira's line of sight.
###Chapter 845
845  Chapter 844 
Jodie wasn't bound with ropes, nor were there shackles on her feet. She walked in wearing her favorite dress, surrounded by armed guards, her head held high without a trace of panic. She looked less like someone taken hostage and more like someone being escorted to safety. 
She had always been this way—calm and composed, even if the world crumbled around her. 
Keira's gaze locked on her mother's face. 
Her face was clean and her hair impeccably styled. If it weren't for the paleness of her lips, she would look exactly as she had years ago in Oceanion, as if life had treated her well. 
But Keira, ever perceptive, caught the unsteadiness in her mother's otherwise graceful steps. Beneath the fa?ade of poise was exhaustion and frailty. 
Keira's mind flashed to the lashings her mother endured the night before. Jodie hadn't cried or screamed, yet those around her had howled and wept as if they were the ones suffering. 
Keira felt her eyes sting with tears. She blinked hard, refusing to let them fall. 
Jodie looked up and caught sight of Keira. A flicker of surprise crossed her face. "Keera?" 
Keira immediately understood—her mother was prompting her to play along. Keira gave a small, detached nod. 
Keera had never grown up with her mother, so their first meeting was meant to carry a sense of unfamiliarity. 
Jodie smiled gently. "I never thought our first real meeting as mother and daughter would be under such circumstances." 
Jessica scoffed. "First meeting? What first meeting? Don't pretend we don't know she was in Oceanion when we dragged you out of Crera." 
Jodie chuckled softly, the picture of calm. "That day was too chaotic. I only caught a brief glimpse of Keera, and we didn't have the chance to speak." 
As she finished, her eyes glistened faintly. She stepped forward, took Keira's hand, and said with a tinge of emotion, "Keera, you look just like your sister, Keira. The resemblance is uncanny. It's such a shame..." 
She dabbed at her eyes. 
Keira pulled her hand back instinctively. 
Her throat felt tight, but she forced herself to ask, "Have you been okay?" 
Jodie smiled faintly. "I'm fine." 
She sighed. "I used to think escaping the South family would bring me freedom, but life in Oceanion was just another cage. These years have taught me that. Staying with the South family is no worse than anywhere else…" 
She lowered her gaze. 
Jessica sneered. "Life was fine? Then why wouldn't you take the lovers they sent you? Still clinging to your so-called purity? For who, exactly?" 
Jodie turned to her, her demeanor still composed, her tone gentle yet sharp. "It's not about purity. I simply didn't want to be reduced to a tool for reproduction. Just like you don't. We're both failures in this system, so why mock me?" 
Jessica laughed coldly. "Failures? You had twenty-odd years of peace and comfort in Oceanion, hiding away. You think that makes us the same?" 
Jodie sighed. "Those years were stolen. And now you've stolen my daughter from me, too. What's the point of talking about fairness?" 
"Stolen? I think it's worth talking about." Jessica's words dripped with venom. "You lived under the same roof as Keira for twenty-two years and couldn't acknowledge her as your daughter. And as soon as your other daughter met you, she was dragged right back to the South family. Jodie South, how does that feel?" 
Her tone was deliberately cruel. 
Jodie's voice remained calm as she replied, "If I have to thank you for taking Keera, it's because it meant at least one of my daughters survived. Otherwise… she might've ended up like her sister, killed by Eagle." 
Eagle? The successor from Country M, codenamed Eagle? 
Keira's pupils contracted sharply. 
She immediately realized her mother was passing her a message. 
The killings in Oceanion hadn't been the work of the South family but of Eagle. 
It all made sense now. The South family, desperate for heirs, wouldn't have eliminated her and her sister. But the infighting among successors? That was another matter entirely. 
Eagle… 
Keira clenched her fists. That was a rival she could never afford to underestimate. 
Erin had told her before... 
There were supposedly nine successors left, but four had already joined her side, while three had pledged allegiance to Eagle. The power struggle had narrowed, leaving only her and Eagle locked in a battle to the death. 
It was her versus Eagle. No compromise. 
Keira took a deep breath, steadying herself. 
Jessica snorted. "Good. At least you're grateful. Splitting you and your daughter apart—I owe you nothing." 
Jodie shook her head with a faint smile. "I've never said you owed me anything. And thank you for raising Keera to adulthood." 
Keira looked at her mother, wanting to say more. 
Jessica interrupted with a sneer. "Enough already. You've seen her. What now? Gonna stick around for lunch?" 
Jodie's gaze lingered on Keira, filled with unspoken reluctance. 
Keira broke the silence. "I've reconnected with Dad. He's been looking for you all this time." 
Jodie smiled faintly. "Tell him to stop looking. I can't go back… Maybe it's better this way, never seeing each other again. Keera, take care of yourself. No matter what, winning or losing doesn't matter as much as staying alive." 
Keira nodded. 
Without hesitation, Jodie turned and walked away. 
Once she was gone, Keira headed upstairs to her room. 
She opened her palm, revealing a small slip of paper—a note her mother had slipped to her moments before.
###Chapter 846
846  Chapter 845 
Keira stared at the note in her hand, and the moment she saw the words, tears began streaming down her face. 
There were only a few words scrawled on the paper: Don't save me. Live a good life. 
But how could she not save her? 
She had to save Jodie. 
Keira clenched her fists tightly, her resolve hardening as she stared at the note for what felt like an eternity. In the end, she reluctantly tore it to pieces and flushed the scraps down the sink. 
There could be no evidence left behind. 
Afterward, she stayed obediently at home. 
But ever since Jessica's true colors were revealed, their relationship had hit rock bottom. 
Keira hadn't spoken a single word to her since. 
For days, she locked herself in her small room, spending her time listening to the radio. 
The South family only had a handful of radio channels, and Keira had even tried reaching out to satellite signals, but the house was equipped with a blocking device that kept all external signals out. 
Time flew by quickly. 
Five days passed in a blur. 
Finally, the day came when Keira was set to leave. She would be taken away the same way she came—drugged unconscious to ensure she couldn't trace the South family's location. 
This time, the South family didn't even bother with pretense. They brought the drug to her openly. 
Jessica herself handed it over. The liquid, tinted pink, carried a faint strawberry scent. Lowering her gaze, Jessica said softly, "I made it strawberry-flavored, just for you." 
Keira responded flatly, "Tastes change." 
Jessica set the drug on the table and looked at Keira. After a long silence, she finally spoke. "Do you hate me for helping them test you?" 
Keira didn't answer. 
Jessica pressed on. "I didn't have a choice. If I didn't help them, they were going to cut off Ryan's arm." 
At that, Keira glanced over at Ryan, sitting quietly at the far end of the room. 
Jessica had always said she felt no affection for Ryan, that she'd only kept him out of pity. But now, seeing her expression, Keira thought maybe there was something more. 
Keira shifted her gaze to Jake, sitting nearby. 
The man, in his forties, looked like a broken doll. Slouched on the couch, he sneered when he caught Keira looking. "What are you staring at? Right now, Ryan has a higher status in this family than I do!" 
Jessica frowned. 
Ryan mumbled nervously, "Jake, I'm not trying to compete with you or Jessica. I just... I just want a place to belong." 
Jake scoffed. "You're invading someone else's family, and you think you have the right to say that?" 
Ryan lowered his head. "Maybe I should just leave. They can send me somewhere else, so I don't cause problems for you and Jessica." 
Hearing this, Jessica's face hardened, and she snapped at Jake. "Enough! He's just a defenseless man. Do you have any idea what could happen to someone like him out there? He'd get eaten alive." 
Jake rolled his eyes in exasperation. 
Keira couldn't hold back a chuckle. 
Men or women, it seemed, were equally bad at spotting a manipulator. 
Suddenly, she understood those online jokes about love triangles. When two men—or women—are competing for your attention, it's impossible to just throw one away. You want to keep both, balancing them against each other... 
People called men fickle, but when women played the same game, they were no better. 
The South family was a matriarchal society, where women held all the power, and men depended on them to survive. 
In all the time Keira had been here, she hadn't even learned these two men's real names. Jessica always referred to them as Jake and Ryan, and Keira had simply followed suit. 
Lost in thought, Keira barely noticed Jessica's intense gaze. 
Jessica's expression was dark as she broke the silence. "I'll give you a chance." 
Keira blinked, caught off guard. "What kind of chance?" 
"A chance to ask me one question. I'll answer it truthfully." 
Keira hesitated, her jaw tightening as she studied Jessica. 
Jessica avoided her gaze. Keira asked, "Any question?" 
Jessica said, "Any question that I'm allowed to answer." 
Keira hesitated. 
Matthew, sitting nearby, whispered urgently, "Ask her about the South family prophecy." 
But Keira shook her head. Instead, she locked eyes with Jessica and asked, "What would make you happy?" 
Jessica froze, staring at her in disbelief. 
"What did you say?" 
Keira repeated, "I said, what would make you happy?" 
Jessica clenched her fists, her eyes turning red. 
After a long pause, she let out a small, bitter laugh. "You're such a fool. Such a ridiculous, stupid girl." 
Keira pressed on. "You can answer this, can't you?" 
Jessica turned her head away. "If you inherit the South family and set me free... I'd be the happiest person in the world." 
Keira nodded solemnly. "Alright. I'll try my best." 
With that, she picked up the glass of pink liquid. 
Just as she was about to drink, Jessica spoke again. "It's almost New Year. Happy New Year." 
Keira paused, smiled faintly, and nodded. "Happy New Year." 
With those words, she drank the liquid in one go. 
The strawberry flavor was sweet, almost pleasant. 
That was Keira's last thought before everything went black.
###Chapter 847
847  Chapter 846 
When Keira regained consciousness, she was already aboard the cruise ship. 
The moment she opened her eyes, she realized she was in her own cabin. The sound of the wind gusted outside. Jolting upright, her first instinct was to grab her phone. 
By all accounts, five days should have passed, and her phone ought to be out of battery. But when she powered it on, the display showed a battery level of 80%. 
This could only mean one thing—someone had brought her back to the ship yesterday and even charged her phone. 
No, wait... 
Keira stared at her phone. Her social media accounts, even her private feed, had posts indicating she was still on the cruise. 
There were even daily meal deliveries placed in her cabin. 
This meant someone had been impersonating her the moment she disappeared. 
The South family's meticulousness was truly unparalleled. Even in the middle of the ocean, they'd gone out of their way to make sure no one noticed her absence by finding someone to play her role. 
While she mulled over the situation, her phone buzzed with an incoming video call. 
In the middle of the ocean, regular signals were nonexistent; only satellite signals worked. Keira accepted the call, and Lewis Horton's face appeared on the screen. 
In just a week, Lewis seemed to have lost some weight. The instant he saw Keira, his tense expression softened with visible relief. 
"How have you been?" Keira asked. 
Lewis wasted no time responding. "Erin's guardian never returned to the South family with her, so I was able to pass myself off as her. But once at the South estate, I was confined to a villa. I've already sent you the layout. After observing the surroundings, I had a gut feeling that stepping outside would be a bad idea." 
Keira nodded. "Right. They've got infrared detectors everywhere. No matter how well we disguise ourselves, the moment we step out, we'd be caught." 
"That explains a lot," Lewis replied with a nod. 
"How have you been holding up this past week?" Keira pressed. 
"Not bad," he said. "Erin's parents are very kind to her. Their home is warm and welcoming. I've just been staying out of sight in her room." 
After exchanging updates, Keira asked, "About the South family—there's no shortage of well-paid staff there. How did you manage to get someone to pass me a note?" 
A faint smirk touched Lewis's lips. "Where there are people, there's always drama. Erin's mother has five husbands who constantly vie for influence, each backed by their own family. Her third husband—the least favored—helped me out. I promised him a night alone with Erin's mother in exchange for passing the message." 
Keira blinked, completely taken aback. "What…what kind of family dynamic is this?" 
She rubbed her temples, trying to make sense of it. "And he agreed so easily?" 
"Not quite," Lewis admitted. "Since marrying Erin's mother, he's never spent a single night alone with her. Erin is their only heir, so if he doesn't curry favor with her, what other choice does he have?" 
Keira was speechless. She almost wanted to roll her eyes. So, the reason she had such a hard time gathering intel in Jessica South's household boiled down to the fact that Jessica had too few men competing for her attention? 
As she mulled this over, Lewis cleared his throat. "Keira, once you meet other men...will you stop liking me?" 
Keira, in the middle of sipping water, choked and sprayed it everywhere. 
Was this still the same cold and aloof Lewis Horton she'd first met? 
She vividly remembered their first encounter—how arrogant he'd been! Back then, he hadn't even believed her when she told him they were married. 
Shooting him a glare, she said, "Cut it out and speak properly." 
Lewis let out a soft sigh. "I've just been feeling a bit insecure lately. In Erin's home, I noticed that even the slightest charm from a man could earn more attention from women. I never realized that kind of approach could be so effective." 
Keira arched a brow. "And what are you getting at?" 
Lewis coughed lightly, his handsome face showing a rare hint of embarrassment. "Well, I've been using my time wisely. I learned a thing or two about pleasing women from Erin's fathers." 
Keira gawked. "You…you learned what?" 
"You'll find out when I get back," he replied smoothly. 
Her cheeks grew warm as she stared at the screen, unsure whether he was joking or serious. 
Avoiding his gaze, she muttered, "Anyway, I've been killing time myself and…" 
"And learning how to handle men?" Lewis interrupted. 
Keira's jaw dropped. "Shut up!" 
"Alright, alright," he said, though his tone was tinged with mock hurt. 
For a moment, Keira wondered if she'd been too harsh. Peering at the screen, she admitted, "I did something dumb. I disassembled a radio and tried to build a displacement tracker to figure out where I was. But I didn't have a reference point, so all I got was a useless set of coordinates." 
Tracking coordinates without a baseline was like trying to map your position on a plane without knowing where zero was. 
Keira had hoped to pinpoint the South family's location to uncover their secrets. But alas, her efforts were in vain. 
To her surprise, Lewis chuckled. "What a coincidence. I made a similar attempt and ended up with useless data too. But if we combine our results…" 
Keira's eyes lit up. "We could triangulate the South family's location on Earth!" 
"Exactly," Lewis confirmed. 
"Brilliant! Send it over…actually, no. Our phones are probably being monitored. Let's wait until we're back home." 
Lewis smiled faintly. "Home?" 
The word slipped out before Keira realized it. She nodded. "Yeah. I think I'll be back in Clance in about a day. What about you?" 
"About the same. So…see you at home." 
"See you at home," she echoed.
###Chapter 848
848  Chapter 847 
Keira paced back and forth on the deck, the phone call still fresh in her mind. 
A sudden knock interrupted her thoughts. She opened the door to find Matthew standing there. 
"We've got a problem," Matthew said without preamble. "Someone's been impersonating us in the rooms, fooling everyone onboard. It's the last day, so we need to make an appearance and make sure it's obvious we've been here all along." 
Keira nodded immediately, changed into fresh clothes, and followed him out the door. 
The cruise ship was filled mostly with people from Crera, as it had departed from Clance. 
As they strolled, Matthew glanced at her. "Typically, we'd need to create a scene, something memorable. That way, people onboard will remember us and confirm we were here if anything comes up later." 
Keira caught on quickly. The goal was clear: leave behind a distinct impression so that staff or other passengers could vouch for their presence. 
After a brief moment of thought, she stepped into a luxury watch store. 
Inside, the sales assistant, who had been cheerfully helping another customer, cast a quick glance at them. Noticing their understated outfits, her smile faded. 
"Good afternoon," the assistant said, stepping forward to block their way. "May I ask what you're looking for? You'll need to wait your turn." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. She looked inside the store—it wasn't crowded, just two couples browsing. 
She knew luxury shops often enforced customer limits for exclusivity. But now, as the ship was on its return journey, most people had already done their shopping. This wasn't about policy; it was plain snobbery. 
Keira smiled faintly. Perfect. Nothing made you memorable like a little drama. 
Her expression turned cold. "Is this how you treat your customers? Where's your manager?" 
The assistant's polite smile turned stiff. "Our manager is here, but we follow proper protocol. Miss, what exactly are you looking for? Perhaps you'd like a glass of water while you wait? I wouldn't want you to disturb the other guests while they shop." 
Keira wasn't having it. "Disturb them? Let me ask you, what's your store's daily customer limit? Why are we being told to wait?" 
The assistant shrugged. "There's no set limit. It's based on our judgment. We're short-staffed today, so we can't handle too many customers at once." 
Keira glanced inside again, spotting seven or eight staff members idling in a corner. 
"Busy, are they?" Keira said dryly, her voice dripping with sarcasm. 
The assistant hesitated. "They're assisting online clients, Miss. But I'll handle you personally. What are you looking to purchase?" 
Keira smiled sweetly. "A handbag." 
The assistant's smile faltered. "We sell men's watches, Miss, not handbags." 
"Oh, you knew that? Then why ask me what I wanted? If I came to your store, isn't it obvious I'm here for a watch? Or do you simply not want to deal with customers?" Keira's sharp tone cut through the assistant's composure like a blade. 
The assistant opened her mouth but had no response. 
By now, the store manager had noticed the commotion and hurried over, glaring at the assistant before turning to Keira. "Apologies, Miss. How can I help you today?" 
Keira's smile didn't waver. "What's your most expensive watch?" 
The manager blinked and quickly scanned Keira's casual outfit. 
Keira had always dressed simply, even after becoming wealthy. Unlike Lewis, who had been born into money, she had grown up frugal and still liked her laid-back style. Today's outfit was a thrift-store find she'd bought online for a few bucks, and it looked far from luxurious. 
The manager hesitated but led them to a display case. "This is our flagship piece." 
Keira leaned forward and spotted the price tag: $488,000. 
She arched an eyebrow. For her, it wasn't even that pricey anymore. 
"Let me see it," she said. 
The manager's expression shifted. It was clear he didn't want to take it out. Customers who could afford such items typically didn't even need to ask. 
"I'm sorry, Miss," he began, forcing a smile. "Our flagship pieces aren't typically available for casual viewing." 
Before he could continue, Keira pulled a card from her pocket and placed it on the counter. "Do you recognize this?" 
The manager glanced at the card and froze. 
It was a global unlimited black card, one he'd only ever heard about.
###Chapter 849
849  Chapter 848 
Keira's announcement sent the store manager into a panic. He stared at her, completely dumbfounded. 
"I'll take the watch," Keira said calmly, her tone leaving no room for debate. "Charge it to my card." 
Her confident demeanor immediately drew the attention of everyone in the store. Eyes widened as the realization of who she was settled in. 
The manager snapped out of his daze and respectfully took her card. A quick glance at the staff was enough to set them in motion. The idle salespeople swarmed around her with wide smiles and eager voices. 
"Ma'am, you have such exquisite taste! This watch is the crown jewel of our collection!" 
"Yes, there are fewer than a hundred of these in the world. You're incredibly lucky to get your hands on one!" 
"You're absolutely stunning. What's your secret to looking so amazing?" 
When Keira didn't respond, one of the saleswomen shifted her focus to Matthew, the man standing beside her. She smiled knowingly. "Ma'am, is this watch for him? He must be your husband, right? He's so handsome!" 
Matthew adjusted his gold-rimmed glasses and opened his mouth to speak, but Keira beat him to it. "No, it's not for him." 
Her response left everyone in stunned silence. 
Turning to Matthew, she added with a faint smile, "We've spent the last seven days together on this ship. When I get home, I'll need to make up for it with the one waiting there. You don't mind, do you, Matthew?" 
Matthew froze. His eyes widened, his face a mix of disbelief and helplessness. The rest of the staff looked equally flabbergasted. 
Keira's smile didn't waver. 
Matthew let out an awkward cough and replied, "I don't mind." 
"Good." 
The manager soon returned with the packaged watch and her card. Keira accepted them and left without a second glance, her presence leaving the store buzzing. 
As soon as she was out of earshot, the gossip started. 
"She said they've been together for seven days? No wonder they're dressed so low-key." 
"The watch is for someone at home? This girl must be a trust fund baby. Look at her—so young, so beautiful. Definitely loaded." 
"Of course! Who else could afford to be so reckless?" 
"Man, I'm jealous." 
The manager sighed dramatically. "I'm jealous of the guy with her. Do you think someone like her would ever notice me?" 
The others fell silent, rolling their eyes. 
Keira didn't need to hear their words to know exactly what they were saying. 
Matthew frowned as they walked away. "Those people are unbelievable. They judged us based on what we wore and treated us like dirt. Then, as soon as they found out you have money, they couldn't kiss up fast enough. It's disgusting." 
Keira shrugged. "It's normal. You'll get used to it." 
Her thoughts drifted to her childhood. Isla used to drag her along on shopping trips, flaunting her wealth by buying luxury goods while Keira trailed behind like a personal assistant. When people asked, Isla would dismissively introduce her as "the maid's daughter." 
Isla had wanted to highlight the gap between them, but instead, it only deepened Keira's belief in equality. 
Lowering her gaze to the watch in her hand, Keira smiled faintly. She couldn't wait to see Lewis's reaction. He'd definitely be surprised. 
The cruise ship soon docked, and Keira disembarked, spotting the Horton family's car waiting for her. 
James was the one who'd come to pick her up. When she asked if anything had happened with the Olsens or the Hortons while she was gone, James scoffed. "What could possibly happen? Everything's fine. It's not like the families can't function without you. We all managed just fine before." 
Keira chuckled, admitting that he had a point. 
But before she could say more, Kate smacked James on the head. "Watch your mouth! Keira's not someone you can joke about. Sure, the Olsens and Hortons might survive without her, but the Freeman Sect? Not a chance!" 
The two of them were practically inseparable these days, their wedding just around the corner. 
James merely grinned at Kate's outburst, saying nothing more. 
The car pulled into the Horton estate's parking lot just as another car arrived. Keira's eyes lit up as she recognized Lewis's vehicle. She got out of the car, her pace quickening as he stepped out of his. 
She was just about to throw her arms around him when someone else grabbed her first. 
Erin, pale and visibly upset, clung to her like a lifeline. "Keira, you have to do something! This man has lost his mind. As soon as we got off the ship, he insisted on taking a helicopter straight home! It was so rushed—I got sick!" 
She barely finished before doubling over, gagging by the side of the car. 
Keira didn't even glance at Erin. Her attention was on Lewis. 
"I have a gift for you," she said. 
"I have a gift for you," he replied. 
They spoke in unison, their words overlapping.
###Chapter 850
850  Chapter 849 
After they finished speaking, Keira and Lewis exchanged a glance, then broke into laughter. 
Keira had never experienced a fiery, passionate love. Her relationship with Lewis had always been one of measured calm, even back in Oceanion, when they had nearly divorced. Both of them had approached their problems with careful consideration. 
But these seven days apart had been different. Especially during her time at the South family estate, where she was completely cut off—no phone, no computer—her longing for Lewis had suddenly become her only anchor. 
Keira smiled and took out the watch she had bought. 
Lewis blinked in surprise before pulling out a watch of his own. 
They had clearly shopped on separate cruise ships, yet somehow ended up at the same store, buying the same model—one for men and one for women. 
As Keira stared in shock at their perfectly matched choices, Erin's head popped into view. "Oh my God, are you two serious? This is straight-up couple goals! Don't tell me you planned this." 
Keira slid the watch onto Lewis's wrist, then looked over at Erin. "We didn't." 
Still chatting, the group began walking toward the rooms. 
Matthew had extended his hand, intending to say goodbye to Keira, but she didn't even notice. Left standing there, he sighed, shook his head in resignation, and walked away. 
His duty was simply to protect her. When Keira had no pressing needs, he would just be another doctor back at the hospital, saving lives and treating patients. 
Keira, of course, had seen Matthew leave. But she had no intention of sending him off. 
Matthew knew too much about the South family, yet he had never once warned her about anything while she was there. That alone was enough to make Keira wary of him. 
Once they entered the room, Erin wasted no time speaking up. "Keira, you didn't stir up any trouble at the South family estate, did you?" 
Without waiting for an answer, she continued, "Actually, you probably didn't. Otherwise, there's no way you'd be back in one piece. I was really worried you'd do something crazy, like barge in to save your mom. Good thing you kept your head cool." 
Before Keira could respond, Lewis suddenly spoke. "Can we have the room to ourselves for a bit?" 
Erin blinked. "Huh?" 
That's when she realized she'd followed the two of them straight into their bedroom. 
"Oh, come on," Erin grumbled, pouting. "What could you possibly need to talk about that you can't say in front of me?" 
Lewis's voice was calm, but firm. "We're going to discuss something… inappropriate for children." 
Erin immediately covered her eyes. "Ugh, you two! Have you no shame? Don't tell me you're about to jump each other after just seven days apart!" 
Lewis turned and gave her a frosty stare. 
Erin, who had feared nothing and no one before—except Keira—suddenly felt a pang of guilt under Lewis's steady gaze. She cleared her throat awkwardly. "Fine, fine, I'll leave. Enjoy your 'grown-up' talk." 
And with that, she exited the room. 
Lewis walked over and locked the door. 
Keira tilted her head at him. "What did you do to her? Erin actually listened to you for once." 
Lewis didn't answer right away. Instead, he wrapped an arm around her waist and guided her to the sofa. Before she could say another word, he leaned down and kissed her fiercely. 
The intensity of the kiss left Keira's mind spinning. She couldn't think of anything except responding to him. 
Two hours later, they lay together on the bed. 
Keira rested in Lewis's arms, her head against his chest, listening to the steady rhythm of his heartbeat. She smiled softly and asked, "What's gotten into you?" 
Lewis gazed down at her, his expression serious. "I feel like I'm in danger of losing you." 
During his time at the South estate, he'd seen firsthand how the South women lived. Each of them had a dozen or more male companions—men who could adapt to any situation, whether they needed to be charming, assertive, or playful. Every single one of them was unique. There were tough guys, soft boys, bad boys, rugged types… 
For the first time, Lewis felt truly threatened. 
If Keira ever returned to the South family, would she fall for someone else? 
He had even seen Erin's mother, who, despite having her first husband, couldn't bring herself to dismiss her other partners. The competition among her men was fierce. 
Lewis buried his face in Keira's hair and whispered, "Keira, you have to win." 
If she lost, she'd become nothing more than a tool for breeding, trapped in the same life as Erin's mother, surrounded by beautiful men and drowning in meaningless indulgence. 
Keira replied softly, "I will." 
They both raised their wrists, admiring the matching watches they wore. Then Keira sat up abruptly. "Alright, time to get to work." 
Lewis arched an eyebrow. "Weren't we just working? You want more?" 
Keira froze, incredulous. "Who taught you to crack dirty jokes like that?" 
She shoved him playfully. "I mean the coordinates. We need to figure out exactly where the South family estate is and come up with a plan to get there…" 
While Jessica South had said a lot of nonsense, the key detail about that vagrant had given Keira an idea. 
If she couldn't act openly as Keera, she'd have to find another way—by turning herself into a South family vagrant.
###Chapter 851
851  Chapter 850 
Lewis understood exactly what Keira was getting at, but the atmosphere just moments ago had been so intimate he couldn't resist teasing her a little. 
Getting up, he threw on a robe, grabbed a piece of paper and a pen, and jotted down the coordinates he'd calculated. Keira immediately took the paper and started working through the calculations herself. 
This was her strength, after all, and it didn't take long for her to pinpoint the South family's location. 
Once she had the coordinates, Keira quickly pulled up a satellite map to cross-check. But all she saw on the map was open ocean. 
That didn't make sense. 
"It must be the South family's signal jammer," she deduced aloud. "It blocks any external scans, which is why their island isn't showing up. But I'm sure it exists!" 
Keira had spent five days on that island, closely observing the sun each day. 
The sun couldn't lie. 
The air was fresh, unmistakably coastal. 
She was confident that the South family's landmass was on the surface and not some artificial submarine beneath a lake. 
Staring at the map, Keira circled the South family's location. "Right here," she declared. 
Lewis nodded. Spotting how lightly dressed she was, he opened his robe and pulled her into his arms. 
Keira leaned against him, still focused. "Getting there won't be easy. We'll need to set off from Country A…" 
Country A bordered the ocean, so it made the most sense. 
"You can't fly there," Lewis added. 
Planes in the sky would easily be detected by radar. 
Given how advanced the South family was—probably far beyond any nation in the world—Keira knew they couldn't underestimate any possibility. The South family's decision to scatter their heirs across the globe only underscored their strength. 
Keira nodded in agreement. "We'll need a boat to get us close, and from there, we'll have to switch to a smaller vessel to reach the shore. That way, we can pose as drifters." 
If they approached the South family's island on a flashy yacht, they'd never be allowed to set foot on land. Besides, it would draw far too much attention. Keira needed to stay under the radar, and a yacht would ruin her chances. 
Lewis nodded again. "The yacht isn't the problem. The bigger issue is how to make it convincing that we drifted there by accident. Even a small boat arriving out of nowhere would raise suspicions." 
Keira tapped her chin thoughtfully, then glanced at him. "What if we say we're a couple who eloped against our families' wishes, got tossed overboard, and ended up drifting to the South family's island on a piece of wood?" 
Lewis shook his head. "Too coincidental. They wouldn't buy it. We need something more believable." 
Keira frowned, clearly stumped. 
Seeing her frustration, Lewis chuckled. "You're not great at making things up. Let me handle this. When do you want to go?" 
She thought for a moment. "If we head back too soon after leaving, it'll look suspicious. I was thinking of waiting a couple of weeks, maybe a month. In the meantime, if I can track down that Eagle from Country M, that would be ideal." 
Lewis raised an eyebrow. "Should we head to Country M for a business trip? I've got some contacts there." 
Keira sat up, eyeing him suspiciously. "Why do you seem to have business everywhere? What exactly do you do?" 
"Bits of everything," Lewis replied casually. 
"Yeah, right. You mean billions of everything," she quipped. 
Lewis took her hand in his. "If you're curious, I can show you everything I own. It might not compare to the South family's empire, but it's enough to hold its own." 
Keira waved him off. "Not interested." 
Having grown up struggling financially, there had been a time when Keira craved money. But once she started making her own, it became just a number. She preferred focusing on what genuinely interested her, leaving the mundane management of her company to Samuel. 
Lewis sighed, clearly expecting her response. "I knew you wouldn't care. So don't worry about how we're getting to the South family. I'll take care of everything. I'll make sure we have new identities ready." 
Trusting him, Keira nodded. 
Just as they were about to continue the conversation, there was a knock at the door. 
Erin's voice called out from the other side. "Hey, are you two done? Can I come in?" 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a look, both utterly confused. 
Seriously? Wasn't barging into someone's room at a time like this a bit… rude? 
But Erin persisted from the hallway. "I've got something to tell you. It's important!"
###Chapter 852
852  Chapter 851 
Keira twitched her lips slightly, eventually standing up alongside Lewis. The two of them completely ignored the knocking at the door, each heading to the bathroom for a quick shower. Once they were dressed, Lewis finally opened the door. 
Erin was still persistently knocking. The moment the door swung open, she tried to push her way in. 
Keira grabbed her arm without hesitation. "We'll talk in your room." 
"What? Why my room?" Erin asked, though she let herself be dragged away. 
Keira stopped in front of Charles's room instead, opened the door, and stepped inside. 
The black-and-white-themed room was offset by a pink wardrobe and stuffed animals scattered here and there. Erin clutched a rabbit plushie as she sat down on the couch. Keira wasted no time getting to the point. "What is it you want to say?" 
Erin got straight to it. "My mom told me the South family's succession contest has to wrap up by March this year. Looks like the current successor's health is failing, and they're desperate to choose the next one. You've heard about this, right?" 
Keira froze. She hadn't heard a thing. 
Just as that thought crossed her mind, there was another knock at the door. Lewis went to open it, and Jenkins stepped inside without so much as a hello. 
Jenkins had just returned to the South family, traveling back from Country A. After taking a few days to settle in, she'd finally come to Clance. 
As soon as the door opened, she burst out, "Did you hear? My mom says the succession contest has to be finalized by March!" 
Keira frowned. 
Jessica hadn't said anything to her. But if Erin and Jenkins's mothers both had this information, how could Jessica not know? 
Keira's frown deepened. 
If Jessica deliberately kept this from her, did it mean she didn't trust her? Or did she simply not care about her daughter? 
But if Jessica didn't know either, that would imply… even among the defeated successors, there was a hierarchy of influence. 
Keira tightened her jaw, a realization dawning on her. She turned to Jenkins. "I heard from Lewis that Erin's mom has over a dozen boyfriends. What about your mom?" 
Jenkins coughed awkwardly. "Eighteen." 
Keira stared at her, speechless. 
Could it be that these families sent men to these women as a form of investment? Betting on their future influence in the family? 
After all, last time, Lewis had received information through one of his family's networks… 
So for the South family's failed successors, marrying multiple men might be a strategy to consolidate power, while also building alliances for their daughters. 
Jessica's refusal to take any boyfriends meant she held little sway in the South family. And worse, it left Keira without a strong foundation to rely on. 
The more Keira thought about it, the clearer it became. She looked back at Erin and Jenkins. "And then?" 
Erin continued, "This time, nine of the successors have returned to Clance. That includes the one from Country M, the so-called Eagle. It's clear she's ready to challenge us!" 
Jenkins rested her chin on her hand. "The question is, how is she planning to do it?" 
Keira frowned, an unsettling sense of urgency creeping over her. 
Until now, the succession contest had seemed like a distant problem. But suddenly, it felt like everything was speeding up. It was even possible that the Eagle from Country M would come to Crera herself. 
Who exactly was this Eagle? 
As Keira mulled it over, Erin spoke up again. "The Eagle's the type to strike first. She'll definitely come to Crera. Let's set a trap here and take her down!" 
But Keira shook her head. "I don't think she'll come." 
"Why not?" 
"Because eagles fly high. She won't put herself in danger. I think she'll send her people first to test the waters." 
Jenkins tilted her head thoughtfully. "Her people… that would be Cobra, Cockroach, and Pig, right? Those names are ridiculous. Who do you think they are?" 
Keira's voice was steady. "I think they're already among us."
###Chapter 853
853  Chapter 852 
The group immediately turned to Keira, asking, "Why do you think that?" 
Keira lowered her gaze and replied slowly, "It's just a gut feeling. I don't know how to explain it." 
Her instincts were almost always spot-on. 
Jenkins spoke up nervously, "I trust your intuition, but where do you think they might be hiding?" 
Keira rubbed her chin and shook her head. 
They had compiled a list of people with "South" in their names before, and there were a lot. It seemed they'd have to go through the names again. 
The word "South" appeared to be more than just a coincidence. It was as if it held some deep belief or obsession for them, something they wouldn't give up no matter where they were or what they were doing. 
Suddenly, Keira looked up at Erin and Jenkins. Rubbing her chin again, she said directly, "If I were Eagle, and they only contacted four people on their side, but we have five here, the first thing I'd do is split us up." 
Jenkins immediately caught on. "You're saying she might try to sow discord between us?" 
Keira nodded. "Exactly. Things are a bit tricky right now. Because I've been exposed, there's a chance all of your identities have been compromised as well." 
Among those close to Keira, several had "South" in their names—besides Jodie South, there were Erin South Martin, South Jenkins, and even Sean South Church. Chances were, they'd all been exposed. 
Jenkins' eyes lit up. "So what you're saying is, if they're planning to mess with us, they'll come looking for us. We just need to sit back and see who shows up, right?" 
Erin tilted her head. "And do nothing but wait?" 
Keira shrugged. "Maybe we could take the initiative instead." 
Erin's eyes sparkled instantly. "Now we're talking! What's the plan? Go in guns blazing? Or take out everyone with 'South' in their names?" 
Keira froze. "… Are you actually Fox?" 
She was genuinely doubtful. 
Erin laughed. "Hey, ever since I started hanging out with you, I've been relying on you to do all the thinking. Back in the day, when I was on my own, I was sharp as hell." 
Jenkins rolled his eyes, unable to hide his disdain for Erin's shamelessness. 
Keira gave Erin a once-over before turning back to Jenkins. 
"So, you're suggesting we stage a fight?" Jenkins asked. 
Keira nodded. "Exactly. Erin is technically the leader among us. If she and I had a falling-out, don't you think Eagle would try to approach me?" 
Jenkins' eyes gleamed with excitement. "I like this plan. If I were Eagle, I'd definitely try to win you over. Crera's economy is thriving right now, and your connections to the Olsen family, Horton family, and other major families make you an asset nobody would want to pass up." 
Erin, pretending to be disappointed, sighed dramatically. "Too bad I'm the leader. If I were the one going undercover, I'd crush it." 
At that, both Jenkins and Keira rolled their eyes in unison. 
"What's with those looks?" Erin demanded. "I'm serious! Back when I was in the South family, none of you suspected me, did you?" 
Keira sighed. "That's because you weren't really acting. You were just being yourself." 
"Not true!" Erin pouted. "I'm actually very cunning and devious. I've just been pretending to be simple and innocent around you guys. Don't be fooled by my act!" 
"Oh, sure," Keira said flatly before turning to Jenkins. "In the meantime, we'll need your help. Since Erin's the leader, it wouldn't make sense for all of us to turn on her. You'll need to keep pretending to follow her lead." 
Jenkins frowned, shooting Erin a disdainful glance. "I don't think I can fake that. Me? Following her?" 
"Hey! Watch it!" Erin snapped before turning to Keira. "Just you wait. When we fight, it's going to be so dramatic the whole world will hear about it. I'll make sure everyone sees just how capable I am!" 
With that, Erin stormed off in a huff. 
Jenkins turned to Keira. "So, how do you think she's going to 'fight' you?" 
Keira smiled faintly. "That's not what I'm worried about. What I really want to know is—when the dust settles, who's going to come looking for me?" 
Jenkins blinked. "You think it'll be someone we know?"
Keira lowered her gaze. "We'll find out when they show up."
###Chapter 854
854  Chapter 853 
Keira never thought the reason Erin blew up at her would be so ridiculous. 
The next morning, as soon as Keira got out of bed, Erin stormed into the room, face flushed with anger, and demanded, "Tell me, who's your real BFF?" 
Keira blinked. "What?" 
For a second, she had no idea what Erin was talking about. 
"My real BFF? What even is that supposed to mean?" 
Jenkins, who was sitting nearby, helpfully chimed in, "Bestie for life." 
Keira was even more confused. "What?" 
Before she could process this absurdity, Erin scoffed, crossing her arms. "It's Mary, isn't it? Keera, how could you do this to me? All these years, I thought I was your ultimate bestie! We were supposed to be inseparable!" 
Keira twitched her lips. "And?" 
"And you're a player! A two-faced traitor! You've got Mary, and then there's Rebecca! Yesterday, when both Mary and I reached for a piece of watermelon, you handed it to Mary! What kind of betrayal is that?" 
Erin's voice shook with righteous indignation. 
Keira rubbed her temples. "Mary's pregnant, Erin. She couldn't exactly grab it herself. Besides, the plate was right in front of you! You could've picked up your own piece, while Mary was sitting behind me. Am I supposed to ignore her?" 
"You should've handed it to me!" Erin snapped, refusing to back down. "Don't try to make excuses! I see how it is. I'm not important to you anymore. If you're so close to her, then why don't you just run off with her? Why even bother with me?!" 
She flung her hands in the air dramatically, her voice echoing through the house. Upstairs, James craned his neck over the banister, clearly enjoying the chaos. 
Keira pressed her fingers to her forehead. "Are you serious right now? You're acting like a child." 
"A child?!" Erin gasped, her eyes wide and already misty. "You never said that when we used to play house together! But now that you've got Mary, suddenly I'm just immature to you, huh?" 
Keira tried to reason, "That's not what I mean. I'm saying your reason for being mad is childish." 
Erin's eyes reddened further, and she looked deeply wounded. "Wow. Wow! Not only do you not apologize, but now you're insulting me? I've had enough of you, Keera! Jenkins, pack my stuff! I'm leaving!" 
With that declaration, Erin stomped upstairs. Minutes later, she came back down, dragging a suitcase behind her and stormed out without looking back. 
Keira sat down on the couch, utterly speechless. Erin's dramatics were so over the top that it didn't even feel like a real fight. 
Just as she was trying to gather her thoughts, Mary walked into the room and sat beside her. "I heard Erin had a meltdown. You should go after her." 
Keira sighed, rubbing her temples again. "Don't you think she's being ridiculous?" 
Mary looked concerned, leaning closer. "Keera, she's not mad about the watermelon. She's mad because she wants to know where she stands with you. She just needs you to show her that she matters. And instead of reassuring her, you're brushing her off. No wonder she's upset." 
Keira blinked. "Wait, you're taking her side?" 
Mary nodded firmly. "If you don't make an effort to patch things up, you might lose her as a friend. You really should go after her." 
Still unconvinced, Keira asked, "It's that serious?" 
Before Mary could respond, Kate burst through the door. "Senior Sister! I can't believe you said those things to Erin! That was so harsh! She's never going to forgive you now!" 
Keira was completely lost. "What?" 
Then, as if things couldn't get weirder, her phone buzzed. It was Rebecca calling. "Keira, I know Erin's upset, but you two are supposed to be BFFs for life. You promised her! How could you betray her like this? If I were her, I'd be livid!" 
Keira stared at the ceiling, feeling like the entire world had gone mad. 
Friendships couldn't possibly be this complicated, could they? 
Just as she was deep in thought, Lewis sat down beside her, looking amused. "You know, friendships between women are kind of like relationships. If I got too close to another woman, wouldn't you get jealous?" 
Keira frowned. "Why would I? Unless you had feelings for her, you're just friends or coworkers. It's not a big deal." 
Lewis studied her for a moment before saying, "Keira, I just realized something about you." 
"What?" 
"You've got commitment issues." 
Keira was dumbfounded.
###Chapter 855
855  Chapter 854 
Keira didn't understand what everyone was thinking, but apparently, the situation had already escalated. 
The next thing she knew, her phone was ringing nonstop—call after call, all urging her to apologize. 
Keira was baffled. Apologize for what exactly? 
It wasn't like she and Erin weren't just acting. But even if it wasn't an act and something had actually happened, would she really need to apologize? 
By dinnertime, the entire table was awkwardly quiet, with everyone sneaking glances at her. 
Even Uncle Olsen eventually spoke up. "Keira, you should apologize to Miss Martin. It's the right thing to do." 
Keira was perplexed. 
She gave him a long, silent look, then sighed and lowered her head. 
Charles, sitting nearby, looked even more uneasy. "Keira, did you really fall out with her? She even blocked me today!" 
Keira marveled at how committed Erin was to this act. She'd even managed to drag Charles into it. 
Keira cleared her throat. "Don't worry about it. I'm just… exhausted." 
Her words brought the entire room to a standstill. No one dared say another word. 
Charles looked as if he was about to cry. "If you two really fall out, what about me? She already told me she wants to break up with me! Are you seriously okay with that?" 
Keira massaged her temples, exasperated. "Fine. I'll go apologize. Happy?" 
Grabbing her keys, she drove straight to the Martin family home. 
With Erin's grandfather and brother both out of town, Erin was the only one left in the Clance residence. 
Erin opened the door with a smug look. "What? You finally realized you were wrong?" 
"Yes, yes. It's my fault. Happy now?" Keira said, clearly worn out. 
Erin's expression changed in an instant. "What do you mean 'it's my fault'? Either you're wrong, or you're not! Don't just say it like that!" 
Keira stared at her, dumbfounded. Erin's temper tantrum was so convincing she couldn't tell if this was still part of the plan. "Fine. I'm sorry, okay? Can we just drop this now? Honestly, this whole thing feels ridiculous." 
That only seemed to pour gasoline on the fire. 
Erin's eyes widened, her voice trembling as tears welled up. "Ridiculous? You think I'm ridiculous? Where was this energy when we were kids? Huh?!" 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
"I didn't mean it like that," she said, trying to keep her cool. "But if that's how you want to take it, I can't stop you." 
"Aaaargh!" 
Erin was practically hopping mad. "Keera Olsen, do you even hear yourself right now? You sound like a walking list of top-ten worst things to say in an argument! Are you trying to piss me off?" 
Keira blinked at her in confusion. "What? I'm just saying you're being unreasonable. Look, can't we just move past this?" 
Erin glared at her, furious. "Move past this? Keera, I'm telling you right now—we're done! Don't you dare come looking for me again!" 
And with that, Erin slammed the door shut. 
Keira stood there, stunned. 
Wasn't this… just a little too dramatic? 
Who would even believe they'd fallen out over something this trivial? 
Rubbing her temples, she took out her phone and called Erin. The call wouldn't go through. She'd been blocked. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
This was supposed to be an act… right? 
Why would Erin block her? 
She sent Erin a message on social media instead: Stop messing around. No one's going to believe we'd fall out over something this small. 
Erin replied instantly: Small?! Are you kidding me?! I'm seriously mad this time! 
Keira stared at the screen, more confused than ever. 
She hesitated, then sent a simple question mark. 
The response she got was a notification: You've been blocked. 
What the hell? 
Her jaw clenched. She was just about to knock on the door again when it swung open. Erin stormed out, climbed into a waiting car, and completely ignored her. 
Keira called out, "Where are you going?" 
The driver answered instead. "Miss Martin said she's leaving Clance for now. Heading back home." 
Without waiting for a response, the car pulled away. 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She still couldn't figure out whether they'd really fallen out or not. 
And why did it feel like Erin wasn't acting at all? Was she actually upset? 
As she stood there, lost in thought, her phone suddenly rang. 
The number was unfamiliar. 
Frowning, she hesitated before answering. 
A robotic voice spoke on the other end: "Rabbit, I heard you and Fox had a fight?" 
Keira was surprised. 
She lowered her voice. "It's nothing. Just a minor disagreement." 
"Heh. Fox is being dramatic as usual. Rabbit, why not join us instead? We're all good sisters here—no drama like that." 
Keira blinked, more confused than ever. "Sorry, but I'm not interested. Erin and I didn't really fight." 
The voice chuckled. "Sure doesn't look that way from here. If I were Fox, I'd be furious. No way she's not mad at you." 
Keira hung up, her head spinning. 
Erin's scheme… had it actually worked?
###Chapter 856
856  Chapter 855 
Keira remained silent. "Who are you?" 
The other end of the line immediately responded, "I'm Pig, sent by Eagle to recruit you. Consider joining us! We have better resources than Fox. If you follow Eagle, you'll be sure to succeed in the end!" 
Keira scoffed. "Why should I trust you?" 
"Eagle knows what you want. Isn't it freedom for your mother? She can make that happen. Fox's too emotional, but Eagle, she's the real leader. Think about it." 
Keira pressed her lips together. "I'll think about it." 
The call was abruptly ended. Keira glanced at the phone—it had lasted 29 seconds, just enough to track the caller's location, showing they were careful and didn't fully trust her. 
She couldn't just agree to Pig after having fallen out with Erin. That would seem too fake. 
This situation needed more time to develop. 
With a sigh, Keira turned and headed back to the Horton residence. 
As soon as she stepped inside, Lewis approached. "So, how did it go?" 
Keira sighed again. "She left. Looks like she really is angry—she blocked me on Whatsapp." 
It was all part of their act, so blocking her wasn't necessary. 
Lewis cleared his throat. "So, are you going to chase after her and apologize?" 
"Should I?" Keira shrugged, confused about what to do after an argument with a best friend. 
Lewis gently took hold of her arm. "No need to chase her. Just wait here. If anyone asks, just tell them what you really feel." 
Keira blinked. "What?" 
She felt like she was coming across as a bit heartless. 
Together, they walked into the Horton house. 
Inside, Sean, looking thin and gaunt, was already sitting on the couch. As soon as they entered, he stood up. "Is there food tonight?" 
His lackey immediately chimed in, "My lord hasn't eaten for ten days! Miss Olsen, please save him!" 
Keira fought the urge to roll her eyes. 
This picky eater had been gone for ten days, and now he claimed to be starving. All the weight he'd gained before had vanished in that time. 
Keira walked into the kitchen. "Alright, I'll make you some pasta." 
Sean nodded, sitting back down on the couch, his stunning face set in a deep, thoughtful expression. 
Lewis, observing, spoke up. "Keera and Erin had a falling out. Why don't you just go with Erin?" 
Sean scoffed. "What? Do I have to choose sides just because they're splitting? If I must choose, I'm with Miss Olsen. Without her, I'd starve! She's the one who keeps me alive." 
Lewis was speechless. 
Sean coolly looked at him. "I know you want me to leave, think I'm annoying. But I'm sticking with her for life. After all, she's my lifeline! If anything happens to her, I'll be dead in three months from hunger." 
When Keira first came to Clance, Sean had nearly starved to death, his condition deteriorating for weeks. Only after meeting her did he start recovering. 
Keira frowned as she overheard the conversation from the kitchen. 
She was about to leave for the South family soon. If she left Sean behind in Clance, would he starve to death? 
That thought made her feel oddly silly, almost like a mother worried about her child. 
Shaking her head, she finished making the pasta and even fried some bacon for him. 
She was about to leave for a while—might as well fatten him up in the meantime. At least, if she left, he'd last longer. 
When the food was brought to the table, Keira looked at Sean with a tenderness she hadn't expected to feel. 
Sean shot her a look, his lips twitching. "Are you trying to make me feel guilty?" 
The next week was quiet. 
Erin hadn't returned, and Keira hadn't gone looking for her. If anyone asked, Keira just said, "I didn't do anything wrong. Why should I apologize? I already did, and she's ignoring me. What more can I do?" 
Even Sean started to think she was being a bit heartless. 
For the past week, Keira and Lewis had shown mercy, letting Sean stay at the Horton house and freeload off their food. Charles also came by daily, pleading with Keira to reconcile with his girlfriend. 
The problem was, his girlfriend had blocked him too... 
But judging by the way they acted, it looked like there was no chance they'd reconnect. Charles left, feeling down, as though his relationship with Erin was beyond saving. 
Keira saw his defeated expression and almost told him the truth. 
A week later, Keira received another call. "Rabbit, have you decided yet whether you'll join us?" 
Keira lowered her gaze. "Join you? What kind of sincerity are you offering?" 
Pig's voice was slow and smooth. "Our sincerity is great, so much so... I came personally to visit you. How about it?" 
Keira's pupils shrank. "Where are you?" 
"Outside your door."
###Chapter 857
857  Chapter 856 
Keira immediately clenched her fists, filled with a sense of danger. 
She looked at Lewis, who nodded at her, signaling that the house was safe. 
Keira thought about how she was currently at the Horton family's place. Thank goodness she wasn't at the Olsen family's house—if she were, with Mary pregnant and Amy around, her family would be in serious danger. 
She stood up and walked toward the door, step by step, with Lewis following closely behind. 
Soon, they reached the door. As they opened it, they saw a woman they didn't recognize standing outside. 
The woman was slightly plump, but beautiful, and had no resemblance to a pig at all. 
The woman, holding a phone, smiled at Keira and then hung up. She stepped forward immediately and shook Keira's hand. "Hi, hi, it's so good to finally meet you!" 
Keira was speechless. 
She felt as though she was meeting someone for a secret exchange of code words. 
She looked the woman up and down, confirming she had never met her before, and asked, "You came to see me in person?" 
"Of course! To show you our sincerity!" The woman casually walked into the Horton house. "I've heard of you for a while, and I've always wanted to be friends, but we're in different camps. You've long been part of Fox's team, and you've stayed low-key all this time, so Eagle never considered recruiting you. But now, things are different. You've risen to fame, and you're an important figure. She sent me to bring you on board." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Oh, and then?" 
"That's it," Pig stretched lazily. "Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm from Country Z, doing business there. I'm getting by, but you know, with this pig brain of mine, I can't do too much. It's all about finding the right people. Eagle's got strategy, and if you join us, you'll be our number five!" 
Keira paused. "Number five?" 
"Yep. Eagle's number one, of course! Cobra's number two, Cockroach is three, I'm number four, and you'll be number five since you just joined!" 
By now, they were inside the house. Pig casually glanced around before sitting on the sofa. "Do you have any water? I'm dying of thirst!" 
Keira waved, and a servant came over with water. 
As the servant left, the woman took a sip, then said, "Well, if you're capable, you could take number four and I'll be number five. Just feed me well, and even if you plan to fatten me up and slaughter me, I'm fine with that!" 
Keira was at a loss for words. 
She couldn't help but be curious. "So, you just showed up like this? Aren't you worried I might lock you up? What if this is all a trap with Erin and me playing a part? If I lock you up, Eagle loses a big assistant!" 
Pig stared at her, surprised. "Do I still have that much value?" 
Keira was taken aback. 
Pig shrugged. "Oh, you might not understand us. I'm lazy and don't think much, so all the business in Country Z is handled by Eagle. I'm basically a pig—if I'm gone, it won't hurt Eagle's power because all the business power is in her hands! I'm just a good luck charm." 
Keira was speechless. 
Pig continued, "Don't look at me like that. My IQ's only 80, and I can't understand normal people's brains, so just tell me straight—are you in or not?" 
Keira shook her head in disbelief. "What kind of weirdos are the South family?" 
As she was thinking this, Pig suddenly spilled the beans about her family: "My mom and dad are cousins, so that's why my IQ's a little off. But the South family's heirs are hard to come by, and there are only nine of us left. They can't do anything about it, so I'm just going along with Eagle. Fox is a bit clever, but not too much. Otherwise, she wouldn't have only recruited you and Vera. Anyway, Eagle's the real deal. You should join us!" 
Keira exhaled. "Fine, I'm in." 
Pig's eyes lit up. "Great! I'll add you to our little group. You have Whatsapp, right?" 
Keira froze. "Uh, yeah, I do." 
Wait—don't they use Whatsapp too? 
She was still processing when she received Pig's friend request. After accepting it, the woman immediately added her to the group. 
There were four people in the group. The group leader was Eagle, and the others had codenames. 
As soon as Keira entered, Cockroach sent a message: "Wait, did you close the deal that fast? Pig, can we trust her?" 
Pig replied: "If you didn't trust me, why'd you send me to recruit her? If it blows up, it blows up!" 
Cockroach: "Huh?" 
Cockroach: "Didn't we say you were supposed to test her first before adding her?"
###Chapter 858
858  Chapter 857 
Pig: "I tested her." 
Cockroach: "How did you test her?" 
Pig: "I asked her if she had fallen out with them, if she wanted to join us. She said yes." 
Cockroach: "?" 
Cockroach: "Are you out of your mind? Just because she said something, you believe it? You didn't even check if it's true?" 
Pig: "I already told you, you guys don't trust her, so I tested her for you. If you trust her, then there's no need for testing. Anyway, I've already brought her in. If you're not happy with her, just kick her out!" 
Keira looked up at her. "Isn't it a little inappropriate to chat like this in front of me?" 
Pig tilted her head and looked at her. "What's wrong with it? I'm just speaking the truth!" 
Keira went back to looking at her phone. "Where's Cockroach?" 
"In Country B," Pig replied without hesitation. 
Keira raised an eyebrow. 
Wait, is she really this clueless? She just says whatever comes to her mind? 
Keira looked at her. "Have you met her?" 
"Of course! I've met her! I visit her all the time. I travel everywhere! Anyway, my company is managed by Eagle!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
At this point, Keira wasn't sure how to respond. She almost felt a little guilty for deceiving such a pure-hearted person. 
Keira looked at her. "Then, can you take me to meet Eagle?" 
Pig quickly responded, "Sure, but you'll have to go through the group's test first!" 
Keira paused. "A test?" 
"Yep, we're all about strength. We only bow to the strong. If you can get the group's approval, you can join us!" Pig said casually. 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "What kind of test did you go through?" 
"Uh..." Pig scratched her head, looking a little embarrassed. "I'm really good at cooking." 
Keira was perplexed. 
Pig continued. "I make really great food! I conquered them all with my cooking skills, so they all call me the fourth in command! I'm really good at it." 
"…" 
Wasn't it just because there were only four of them? She couldn't be ranked any lower! 
Suddenly, Pig looked at Keira. "It's time for lunch now. Let me show you my skills. I'll make you see just how great my cooking is. Even if I don't care about being the fourth, if you're better than me, I'll let you have my spot." 
After finishing her sentence, Pig confidently walked straight into the kitchen. 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She glanced at Lewis, and they both walked into the kitchen. They found Pig busy cooking, and half an hour later, she came out with three dishes and a soup. "Try it, my cooking is amazing, worthy of a national banquet!" 
Keira and Lewis sat down, and Pig eagerly handed them each a spoon. "Go ahead, try it." 
Her eyes sparkled with expectation. "I'm a national cooking champion!" 
Keira didn't know what to say. 
She and Lewis took a bite. 
"How is it?" Pig asked eagerly. 
Keira frowned and slowly said, "It's okay." 
"Heh, I knew it! You guys are the rich and powerful types, even when you eat something really good, you only say it's 'okay'! You don't have to pretend in front of me, they always rush to eat the food I make. You guys don't need to be so modest." 
Pig said confidently. 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a look. 
Honestly, Pig's cooking wasn't bad, but since they had Sean at home who had a picky appetite, Keira had been cooking every day. 
So, their taste buds were already spoiled. 
The food was just… okay. 
Keira and Lewis took a few more bites before putting their forks down. 
Pig, still confident, said, "Oh, you're too shy to eat, huh? Fine, when I leave, you two can fight over it. Anyway, Rabbit, tell me, what are you good at?" 
Keira was slightly stunned, then leaned her chin on her hand and looked at Lewis. "What am I good at?" 
Pig said, "I won't pick on you about cooking, I know that's the least useful thing. As long as you're good at something else and beat me at it, you'll be the fourth in command. I'll be the fifth!" 
Keira fell silent. 
She was good at a little bit of programming, a little bit of cooking, a little bit of research projects, and a little bit of martial arts… 
Pig smiled. "Come on, what are you good at? How are you going to beat me?" 
Keira stood up without hesitation. "How about I cook something for you?" 
Pig blinked. "Huh? You don't have to do this, just show you're good at something else and you'll be the fourth. You don't need to compare with me in cooking…" 
Keira rolled up her sleeves. "It's fine, I've been meaning to cook anyway. We have people coming over later." 
Pig immediately followed her. "No, you really don't have to do this…"
###Chapter 859
859  Chapter 858 
Two hours later. 
Pig stared at the table of mouthwatering dishes, swallowing hard. She glanced at Sean, who barely touched his own food yet kept stealing glances at Keira's plate like it was the only thing worth noticing. 
Pig sighed dramatically, throwing her hands up. "I admit defeat! From now on, you're officially number four in the group!" 
Before anyone could react, Pig whipped out her phone and sent a message to their group chat: "Rabbit's cooking is better than mine. I lost. I'm now number five." 
The group immediately erupted. 
Cockroach: "Wait, what? You just gave her number four like that? Don't you think that's too quick?" 
Pig: "She beat me at my specialty. What else is there to say?" 
After sending a voice note to clarify, Pig turned to Keira. "Hey, you wanna climb up the rankings?" 
Keira blinked. "What?" 
Pig leaned closer. "You know Cockroach, right? She's number three. Want to challenge her?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Challenge her how?" 
Pig didn't hesitate. She typed into the group: "Cockroach, Rabbit wants to challenge you." 
Cockroach: "Challenge me? At what?" 
Pig turned to Keira, grinning. "What's it gonna be? What do you want to compete in?" 
Keira shrugged casually. "Anything's fine." 
Pig's eyes lit up. "Can you code?" 
Keira: "A little." 
"Fight? Like boxing or martial arts?" 
Keira: "I know a bit." 
"Medical skills? Poison-making?" 
Keira: "Somewhat." 
"Music?" 
Keira: "A little bit of that too." 
Pig clapped her hands together. "Alright, then martial arts it is! Cockroach's fighting skills are insane." 
And just like that, Pig sent another message: "Rabbit wants to spar with you!" 
Keira: "...Excuse me?" 
Cockroach responded with a laughing emoji: "Spar with me? Does she even know who I am?" 
Pig turned to Keira, as though just remembering. "Oh, right! You probably don't know—Cockroach is a protégé of the world boxing champion. She's incredible, and honestly, you don't stand a chance. Plus, you'd have to go to her place if you really want to challenge her…" 
Keira froze for a moment, her expression unreadable. "Who did you say her mentor was?" 
Pig tilted her head. "The world champion, why?" 
Keira's tone was calm. "Isn't that the same person who came to Crera to challenge Freeman Sect's Senior Sister and got knocked out by her?" 
Pig's eyes widened. "Wait… how do you know that? Oh! Cockroach did mention that! She said this Senior Sister is her idol—completely wiped the floor with her mentor. Hey, do you know who this Senior Sister is?" 
Keira's lips twitched. "...It's me." 
Pig froze. Then, her head whipped around to Lewis, as though for confirmation. 
Lewis, entirely unfazed, said, "She's telling the truth." 
Pig's jaw dropped. She fumbled with her phone before frantically typing in the group chat: "Cockroach, Rabbit is the Senior Sister!" 
Cockroach: "What Senior Sister?" 
Pig: "The Freeman Sect's Senior Sister!" 
Cockroach: "Are you kidding me? Is this confirmed?" 
Keira sighed, pulled out her Special Division ID card, and snapped a photo. She sent it to the group. 
The chat went silent for two whole minutes. 
Then Cockroach finally replied: "Hello, Three. I'm number four now." 
Keira stared at the message, speechless. 
Pig grinned. "Wow, you're amazing! You climbed the ranks so fast! Want to challenge Cobra next?" 
Keira frowned. "What would that involve?" 
Pig leaned in conspiratorially. "You know Cobra, right? That girl's vicious. She's an expert in toxicology and medicine, and she's behind a ton of viruses spread across the globe—then sells vaccines to profit off them. The only person she's afraid of is Dr. Nora. They've clashed so many times, and Nora knows her poisons inside and out." 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Oh? And do you know who Nora is?" 
Pig blinked, suddenly suspicious. "...Don't tell me you're Nora." 
Keira: "Mm-hmm." 
Pig: "!!!" 
Without another word, Pig grabbed Keira's hand. "Second Sister! You've gotta challenge Eagle next. If you take her spot, you'll be our team leader. And when we take down Fox, you'll be the heiress to everything!" 
Keira sighed deeply, already regretting her decision to join their group. How did things escalate this quickly? She wasn't even sure she wanted to go for the top spot. 
After a pause, she asked, "What's Eagle's specialty?"
###Chapter 860
860  Chapter 859
Keira Olsen: ...    Did I get promoted a bit too fast    I just joined their department, and now I've suddenly become the second-in-command?    Does that mean I can actually take a shot at the top spot?    Keira Olsen politely asked: "What is Eagle particularly good at?"    As soon as she asked that, Pig started stroking his chin.    Keira Olsen thought that he finally noticed something was off and was going to shut up, but instead Pig seriosly answered: "She's good at quite a lot of things, the specifics I don't know, seems like she's pretty strong in all aspects, maybe you two can have a chat next time?"    Keira Olsen: ?    What? Are you guys always thi
s casual?    Thinking of Erin South Martin and South Jenkins, and even Sean Church and Vera South… Keira Olsen wanted to say she had gone through a lot to deal with them, but suddenly she realized she couldn't say it, because!    It also seemed quite simple to settle things with them?    Keira Olsen was dumbfounded for a moment.    She suddenly noticed an issue...    The strife for the South family's heiress didn't seem as panic-inducing as it was made out to be.    Why did she think the battle for the South family's inheritance was fraught with danger and violence?    Keira Olsen fell into silence for a moment, then suddenly she remembered the cause of her
ister's death.    That's right.    Because of her sister.    Her sister died when she went to find them!    So, she subconsciously thought it was the other heirs' doing, could it really have been the Nan Family?    Keira Olsen lowered her gaze as she pondered, and Pig spoke out: "What's wrong? Don't you feel confident going up against Eagle? Eagle is very ambitious, just like her codename, like a soaring eagle flying in the sky, guiding us in direction, ever since this small group was formed, we agreed: the one with the ability leads as the boss, but after so many years, everyone really respects Eagle, of course, now you are our 'Second Sister', we will likew
ise respect you!"    After finishing, he glanced towards Sean Church.    Sean Church left after the meal; Pig did not recognize him.    Sean Church's identity is really too special, ordinary people can't guess it, which is also why Erin South Martin left after South Jenkins did, in order to go along with Keira Olsen's ruse, but Sean Church did not need to leave for that reason.    Pig looked at Sean Church, glanced at Lewis Horton, then nudged Keira Olsen: "Impressive, I heard among our nine heirs, only you gave birth to a daughter, even dumped your husband after that, and now not only are you leaning on Mr. Horton, you're also keeping a pretty man?"    Keira
 Olsen said indifferently: "That's my distant cousin."    Sean Church is considered a cousin, but since the Nan Family follows a matrilineal system, he really is a cousin...    Keira Olsen's thoughts started to wander again.    Pig stretched and then looked at her: "Where do I stay?"    Keira Olsen: "It doesn't seem appropriate for you to stay here, does it?"    "Why? I'm not afraid you'll kill me! I trust you already!"    Keira Olsen twitched the corner of her mouth: "I'm afraid you'll kill me. Happy now?"    Pig: "..."    Pig stood up reluctantly, a slightly plump girl with a ponytail, petite, with a round face that looked very cute and likable: "Alright, then I'll go back to my place for now, I'll come stay with you once we know each other better, though I'm currently in Clance on business, so I won't be going far."    Keira Olsen: "What business are you handling?"    "Your business, of course!" Pig answered confidently: "Whenever you truly consider us sisters, that's when I can finish the task and go home!"    Pig got up and walked out.    Watching her leave, Keira Olsen turned to Lewis Horton: "That Eagle you mentioned…"    Lewis Horton was silent for a long while before he finally spoke: "Actually, during that week I visited the South Family, I didn't detect any
 resentment from Erin South Martin's mother towards the other heirs either."    Keira Olsen paused.    The South Family is now short of descendants, and the children are all precious, so does this mean the current competition among them won't involve life and death anymore?    Then who killed her sister?    The South Family needs children, they surely wouldn't kill her sister!    Even when their mother was captured, she was just locked up...    Keira Olsen took a deep breath, and at that moment her phone suddenly rang.    She answered, and heard South Jenkins' voice: "How is it going? Have they tried to recruit you?"    Keira Olsen: "They have."    South Jenkins: "I heard they have a pecking order, you just joined today, so you should be 'Peter', right? It's fine, you might be the boss in our faction but you're undercover, being 'Peter' will do!"    From the side, Erin South Martin's annoyed voice came through: "What nonsense are you talking about? Our team's boss is clearly Fox! I'm the boss!"    South Jenkins: "Yeah yeah, got it. Now tell me, how does it feel to be treated as 'Peter'? Are they all ordering you around?"    Keira Olsen coughed lightly: "Sorry, but as of now, I am the 'Second Sister'."    An immediate silence fell on the phone.    Keira Olsen thought they hung up, checked the phone, and saw it was still connected, so she inquired: "Hello?"    "Damn! You were supposed to be an undercover spy, how can you suddenly become their second-in-command? I suddenly find this offer very attractive! You're not planning on not coming back, are you?"""
###Chapter 861
861  Chapter 860 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth when she heard that. 
She recalled a joke she'd once read: someone went undercover in an enemy organization, worked hard for years, and eventually became the second-in-command. They called their people back home, exasperated, saying, "When are you coming to get me? If you wait any longer, I'll end up running the place!" 
And now, as absurd as it seemed, she couldn't believe something similar was happening to her. 
Keira sighed. "Things seem... pretty casual over there." 
"Ha! Casual enough that you're not thinking about coming back, are you?" Erin's voice suddenly cut through, dripping with sarcasm. 
Keira turned, confused. "You're still upset? Wasn't all of that just an act?" 
"It was an act," Erin snapped. "But then you said some things that really got under my skin. Now? Now I'm actually mad!" Her tone turned sharp, almost tearful. "Keira Olsen, you are just... too much!" 
With that, Erin stormed off. 
Keira stared after her, baffled. "Is she for real?" 
Jenkins, leaning against the wall nearby, smirked. "Oh, she's for real. Didn't you see her? Crying like it's some Shakespearean tragedy." 
Keira rubbed her temple. "All I said was... what exactly?" 
"Doesn't matter what you said—it's the way you said it," Jenkins replied, shifting into a more relaxed posture. "You know, most jerks? Their downfall's usually about their attitude. Congrats, Keira. You're officially a jerk." 
Keira gave her a look. "I don't get it, but sure. Thanks for the input. Anyway, if there's nothing else, I'll hang up now." 
"Wait, hold up," Jenkins said, laughing. "You thinking about challenging Eagle? If you pull it off, you'll end up as the top dog. The rest of us might as well pack it up—no contest left." 
Keira paused, considering. "They're not that careless. You think they'd really let me get that far?" 
Jenkins's grin widened. "As long as you're keeping your guard up, that's all I care about. But let me tell you—Eagle's no joke. She's been scheming since we were kids. At three, she was already pulling strings to get the rest of us to share our snacks. She's like a hawk, watching everything from above. Trust me, we got scammed plenty in daycare." 
Keira chuckled faintly. "Noted. Thanks." 
After hanging up, Keira turned to Lewis. 
He cut straight to the point. "In any organization, people only remember the leader. Nobody cares who's second—or fifth." 
Keira nodded thoughtfully. "I get it. I just want a chance to talk to Eagle. Clear the air." 
At the very least, she needed to make sure Eagle stayed in her lane while Keira handled the South family. She couldn't afford distractions. 
With that in mind, Keira opened her group chat. Eagle's profile picture was—unsurprisingly—a soaring eagle. She hesitated briefly before sending a friend request with a single message: "I'm Rabbit." 
Then she waited. 
And waited. 
No response. No acceptance. 
Keira stared at the chat, her mind racing with plans for what might come next. The South family might appear to be living idyllic lives, but behind the facade lay their twisted reality: women reduced to mere tools of reproduction in their matriarchal system. Each woman was expected to have multiple husbands, their worth tied solely to bearing children. It disgusted her. 
Hours passed. Still no response. 
Frustration simmered as Keira got up and threw herself into work. At least when she was working, time moved faster. One hour went by. Then two. Then four. 
Finally, her phone buzzed. She snatched it up to find a notification: Eagle had accepted your request. 
Keira quickly opened the chat, ready to make her move—only for Eagle to send the first message: "I'm Eagle. I know who you are." 
Keira's heart skipped a beat. The weight of those words hit hard, carrying an unmistakable sense of menace. 
Does she know I'm not Keera?
###Chapter 862
862  Chapter 861 
Keira fell silent for a moment. It didn't seem likely. 
There were only a handful of people who knew her true identity. 
Keira Olsen had died in the shipwreck off the coast of Oceanion. The person alive now was her sister, Keera. 
She quickly regained her composure, eyes fixed on her phone. 
The text message on the screen was cold, devoid of warmth. 
She pondered for a few seconds, then unlocked her phone and initiated a video call. 
If the other person knew who she was, they had to have seen her face before. No point in hiding. If they had the guts to pick up, she'd finally get to see what the infamous Eagle looked like. 
The call rang. Keira watched in silence. 
It rang for what felt like forever. No answer. 
She lowered her gaze, ready to hang up— 
Then, suddenly, the call connected. 
Keira's pupils contracted slightly in disbelief. 
A stranger appeared on the screen—a woman with an unmistakably East Asian face. 
She was striking. Deep-set eyes made her eyes look sharp and intense. 
She had short hair, neat and stylish, with a confident, androgynous appeal. 
Keira frowned. "You're Eagle?" 
"That's right." The woman's voice was cold and commanding. She held Keira's gaze through the screen. "I knew you'd be looking for me, so I had Pig go find you first." 
Keira pressed her lips together, her brows knitting. "Do you even know why I'm looking for you?" 
Eagle nodded without hesitation. "I do. You want to win. You want to save your mother. Isn't that right?" 
"Yes." 
Keira answered honestly. 
Eagle lowered her eyes slightly. "Forget it. I'm not going to lose. And besides, the South family wouldn't allow it." 
Keira was caught off guard. "The South family wouldn't allow it?" 
"No. They won't." Eagle's voice was like ice, sending a chill through the air. "Because they believe that only those who survive bloodshed are worthy successors. Only the strongest can lead the South family into the future." 
Keira asked, "And what kind of future is that?" 
"That depends on how you look at it." Eagle's tone was indifferent. "Every generation of successors has possessed absolute strength. We're like aggressive insects—only the king survives. It's just that there are fewer successors now, so we don't fight to the death anymore. But if this were the old days, only one of us would be walking away from this." 
Keira let her finish before speaking. "Then why did you contact me? If you're not here to surrender, do you really think I'll join you?" 
Eagle chuckled. "Of course not. I'm just giving you an opportunity." 
Keira frowned, about to refuse, when Eagle spoke again. 
"I'm offering us a temporary truce. You do what you need to do, and I'll be waiting for the right moment." 
Keira hesitated. "I don't have anything I need to do." 
"No?" Eagle smiled, cold and unreadable. "Then why ask so many questions about the South family? If I had to guess, you're planning to infiltrate them as a drifter. After all, you already have their coordinates, don't you?" 
Keira clenched her jaw. 
Eagle continued, "I want to know if someone can actually make it out of the South family alive. Give it a shot. I'll give you the chance. If you walk out of there, I'll follow you. If you get caught, well… then you were never meant to win in the first place." 
Eagle smirked. "So there's no need to be on guard around me. If you're set on getting yourself killed, I won't stop you." 
Keira frowned. 
She had indeed considered taking care of Eagle first. 
She was worried that if she and Lewis infiltrated the South family as drifters, Eagle would seize the opportunity to make a move—either against them, or against everyone in Clance, swallowing up all her forces in one fell swoop. 
She hadn't expected Eagle to see right through her. 
Pig's unexpected visit had seemed almost theatrical, but in reality, it had been orchestrated from the very start. 
To Eagle, entering the South family was a death sentence. 
She was simply waiting for Keira to throw herself into the fire, so she could take over everything afterward. 
Keira paused before saying, "Fine. We'll see how this plays out." 
Eagle's tone remained casual. "I'll give you one month. If you make it out of the South family alive, I'll pledge my allegiance to you. If you die there, then all your people belong to me." 
Keira's expression was neutral. "I don't have 'people'." 
Eagle narrowed her eyes. "Don't kid yourself. You think I don't know? Lion, Clownfish, and Fox have all aligned with you." 
"No." Keira's voice was steady. "We're allies. They're not subordinates or my underlings. They're my friends." 
She had never seen Erin and the others as her followers. 
They were all just as strong as she was. They were friends.
###Chapter 863
863  Chapter 862 
Keira wasn't sure if Eagle's words could be trusted, but she didn't have much time left. Everyone in the South family was shrouded in mystery, and even if she wanted to drag them out into the open, it wouldn't be easy. 
So for now, she had no choice but to believe. 
The next day, Keira began making arrangements. 
This time, it was different. 
Last time, there had been a set return date. But now, there wasn't one. 
She knew there were only two possible outcomes—either she made it out, or she didn't. 
Keira had lunch with Uncle Olsen without saying much. But as she was about to leave, he suddenly looked at her. "You're going to save her, aren't you?" 
Keira hesitated for a brief moment. 
Uncle Olsen continued, "Keira, can I come with you?" 
She shook her head. "No." 
Uncle Olsen knew nothing about the South family. Besides, too many people going in would only draw attention. More importantly… he was decisive but impulsive. If he saw Jodie South, he might throw caution to the wind and charge in, which would ruin everything. 
But most of all… 
Keira looked at him. "Dad, if I don't make it back, and Mom doesn't either, at least someone will still remember us in this world." 
Uncle Olsen's eyes reddened. He stared at her for a long moment before giving her a firm pat on the shoulder. "Come back alive." 
Something in Keira's heart clenched at those words. 
She met his gaze, clenched her fists, and nodded. "I will." 
Then she turned and strode out. 
Uncle Olsen watched her go, his voice thick with emotion. "Keira, I'll be waiting for you both at home. At least… you have to come back." 
If Jodie South didn't make it, he wouldn't mind following her. 
But their daughter—she had to survive. 
Keira didn't dare look back. Her throat felt tight, her eyes stung. Without turning around, she waved a hand over her shoulder and stepped into the waiting car. 
Lewis was already there. He noticed her red-rimmed eyes and said, "It's okay. We'll come back." 
Keira didn't dare look back. Her throat felt tight, her eyes stung. Without turning around, she waved a hand over her shoulder and stepped into the waiting car. 
Lewis was already there. He noticed her red-rimmed eyes and said, "It's okay. We'll come back." 
Keira nodded. "I know." 
She didn't say goodbye to anyone else. She didn't want them to worry. She left a message at home saying she was on a business trip—anyone who came looking would hear the same story. 
She hadn't expected to find Mary and Ellis waiting for her when she got back. 
Mary's belly was already quite big—she was nearly seven months along, just a few more months until the baby arrived. 
Keira was pleasantly surprised. "What are you doing here?" 
Mary walked over and took her hand. "The baby said they missed their godmother, so we came to see you." 
Keira smiled, placing a hand gently on her belly. After a moment's thought, she pulled out a card and handed it to Mary. "A gift for the baby." 
It was from Keera. 
After all, Mary and Keera had once been the best of friends. 
Mary hesitated briefly but didn't refuse. Instead, she smiled. "Then I'll accept it on behalf of the baby. But the baby also said… they want to see you at the full-month celebration." 
Keira froze for a second. 
Ellis chuckled. "You may not say anything, but I know what you're up to. I'm your brother, after all. Whatever it is, I just hope it all goes smoothly." 
Keira nodded. 
Mary studied her carefully. "Are you doing this for her?" 
For her… 
Mary had already pieced things together. 
Keira knew that Mary and Keera had been close. Even though she had taken over, Mary must have sensed something. She had simply never brought it up before. 
This was the first time she had spoken so directly about it. 
Keira nodded. "Yes." 
Keera had always wanted one thing—to live. To truly live. 
So Keira had to survive, and she had to bring her mother back with her. 
Mary smiled. "Alright, Keira. I'll be here praying for you." 
Keira smiled back. "Thank you." 
Mary stood up. "We should get going." 
"Okay." 
After they left, Keira sank onto the couch and looked at Lewis. She was about to speak when a commotion erupted outside. 
"Hey! I was here first!" 
"No way, I got here first!" 
Keira looked up and saw Rebecca pushing through the door ahead of the others.
###Chapter 864
864  Chapter 863 
Rebecca stormed in, her face still carrying a trace of irritation, as if she'd been interrupted by the person behind her. She shot Ellie Cobb an annoyed look before heading straight for Keira. 
Keira blinked in surprise. "What are you guys doing here?" 
Rebecca immediately replied, "We came to find you, obviously. What, not happy to see us?" 
Ellie caught up and chimed in, "Yeah, are we not welcome?" 
Keira let out a wry smile. "No, I am happy to see you. Just… you showed up a little too suddenly." 
She hesitated, glancing between the two of them, trying to figure out what was going on. But their faces gave nothing away. Keira decided to cut to the chase. "Alright, spill it. What are you up to?" 
"Shopping, dinner, and a movie!" Rebecca announced. 
Ellie scoffed. "That's so boring. Only goody-two-shoes do that. I say we hit a bar instead. I've got a good bottle waiting for me." 
Rebecca perked up immediately. "Then take me with you! I want a drink too!" 
Ellie gave her a skeptical look. "If I take you, is your brother gonna come hunting me down? Everyone knows he's crazy overprotective." 
Rebecca turned to glare at her. "Oh, like your brother isn't? Please. You think he doesn't watch over you?" 
Ellie huffed. "At least I don't get tricked by men like you do." 
Rebecca sneered. "Oh, really? And where's your boyfriend? Last I heard, he and some side chick set you up." 
Ellie's face turned red with anger. "You—!" 
Keira sighed. "Alright, you two. That's enough." 
Rebecca immediately pointed at Ellie. "She started it!" 
"That's enough," Keira repeated, looking at them both before suddenly breaking into a smile. "Fine. Since you both want to drink, then let's do it. Tonight, we're drinking till we drop!" 
Then she turned to Lewis. "Got anything good at home?" 
Lewis nodded. "Plenty. The cellar's stocked. I'll go grab something for you guys." 
He left the room, and Keira had just settled into her seat when Amy came running in. "Mommy! Am I going to Grandpa's house now?" 
Amy had been staying at the Hortons' for the past few days, but today she was supposed to move back to Uncle Olsen's place. 
Keira nodded. "That's right. And remember to be on your best behavior, okay?" 
"I know!" 
The little girl threw her arms around Keira. "Mommy, don't forget to come pick me up, okay?" 
Watching Amy grow more lively, free from the timid, fearful state she'd been in when Keira first brought her back, Keira smiled gently and stroked her hair. "Amy, you have to grow up happy." 
Amy tilted her head. "As long as Mommy's here, I'll always be happy! But I know you have things to do, so I'll wait for you!" 
Keira's eyes stung when she heard that. She nodded. 
The security guard led Amy outside. The little girl bounced along, completely unaware of the bittersweet feeling of parting. When she reached the door, she turned back one last time. "Mommy, you have to, have to, have to come get me, okay? I like Grandpa's house and Daddy's house, but I love you the most!" 
Keira nodded firmly. 
After Amy was gone, Lewis finally returned upstairs, carrying two bottles of red wine. "Enough?" 
"Not even close!" a voice called from the doorway. 
Keira turned her head and saw Jenkins and Erin walking in. 
Erin still looked upset. She scowled at Keira and huffed, "Hmph!" 
Keira chuckled. "Still mad?" 
"Yeah! Furious, actually! You heartless player!" Erin turned to Lewis. "Bring out the good stuff! We're drinking till we drop!" 
Lewis glanced at Keira. Seeing her nod, he went downstairs again and returned shortly after with a few more bottles. 
Erin walked over, grabbed one, popped it open, and took a long swig straight from the bottle. When she finally lowered it, she pointed at Keira and said, "I'm seriously pissed at you, you know that? I don't care if it was just an act, but how could you say something straight out of a jerk's playbook? I demand an apology!" 
Keira raised an eyebrow. "Okay. How do you want me to apologize?" 
Erin smirked. "You're good at cooking, aren't you? I want a full roast dinner. That's your punishment!" 
Keira hesitated. "But we don't have any beef." 
"That's fine! I'll go buy some! And when you're back, you're making it for me!" Erin stepped forward and clapped a hand on Keira's shoulder. "You better come back and cook for me, got it?"
###Chapter 865
865  Chapter 864 
Keira froze for a moment at those words. 
She turned to Erin and saw the tip of her nose turning red, her shoulders shaking slightly as she struggled to hold back tears. 
Then Keira looked at Jenkins, noticing her eyes were a little red as well. 
Without a word, Keira reached out and patted her shoulder. 
Then she turned to Jenkins with a small smile. "Fox's got a bit of a temper. Cut her some slack." 
"I know," Jenkins said calmly. "Don't worry. I know exactly how she is." 
Rebecca came bouncing over, interrupting with her usual energy. "Hey! What's with the serious faces? You all look like this is some dramatic farewell scene. Come on, let's drink!" 
She grabbed a bottle, took a big gulp straight from it, and then let out a loud hiccup. 
Almost instantly, her cheeks flushed red, and her eyes grew hazy. Then, without warning, she threw her arms around Keira and started sobbing. "My lifesaver! Keira, I missed you!" 
Rebecca hiccupped between her words. "If it weren't for you, I'd be dead. You saved my life. And when I came back to Clance, I was terrified people would mock me. But you—" she sniffled—"you gave me the courage to stand tall. Do you know that?" 
Keira twitched the corner of her mouth in amusement. 
Ellie scoffed. "Geez, how's she such a lightweight? One drink and she's down." 
Keira chuckled. "She's always been the goody-two-shoes type. Doesn't drink much." 
Ellie immediately shot back, "I drink, and I'm still a goody-two-shoes." 
Keira smirked. "Sure, sure." 
She loosened Rebecca's grip, about to help her onto the couch, but Rebecca suddenly clutched her arm. "Keira, my brother said you've been wrapping things up at work, like you're leaving for good. Are you really not coming back?" 
Keira paused. 
So that's why Rebecca suddenly showed up tonight. 
Just as she was about to answer, Ellie chimed in, "My brother said the same thing." 
Keira let out a laugh, half exasperated. These two never had the latest news, but having well-connected brothers sure made up for it. 
Before she could say anything, Rebecca slurred, "Keira, I don't care where you're going, and I don't care if you'll keep in touch or not. I just— I just want you to be okay. Promise me you'll be okay, no matter what!" 
Ellie turned away at those words, blinking rapidly. Her voice was gruff. "So dramatic. And so damn emotional." 
Then, in an awkward tone, she muttered, "Keira, someone like you—someone as capable as you—will be just fine, no matter what happens. I know that. So… I'll be here, in Clance, waiting for you to come back." 
"Alright," Keira said softly. 
She looked at them—two Clance socialites, one delicate and sentimental, the other tougher on the outside. Yet right now, they both stared at her with eyes full of worry, unable to hide their concern. 
Rebecca's eyes were brimming with tears, while Ellie's face was tight with unease. 
Keira clenched her fists, then smiled. "It's gonna be okay." 
She wasn't the same person she used to be. No longer that forgotten child of the Olsen family, living in the shadows. 
That night, they partied hard, letting loose like never before. 
Even Keira let herself go a little, drinking more than usual. She drank with Erin, Jenkins, and even Ellie until they were all good and buzzed. 
Time flew by. The night deepened, then faded into dawn without them realizing it. 
Keira sat up from the couch, blinking as the golden light of morning spilled in through the windows. Around her, her friends were sprawled out, dead to the world after a night of drinking. 
She, however, was completely sober. 
Last night, Lewis had quietly swapped out her drinks for water. The others had noticed but said nothing because they all understood—she had something important to do today. She couldn't afford to get caught up in their chaos. 
At some point, Lewis had appeared beside her, waiting patiently. 
Keira looked at the room full of sleeping friends and spoke gently. "Make sure they get home safely." 
Lewis took her hand. "Already arranged. Don't worry about it." 
She nodded. "Is it time?" 
"Yeah. We need to go." 
Keira turned to him. "Lewis, are you ready?" 
He raised an eyebrow. "For what?" 
She let out a quiet laugh. "To walk through fire with me. Are you ready?" 
Lewis grinned. "Always." 
They exchanged a glance, and Keira reached out her hand. "Then let's go on this little adventure into the South family." 
Lewis clasped her hand firmly. 
Together, they turned and walked out. 
Behind them, as the door closed, the so-called drunk friends slowly cracked open their eyes, silently watching them leave.
###Chapter 866
866  Chapter 865 
The sea was sparkling under the sun. 
A private yacht cruised on the surface of the sea. Lewis and Keira stood in the cabin. Keira stared at the massive yacht. "Is this yours?" she asked. 
"Yeah," Lewis replied. 
Keira couldn't help but exclaim, "You're really loaded." 
Yachts like this one, capable of venturing into deep seas, were typically huge—far beyond what an ordinary person could afford. The cost of this yacht alone could be in the billions, if not hundreds of billions. 
Though the Horton family was powerful, they couldn't just casually buy something like this. Keira couldn't help but ask, "What exactly do you do?" 
Back when they were in Country A, there had been that pirate cove Lewis had taken care of. Could it be...? 
Before she could finish her thought, Lewis smiled. "Mrs. Horton, asking this now? Isn't it a bit too late? You've already boarded my ship!" 
Keira froze for a moment, then chuckled, unable to stop herself. 
Lewis suddenly stepped forward, wrapping his arms around her waist from behind. His voice was slow and steady as he spoke. "When I was younger, my brother and father couldn't stand me, so I was kept in the old house. When I got older, my grandmother feared they might secretly harm me, so she sent me abroad. Those years, I didn't exactly follow the rules. Instead, I built up my own power and made some friends. Together, we started a maritime transport fleet. One day, we were robbed by pirates. I couldn't take it, so I hired some mercenaries and led them to the island." 
Keira's eyes widened. "You did something that dangerous?" 
Lewis chuckled. "I was young and reckless, thought that since no one cared about me, if I died, so be it. But things went better than expected. We ended up taking control of that pirate island. Eventually, we realized that being pirates did bring in quick money, so we kept taking down one island after another." 
Keira turned to face him. 
The man was tall and imposing, his words tinged with a sense of nostalgia. But Keira couldn't help but feel a pang of sympathy for him. 
This man was so strong—strong enough that Keira often forgot his family... didn't love him. 
Keira had grown up in a loveless environment, so she understood better than anyone how a life could fall apart without love. But at least she had Jodie South's care. 
What about Lewis? 
He had only a grandmother who couldn't control her household, and the only help he got was being sent away from that cruel family to a strange place. 
If she was being honest, even Keira herself couldn't imagine being as strong as Lewis. 
She tightly embraced him. "You have to stay safe from now on, because you have me who loves you. Don't put yourself in dangerous situations again." 
"I know," Lewis replied slowly. "I don't need to charge into battle anymore. Most of the territory in the sea has been claimed." 
He rested his chin on her shoulder. "Besides, I can't let our child be involved in something like this in the future." 
Keira froze. "What child? Don't say random things..." 
Her cheeks flushed slightly, and she pushed him away. 
Time passed, and the yacht finally reached the deep sea, where they couldn't go any further. 
If they went any farther, the South family's radar would detect them. 
Lewis said, "Now, I'll take you over in a small boat. Keira, are you scared?" 
Out in the vast sea, everything looked dark and intimidating. 
The waves were rough, and the small boat looked even more fragile than the one the South family had sent to pick her up. One wave could easily tear it apart. 
Keira looked at Lewis. "You've come all this way to risk your life with me. What do I have to be afraid of?" 
She took his hand. "Let's go." 
They boarded the small boat, and Keira noticed that despite its small size, it was well-equipped. 
She was surprised. "This is...?" 
Lewis grinned. "It's a small boat, all right. One big wave, and it'd capsize. So I made some modifications. At least this way, we'll be safe on our way to the South family." 
Keira smiled. "Got it." 
Lewis turned to her. "Then sit tight. We're about to set off." 
"Okay!" 
The small boat slowly pulled away from the yacht, heading into the dark unknown. 
But the boat didn't hesitate. It steadily moved forward, heading toward the direction they believed was right.
###Chapter 867
867  Chapter 866 
The boat was ridiculously small—one good wave and it would've rocked like a toy in a bathtub. And yet, somehow, it stayed steady. Keira had no idea what kind of trick Lewis had pulled, but whatever it was, it worked. 
She sat on the deck beside him, helping steer. 
The moon cast a pale glow over the dark waves, both cool and intense. 
"This ocean feels like it could swallow every last person on Earth," Keira murmured. 
It was too deep, too dark. 
Like staring into a void. 
Lewis chuckled. "It's not scary when you're on this boat. But soon, we might have to ditch it." 
Keira narrowed her eyes, nodding. "And what's our cover story?" 
He glanced at her, grinning. "Runaway lovers. You caught the eye of a crime boss, and I had no choice but to steal you away. Now we're on the run, drifting in the ocean on this little wreck of a boat. But we won't last long—his men are after us. We'll have to abandon ship and swim to shore. And where do we end up? The South family's island, as two drifters with nowhere else to go." 
Keira's mouth twitched. "You can't be serious. I was targeted by some crime boss?" 
Lewis smirked. "With your looks? Not surprising. And with mine, convincing you to run away with me instead of him isn't exactly a stretch. Besides—" 
He pointed at the cruise ship they'd just left behind. "There he is, right on that boat." 
Keira let out a long sigh. "You really thought this through, huh? What else did you plan?" 
Lewis shrugged. "To make it believable, we need to lighten the boat's load. Once we do, the shift in weight will throw us off balance, and a wave will capsize us. Which means, Keira, you know how to swim, right?" 
Keira nodded immediately. "Yeah." 
The last time she jumped into the ocean, she nearly drowned. Someone had to drag her out. After returning to Clance, she'd spent the past two weeks training—she needed to be ready to go home. 
Lewis nodded. "Good. That just leaves one last touch." 
She blinked. "What touch?" 
Before she could react, Lewis pulled out a gun and shot himself in the leg. 
Keira's eyes widened in horror. "Lewis, what the hell?!" 
She lunged toward him, her hands already pressing down on the wound as blood seeped through his jeans. Her throat tightened. "Are you out of your mind?!" 
Out here, in the middle of the ocean—if they didn't treat it fast, what was he going to do? 
Lewis only smiled. "A crime boss should have a gun, don't you think?" 
Keira's eyes burned. Without hesitation, she tore a strip from her shirt and wrapped it tightly around his leg. "That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. We could've come up with another story!" 
"My storytelling skills are limited. Only a crime boss would have enough power to chase us into the ocean. Only a crime boss would make us too scared to go home. Otherwise, the South family would just send us right back." 
Lewis ruffled her hair. "This is the perfect excuse. I'm fine, Keira. But from now on, we need new names—yours is too obvious." 
Keira wiped her eyes and huffed. "Fine. Call me Norma." 
Lewis raised an eyebrow. "Then I guess I'm Solomon." 
"Norma Olsen." 
"Solomon Horton." 
They exchanged a glance, then burst out laughing. 
Keira groaned. "That sounds awful. Let's drop the last names." 
Lewis nodded. "It's like we're reborn." 
She leaned into him, eyeing his leg. "Doesn't that hurt? And you're sitting here joking?" 
"It's not so bad. I'm used to it." 
His voice was light, casual. "Back when I fought pirates, I nearly took a bullet to the heart once. Still made it out." 
Keira rested against him. 
Then Lewis spoke again. "We're almost there. Keira, I'm taking apart the boat's rigging. The last two miles, we row ourselves in. Think you're up for it?" 
"No problem." 
At her answer, he pressed a button. Keira immediately felt the boat shift—its weight lifted, making it unstable. The waves crashed harder, the boat rocking wildly atop the water. 
She glanced toward the South family's island, just two miles away, and let a smile creep onto her lips. 
She was finally home. 
That thought had barely formed when a wave hit, and the boat flipped over.
###Chapter 868
868  Chapter 867 
They were still about a mile from the South family estate, and the surrounding darkness was almost absolute. The moment Keira plunged into the water, a sharp chill cut straight through her, freezing her to the bone. 
She immediately started swimming, scanning the surface for any sign of Lewis. 
But the water was eerily still. Nothing. 
Her heart pounded as she called out, "Lewis! Lewis!" 
He'd been injured, and when the boat capsized, he'd pushed her away to keep her from getting crushed—only to be trapped under the wreckage himself. 
Keira's pulse spiked. 
No. He's fine. He has to be fine. 
Just as panic started creeping in, she heard the sound of water shifting behind her. A strong arm suddenly wrapped around her waist from behind, and a familiar voice murmured near her ear, "Worried about me?" 
Relief crashed over her. 
She twisted around and, in the dim moonlight, saw Lewis drenched from head to toe. She couldn't help but look him over. "Are you okay?" 
"I'm fine." 
She let out a breath she hadn't realized she was holding. 
Lewis glanced toward the shore in the distance. "A mile. Think you can swim it?" 
Keira smirked. "You seriously asking me that?" 
He raised an eyebrow. "How about a race?" 
She blinked. "A race? Now?" 
"First one to shore wins." 
Keira let out a short laugh. "And the winner gets what?" 
Lewis grinned. "Winner gets to be on top." 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Even in the freezing water, heat shot to her cheeks. "You—" 
Before she could finish, Lewis dove forward, cutting through the water with powerful strokes. 
Keira's competitive side flared. No way was she letting him win that easily. 
She took a deep breath and launched after him. 
They swam, neck and neck, Lewis keeping just a half-body lead ahead of her. Keira pushed harder, gradually closing the gap. 
She turned her head, flashing him a grin. "Getting tired?" 
Lewis smirked. "Not even close." 
Then he surged forward again. 
Keira wasn't about to back down. She matched his pace and, inch by inch, overtook him. The shoreline was just ahead. She laughed. "Falling behind, Horton?" 
But just as she slowed to glance back, Lewis smiled at her—then his eyes fluttered shut, and his body suddenly went limp, sinking into the water. 
Keira's breath hitched. 
"Lewis!" 
She lunged forward, grabbing his arm. "Lewis, wake up!" 
No response. 
Fear surged through her, but she didn't hesitate. Using every ounce of strength, she hauled him toward shore. It was an agonizing effort, every stroke burning through her muscles, but she refused to stop. 
By the time they reached land, she was exhausted, gasping for breath as she dragged him onto the sand. 
Her body ached, but she didn't care. She immediately checked him over—and that's when she saw it. 
His leg wound, soaked in seawater, had turned pale and was still bleeding. 
Keira pressed her fingers to his nose and exhaled in relief when she felt his faint but steady breath. He was alive. 
She shot him an exasperated look. "You're unbelievable. You were on the verge of passing out and still wanted to race?" 
Lewis had lost too much blood, but he'd forced himself to swim as close to shore as possible. If he'd passed out any further out at sea, it would've been nearly impossible for her to get him to land. 
Without hesitation, Keira tore off the sleeve of her jacket and wrapped it tightly around his wound to slow the bleeding. 
But they needed a doctor—fast. If they didn't get help soon, he wouldn't make it. 
She stood, scanning the area. 
They were on a beach, the sand stretching out in every direction. Not far away, a towering fortress-like wall encircled the entire island. It was an imposing sight, vast and unyielding. 
And there was no obvious way in. 
Keira frowned, mind racing for options. But before she could act, footsteps sounded from behind. A moment later, a squad of men in tactical gear stormed toward them, rifles raised. 
The leader took a step forward, his voice sharp and demanding. "Identify yourselves!"
###Chapter 869
869  Chapter 868 
Keira tried to sit up and speak, but found herself too weak. Just as she was about to say something, everything started spinning, and she passed out. 
She didn't know how much time had passed, but when she woke up again, she was in a hospital. 
As her eyes fluttered open, someone spoke, "She's awake!" 
Keira looked up to see a nurse and a soldier wearing a face mask, standing nearby with a gun, eyeing her warily. 
Keira immediately scanned the room but didn't see Lewis by her side. 
"Where's Solomon? Where is he?" she asked, her voice tinged with panic. 
The nurse replied, "You mean the man who was with you? He's in the next room. Don't worry, his bleeding has stopped. I just need to ask you a few questions." 
Keira glanced at the soldier, recognizing that she wasn't authorized by anyone from the South family's island. 
"Go ahead," she said, her voice steady despite the unease creeping in. 
Keira wasn't worried. The South family's island was huge, and most people in this city wouldn't recognize her. After all, the heirs to the family were kept secret. 
Most of the islanders wouldn't have a clue who she was. Even these soldiers likely didn't know her. 
The soldiers who protected them were from the Royal Guard—the elite of the South family's military. 
Besides, when Keira first came to the island, she'd learned how special it was. It was one of the only habitable islands in the sea. 
People who got stranded in the surrounding waters often ended up on the island, meaning there were always a few hundred drifters washing up every year. 
The local population lived comfortably, with wealthy families, but because of that, the island had very little productivity. The South family actually welcomed the drifters with no identities, hiring them to serve the local residents. 
If the drifters kept clean, they could be employed like maids and make a life for themselves on the island. 
But the South family also watched out for spies, so basic interrogations were standard procedure. 
The nurse spoke again. "Can I have your name?" 
"Norma." 
The nurse continued, "So you and Solomon... are you a couple? How did you end up here?" 
Keira lowered her gaze. She and Lewis had already worked out the story on the boat before they arrived. She kept her head down and answered, "We're engaged. But one day, we went on a trip to Country T, and a local crime boss... took an interest in us." 
The nurse interrupted, "Country T? So, the crime boss wanted Solomon? I can see why. He's pretty good-looking." 
Keira blinked. "Huh?" 
She stared at the nurse, suddenly at a loss for words, struggling to keep the story going. 
Her acting wasn't great to begin with, and now she had completely lost her train of thought… 
Before Keira could regroup, the nurse went on, "So your boyfriend's straight, right? And he wouldn't give in, so the crime boss started hunting you both?" 
Keira hesitated, then said, "Well, it wasn't exactly like that." 
The nurse grinned. "Poor guy. He's so good-looking. I can't blame the boss for being interested." 
Keira's face twitched. "That's... not really it." 
At least, that wasn't the version they'd agreed on! 
The nurse just kept going, "But you're beautiful too. No wonder he'd run away with you. For someone like you, it's worth it." 
Keira sighed, trying to keep her composure. "Can't the crime boss be interested in a woman?" 
The nurse looked at her, confused. "In Country T? It's normal for men to like men, right?" 
Keira was shocked. "What are they teaching people on this island?" 
Where did all these strange ideas come from? 
Keira sighed again, clearing her throat. "Well, not exactly." 
She had to stick to the story she and Lewis had agreed on. If she didn't, their cover could fall apart.
###Chapter 870
870  Chapter 869 
The nurse blinked in surprise and turned to Keira. "Wait, that crime boss is after you?" 
Keira nodded. 
The nurse frowned. "That guy is seriously weird." 
Keira felt the corner of her mouth twitch. A phrase she'd seen online popped into her head—never feel inferior for being normal when you're surrounded by the abnormal. 
She suppressed the urge to roll her eyes and glanced at the nurse, then at the soldier standing behind her. 
The soldier might've been standing there quietly, but he was listening. Keira knew that as casual as this conversation seemed, the moment her story didn't match Lewis's, she'd be staring down the barrel of a loaded gun. 
She was on high alert. 
The nurse gave her another once-over. "Where are you and Solomon from?" 
"Crera." 
That wasn't something they could fake. Habits, speech patterns—those were ingrained. She and Lewis had agreed: mix in just enough truth to make the lies believable. 
The nurse hesitated at the answer, then asked, "Then why didn't you just go home? Crera would've protected you. Everyone knows how tough they are about this kind of thing." 
Keira let out a bitter laugh. "We didn't get the chance. We didn't even have time to call for help. They took our phones, everything. The only thing we could do was escape on a tiny boat. Solomon even got shot in the leg. Where is he? How is he doing?" 
The nurse sighed. "He lost a lot of blood, but we gave him a transfusion. Oh, by the way, I heard you and him grew up together? Childhood sweethearts?" 
Keira froze. 
That wasn't part of the story she and Lewis had agreed on. They were supposed to be college friends. 
Was the nurse testing her? 
Keira shook her head. "We were classmates. I mean, we probably heard of each other growing up—small town, same social circles. Our parents were both teachers at the same school, and teachers love to compare their kids' grades…" 
The nurse's face lit up. "Oh, I get that! My mom's a teacher too!" 
Keira smiled. "I knew of him. He was the top student among all the teachers' kids. I guess you could say I admired him from afar. Then we ended up at the same college. Since we were from the same hometown, our semesters started and ended at the same time, and…" 
She trailed off and lowered her gaze, acting shy. 
"Oh, that's so romantic." The nurse sighed dreamily. "You two must really love each other. Otherwise, you wouldn't have gone through all this together." 
Keira dropped her eyes, playing along. 
Then the nurse casually added, "But Solomon said you two grew up together. He even mentioned sneaking off to see you." 
Keira's head snapped up. "What?" 
The nurse giggled behind her hand. "Yeah, he said he first heard about you from his parents, then secretly went to see you. He said it was love at first sight. He even picked his college because of you." 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
Lewis Horton, romanticizing his own backstory? 
Why hadn't he warned her? 
Was it intentional? Did he want her caught off guard to make her reaction more believable? Or was there another reason? 
Being separated was a nightmare. She had no way of knowing if this was another test. 
Keira clenched her jaw, tightening her fists before finally replying, "He's messing with you. I don't remember him at all. Besides, in high school, all we did was study. Who had time for romance? We didn't even go to the same school." 
The nurse's grin widened. "He didn't even go to your school, but he still noticed you? Wow, that's next-level devotion. Sounds like a love story in the making." 
Keira frowned. "That's impossible. Solomon was a total bookworm. And his family's well off—why would he ever pay attention to me?" 
The nurse's smile vanished. 
"Oh?" she said, voice turning cold. "That's funny, because that's not what he said. So… which one of you is lying?" 
Before Keira could react, there was a sharp click— 
The soldier had cocked his gun, aiming it straight at her head. 
"Talk," he demanded. "Who the hell are you, really?"
###Chapter 871 - 870
Chapter 871: Chapter 870
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira stared at them, momentarily stunned. 
She quickly put on a nervous expression, mentally going over the conversation that had just taken place. 
Nothing seemed off. 
So, they were trying to catch her in a lie? 
Feigning panic, she stammered, "I swear, I’m telling the truth! Solomon must’ve just misremembered... Where is he? I need to see him!" 
The nurse and the soldier immediately grew serious, scrutinizing her closely. 
Keira kept up the frightened act, meeting their gazes with uncertainty. 
Then, out of nowhere, the nurse asked, "Before you got to the island, what was the last meal you ate?" 
Keira pressed her lips together. 
That was a tricky question. She and Lewis hadn’t rehearsed their answers, but she couldn’t afford to hesitate. She had to respond immediately. 
"Before we got to the island, we were hiding on the boat. There wasn’t much to eat—just some bread." 
It was the most logical answer. 
But the nurse wasn’t done. "What about before that? Back in Country T, what was the last meal you had before you got on the boat?" 
Keira furrowed her brows as if trying to recall. "Let me think..." 
These questions were getting harder. 
One wrong answer, and they’d be exposed. 
If that happened, their only option would be to reveal their identities to survive. But if she was caught sneaking back to the South family, she’d lose her position as an heir and be locked away for good. 
Taking a calculated risk, she answered, "We had rice and crab. I love crab..." 
She and Lewis had gone over the details of their supposed trip before, anticipating trouble. They had prepared. 
As she processed this, the nurse fired another question at her. "What color was the outfit you were wearing that day?" 
Keira hesitated briefly. "Red." 
"And your boyfriend?" 
"White button-up." 
The nurse nodded. "The rice—was it plain, or was it a mix of two colors?" 
Keira froze for half a second. 
She hadn’t even thought about that detail. 
That was the problem with answering questions about something you hadn’t actually experienced. The finer points always tripped you up. 
Under the blanket, her fingers curled slightly as she felt a hint of nervousness creeping in. She locked eyes with the nurse and slowly answered, "Two colors." 
Rice in Country T was typically prepared in two ways—single-color or mixed. There was a fifty-fifty chance she’d guess correctly. 
So she bet on it. 
She watched the nurse and the soldier closely, trying to gauge their reaction. 
The nurse studied her for a long moment before suddenly chuckling. "Well, everything you’ve said checks out. We’ll take your word for it." 
Keira blinked. Had she actually guessed right? 
Just as she was processing this, the nurse added, "Your boyfriend, on the other hand, was a bit of a problem. He didn’t answer any of these questions. It was all on you. If you’d hesitated even a little, we would’ve assumed you were both lying." 
Keira’s heart skipped. "What happened to Solomon?" 
The nurse cleared her throat. "He hit his head in the water. Apparently, he has amnesia." 
Keira stared at her, silent for a beat. 
Of course. Lewis was faking it. 
There were too many details to keep track of. They had been separated, so there was no way to coordinate their answers. Faking memory loss was the perfect way to cover up inconsistencies. 
That man had been through too much—dealing with criminals, fighting off pirates. His instincts were sharper than hers... if only by a little. 
Keira mentally gave Lewis some credit before looking back at the nurse. "Can I see him?" 
The nurse coughed lightly. "You can, but only for a bit. You won’t be sharing a room." 
Keira frowned. "Why not?" 
The nurse shot her a sympathetic look. "Uh, we have separate rooms for men and women here. I’ll take you to him." 
Keira threw off the blanket and got out of bed, following the nurse. 
She didn’t understand why the nurse looked at her with such pity. When she’d been answering those questions, even in the tensest moments, the nurse had remained expressionless. 
Did Lewis’s little act backfire? 
Or was something else going on? 
Keira quickened her pace, suddenly uneasy. 
The men’s ward was in a different building, and when she reached it, she immediately noticed something odd. Security was tighter here, noticeably more so than in the women’s ward. 
Was it because men were physically stronger, making them more of an escape risk?
###Chapter 872 - 871
Chapter 872: Chapter 871
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira had assumed that Lewis was being closely guarded, unable to move. 
But she never expected that when she arrived upstairs, she’d walk into... an oasis of luxury? 
The entire third floor didn’t feel like a hospital at all. There was no sharp smell of disinfectant in the hallway, just pristine floors and neatly arranged potted plants along the walls, making the place feel more like a high-end residence than a medical facility. 
Keira frowned, glancing at the nurse. 
The nurse gave her a sympathetic look. "Um, just... try not to get too worked up, okay?" 
Keira was perplexed. 
With a head full of questions, she stepped into the hospital room—and immediately spotted Lewis. 
Dressed in hospital scrubs, he was sitting up in bed. A bandage wrapped around his forehead where he must have hit his head when he fell into the water. 
But standing in front of him was a woman. 
A woman who, despite her plain looks, was dressed in designer clothes and currently fussing over Lewis, handing him things with an almost worshipful enthusiasm. "Solomon, try this." 
She picked up an apple and offered it to him. 
Lewis took it with a slight frown, then looked past her at Keira with an unreadable expression. 
His acting was impeccable—playing the amnesia victim to avoid giving the wrong answers under questioning. Keira knew the test wasn’t over yet, and she could feel the nurse still watching her closely. 
If she and Lewis slipped up even a little, there was a good chance a team of soldiers would burst in and drag them both out of here. 
Keira blinked and asked the nurse, "What’s going on?" 
The nurse coughed. "Oh, well... Miss South here saw Solomon and, uh, fell for him at first sight." 
Keira was dumbfounded. 
She turned to look at the woman—Scarlet South—who was openly swooning over Lewis. 
She fell for him at first sight? 
Okay. And then what? 
As Keira was still processing this, Lewis turned to Scarlet and asked flatly, "Are you sure I’m your fiancé?" 
Keira was even more confused. 
She shot Scarlet a look, only to see her smile sweetly. "Of course! You’re my fiancé, and I’m your fiancée! We were on a boat together when you fell into the water, and that’s why you lost your memory!" 
Keira didn’t know what to say. 
She stared at Lewis, who seemed to be mulling over Scarlet’s words, though Keira, having known him for years, could see the hint of exasperation on his face. 
For a moment, Keira wanted to laugh. 
Lewis pretending to have amnesia was a solid strategy—it kept the nurses and guards from questioning him too hard, reducing the risk of them catching any inconsistencies. 
But he probably never anticipated that he’d end up being claimed by a rich woman with a wild imagination. 
Scarlet was straight-up trying to convince him that she was his fiancée. 
And since he had "amnesia," he couldn’t exactly deny it. 
Talk about being backed into a corner. 
Lewis looked at Keira and sent her a silent plea for help. 
Keira understood. 
Did she want to help him? Not really. It was pretty entertaining. But she also knew this wasn’t the time to sit back and watch the show. Right now, they were supposed to be a couple facing adversity together. 
So she put on her best heartbroken expression and whispered, "You’re his fiancée? Then what does that make me?" 
She clenched her fists and looked at Scarlet. 
Scarlet turned to Keira with a smile. 
Lewis hesitated deliberately and asked, "Who is she?" 
Keira immediately started, "I’m your—mmph!" 
Before she could finish, Scarlet clapped a hand over Keira’s mouth and all but dragged her out of the room. 
The nurse was stunned. 
Lewis, too, furrowed his brow in confusion. 
Outside the room, Keira was just as dumbfounded. 
Scarlet turned to her with a pleading expression. "Miss Olsen, I know all about your tragic love story with Solomon. It’s very moving. But... I really like him. Could you let him go for me?" 
Keira was confused. 
She stared at Scarlet, speechless. 
Scarlet cleared her throat. "We can talk numbers. How about three million?" 
On this remote island, the local currency was the South Dollar. When Keira and Lewis arrived, they didn’t have any money on them. 
They had even joked about figuring out a way to make some quick cash. 
Who would’ve thought that opportunity would just walk right up and hand itself to them on a silver platter?
###Chapter 873 - 872
Chapter 873: Chapter 872
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira’s lips twitched as she caught Scarlet South staring at her, clearly waiting for an answer. 
She cleared her throat lightly and glanced back toward the room behind her. 
Should she throw Lewis under the bus, or turn Scarlet down? 
The answer, of course, was to turn her down. 
For one, handing over her man just like that would be absurd—especially considering the dramatic love story they’d sold to the South family. Besides, if she gave in too easily, Lewis would probably explode from jealousy. 
Back in Clance, that man would get jealous at the drop of a hat—jealous over men, jealous over women, he even got jealous of Amy, for heaven’s sake. 
The man was possessive. No doubt about it. 
Best not to poke the bear. 
Keira lowered her eyes. "I’m sorry, Miss South. Solomon and I are in love. He gave up everything he had back home for me. We’ve been through life and death together. Even if he lost his memory, I still can’t just hand him over." 
Scarlet frowned the second she heard that. "I get it. Solomon’s handsome and seems like a good guy, but I really need him. You have no idea how hard it is to find a decent-looking man in South City. And I just can’t lose... How about five million?" 
Keira hadn’t even replied when Scarlet jumped in again. "Don’t be greedy now. Five million South Dollars is worth fifty million back in Crera. I’d say you’re making out like a bandit." 
Keira blinked. "Yeah... that’s not gonna work." 
"Seven million? Ten?" Scarlet gritted her teeth. 
Ten million. That was... what? A hundred million in Creran currency? 
For an ordinary girl, that was probably a once-in-a-lifetime kind of offer. Keira and Lewis were pretending to be just that—ordinary. 
But Keira still shook her head. "We’re in love. We’ve been through hell together. I can’t just sell him off." 
Scarlet let out a sigh. "Wow, you guys really are something. I’m almost touched. Well, if that’s how it is... I guess I’ll leave it." 
She turned to walk away, but her assistant grabbed her by the arm. 
"You’re giving up just like that?" the assistant hissed. 
Scarlet whispered back, "But they’re engaged. They look so happy. How could I break them up like that?" 
"He’s badly injured, remember? If you hadn’t paid for his treatment, he’d be dead by now. You really think now’s the time to play nice?" 
Scarlet’s eyes lit up. "I get it now!" 
The assistant let out a relieved breath. "Exactly, so what we should do is—" 
"I should use the medical bills to guilt them into acting in my little love story!" 
The assistant looked like she might combust. "Acting? Miss South, your last name is South. That means something here. You’re royalty in this country. Why on earth are you trying to play fair with a couple of nobodies? You saved his life. That means you get to take him." 
Scarlet glanced at Keira. "And what about her?" 
"You’re a South. One word from you and she’ll be tossed into the ocean and eaten by sharks. She’s a refugee. Getting rid of her would be child’s play." 
Scarlet looked stunned. "Seriously? But she’s still a person. You’re saying I should just toss her to the sharks?" 
The assistant was speechless. 
She gave Scarlet a long, tired look, the kind you give when you’re wondering how your boss could possibly be this softhearted. "If you don’t take Solomon now, you’ll have no boyfriend, no husband, no male companion—and what will you use to compete with Miss Lena South?" 
That hit home. Scarlet’s expression shifted instantly to full-on villain mode. "You’re right. There’s no way I’m losing to Lena!" 
Then she turned and glared at Keira. "Hey! I’m warning you. If you don’t give that man to me, I’ll have you thrown into the ocean and fed to the sharks. Got it?" 
Keira said nothing. 
Not only had she heard that, she’d heard every word of the whole whispered conversation. 
Scarlet’s attempt at a menacing glare was... honestly kind of cute. 
Keira sighed. "Then go ahead. Feed me to the sharks." 
Scarlet’s eyes went wide, like a startled baby deer.
###Chapter 874 - 873
Chapter 874: Chapter 873
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Scarlet stared at Keira like she couldn’t believe what she was hearing, brows scrunching up. "Is love really that important? Girl, wake up. Men are the last thing you should count on!" 
Keira didn’t even flinch. "Solomon’s different." 
Scarlet shot her a look like she’d completely lost it. "I swear, I’m this close to tossing you into the ocean and letting the sharks handle it." 
Keira raised a brow but didn’t respond. Before she could, Scarlet’s assistant jumped in. 
"Hey, do you even know who Miss South is around here? Lemme give you a little crash course." 
Keira had been dying to know more about the South family, and now someone had just offered it up on a silver platter. She nodded right away. "Please, go ahead." 
The assistant puffed up proudly. "This whole island—our home base—has over twenty million people. We’re more than just a family; we’re a sovereign state. The South family? We’re the uncrowned rulers of South Country." 
Keira nodded. That part she already knew. She turned to Scarlet, eyeing her curiously. "So... you’re a South too?" 
Scarlet tilted her chin up, like it should’ve been obvious. 
Keira added, "Direct bloodline?" 
Scarlet coughed. "Not exactly." 
The assistant scoffed. "Do you think you can just bump into a direct descendant on the street? Get real. But don’t get it twisted—Miss South might not be one of the nine heiresses, but among the extended family? She’s top-tier. Her dad’s a South through and through. Practically siblings with the mothers of those nine heirs. Got it now?" 
Keira nodded slowly. "Got it." 
In this country, women held the highest power. The current leader and all nine official heirs were women. But of course, that didn’t mean men didn’t exist—they just didn’t hold succession rights. When the sons married out, they kept the South name, but their kids? Not considered part of the core bloodline. 
Keira hesitated. "So... who exactly is Miss South’s father related to?" 
The South family didn’t pass power down to sons, but that didn’t mean men weren’t involved. A man could father dozens of children, but a woman? She only had so many chances. So in the end, "direct line" just meant daughters. 
Even the mothers of the nine heirs—Keira was sure—they couldn’t all be sisters by blood. 
Her question clearly hit a nerve. 
Scarlet’s face turned red, and she snapped, "You wouldn’t know her. Her name’s Jodie South... she’s not one of the nine heiresses’ moms. She—she lost out in the last round of succession. But don’t look down on her! She was amazing! If she hadn’t disappeared, her daughter would’ve been a top contender this round, no question. I mean, my aunt was this close to becoming the last family head." 
The assistant nodded firmly. "That’s right. Over twenty years ago, she was leading the race. Then something happened, and—well, let’s just say it didn’t end how we thought it would." 
Scarlet pouted, clearly annoyed. 
But Keira? She froze. 
Wait—what? 
Her mom wasn’t her grandmother’s only child? 
Her grandmother had a son? 
Just as she was trying to wrap her head around it, a sharp, mocking voice cut through. 
"Bragging about the past now? Girl, give it a rest." 
The voice came from behind her. Keira turned to see a girl walking over, her face sharp, her tone even sharper. 
She had that smug, mean-girl smirk. "Your aunt might’ve had her moment back then, but my aunt is the one running the show now. Scarlet, seriously, flexing in front of some drifter? Aren’t you embarrassed?" 
Scarlet’s expression stiffened. "Lena, what are you even doing here?" 
Lena grinned. "What am I doing? Oh, I heard you had your eye on some cute little boy toy, so I came to see the drama unfold. But what do I walk into? You, blowing smoke." 
Then she turned to Keira, her smile turning syrupy and cruel. "Don’t believe a word she says. Her aunt’s a traitor. She just got dragged back recently and now spends her days livestreaming public apologies." 
Keira’s fists clenched. 
Lena kept going. "Honestly, Scarlet, have you no shame? With an aunt like that? She ditched the South family during the last succession battle and never came back. What’s there to be proud of? My aunt won. And her daughter? She’s gonna win this time too. But your aunt, Jodie South? Doesn’t even have a daughter. Oh wait—rumor has it she did, but the kid’s dead, right? Which means your whole branch? Officially out of the running forever." 
Scarlet snapped. "Shut your mouth! Don’t you dare talk about my aunt like that!"
###Chapter 875 - 874
Chapter 875: Chapter 874
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira looked at Scarlet in astonishment. 
She hadn’t expected Scarlet to defend her mother. 
While she was still thinking, Lena spoke again. "Why should I shut up? What I’m saying isn’t the truth? Oh, I see, it’s fine for your aunt to do what she does, but we can’t talk about it?" 
Scarlet’s face flushed red. 
Lena continued. "Your aunt is nothing but a coward, a traitor! Over all these years, why do I have male companions one after another, while you can’t find even one man willing to stay with you? Isn’t that proof enough? Your father only ever had your mother, but with you, you can’t even find a single male companion!" 
Scarlet immediately shouted, "Who says I don’t have any? What nonsense are you talking about? I have plenty of men chasing after me. It’s just that I haven’t found one I like. I’m not like you. My parents were loyal to each other their whole lives, and I, too, prefer loyalty and love between one man and one woman for a lifetime. And you think any woman would want to be like you, reducing herself to nothing more than a breeding tool? Hmph!" 
Lena sneered. "You might want to do that, but without a man, how could you? Actually, I’ve got an idea. There are plenty of excellent sperm donors in the sperm bank. If you really can’t find a man, why don’t you just go for artificial insemination?" 
Scarlet’s eyes reddened. "You...!" 
She was too angry to get any words out. She pointed at Lean, her eyes welling up as tears threatened to spill. 
Lena immediately looked smug and turned to Keira. "See that? All the things she said earlier—actually, her family has no real influence here. Are you a wanderer? If you’re willing to leave her and hang out with me, I can introduce you to more South Family members. And I wouldn’t even fight over men with you! After all, I have so many of them around me, I’ve never been so deprived, unlike in her situation!" 
Scarlet instantly turned to Keira, looking aggrieved. 
Keira pressed her lips together and said nothing. 
Lena laughed. "See that, Scarlet? No one here is willing to hang out with you, let alone be your friend! Including even these newcomers who just landed—literal bottom-tier wanderers!" 
Scarlet lowered her head, glancing at Keira. 
Suddenly, Keira smiled. 
Lena quickly said, "Why are you smiling? Are you laughing at Scarlet South?" 
She smirked smugly, "You don’t need to hold back. Say whatever you want in front of me. She wouldn’t dare do anything to you!" 
Scarlet lowered her head sadly. 
Jodie South was the disgrace of the entire nation, constantly berated in live broadcasts. Each time she was flogged, her father would clench his fists tightly, stare at the screen, and brood for the entire day with a darkened face. 
Her father had once said, they must not resent her aunt. 
And so, Scarlet never dared to hold resentment toward Jodie South. 
Because her father and their family held such significant power in the nation, allowed to live so comfortably, all thanks to the battles her aunt had fought for them. 
If her aunt hadn’t been the heir, hadn’t participated in the previous round of the heir selection, they wouldn’t have their current status as one of South Country’s secondary powers. 
But by the same token, their immense power and poor reputation were all because of her aunt. 
Scarlet South took a deep breath. 
Her gaze shifted to the wanderer. That girl had come all this way with Solomon just to survive. Now, she would probably align herself with Lena, wouldn’t she? 
It would be hard to say she wasn’t upset, but thinking of how she had just threatened her earlier... 
Scarlet realized she didn’t stand a chance anymore. 
She looked to Keira and said, "You should choose her. I won’t fight for your fiancé." 
Having said that, Scarlet turned to leave, only to hear Keira’s voice suddenly behind her. 
"I’m laughing at you." 
Scarlet froze and turned back, only to see Keira directing her words not at her but at Lena. 
Scarlet was stunned. 
Lena, even more taken aback, asked, "What did you say?" 
Keira met her gaze directly. "I said, I’m laughing at you. It’s said the South Family is matriarchal, but I don’t see that reflected in you at all. You’re making comparisons using men, competing over reproductive roles... Isn’t this something any woman can do? What’s the point of comparing? You want to reduce yourself to a breeding tool, but how dare you apply that definition to Miss Scarlet South?" 
She stepped forward, forcing Lena to take a step back. "To preserve so-called genes, every heir is crazed about having children. But only Jodie South resisted, only she sought her true self! That’s why I laugh at you—and why I look down on you." 
After Keira finished her sentence, Lena staggered slightly, her expression shifting dramatically. "Oh, so a wanderer like you dares mock me? Do you even realize, barring the nine heirs, I’m the most powerful person on this island?" 
Keira let out a faint snicker but didn’t reply. 
Seeing this, Lena grew even more furious. She shouted aloud. "How dare you laugh at me? Look down on me? You must have a death wish! Throw her into the ocean! Don’t let her set foot on South Family land ever again!"
###Chapter 876 - 875
Chapter 876: Chapter 875
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira frowned. As soon as Lena finished speaking, a few people behind her stepped forward. Keira’s mind kicked into overdrive, scrambling for a way to deal with Lena. 
Going head-to-head was out of the question. She didn’t have a single weapon on her, and she’d never take down the South family’s people on her own. Not to mention, if she so much as raised a hand, the soldiers stationed nearby would probably swarm her in a heartbeat. 
But what, she was just supposed to let them toss her into the ocean? 
No way. 
She looked straight at Scarlet. 
Sure enough, Scarlet stepped forward and blocked Lena’s path. "You’re not doing this." 
Lena let out a cold laugh. "And who are you to stop me? Since when did you get a say in what I decide?" 
"She’s my friend," Scarlet said firmly. "We’re of the same rank. Why can’t I have a say?" 
"Same rank?" Lena sneered. "You really believe that? The whole ’second-tier branch’ label might be the official line, but you seriously think you measure up?" 
Scarlet’s expression darkened. "Whether I do or not isn’t for you to decide. I still hold the title, and it counts. If you’re so determined to kick her out, go talk to your aunt and have the family head bring it up with my dad." 
Lena’s eyes turned cold. "No need to bother my aunt over something so minor." 
Scarlet snorted. "Oh, is that what it is? You’re not ’bothering’ her, or are you just scared? The family head has always been fair—never played favorites. You don’t dare take this to her, do you?" 
Lena clenched her fists. "Don’t flatter yourself. She’s my aunt—do you really think she’d side with you if it came down to it? But fine. I’m not wasting my time on this." 
She turned her glare to Keira. "I’ll let you go today. But don’t get too comfortable. Scarlet, you’d better keep your little friend glued to your side, or next time? She’s gone." 
With that, Lena turned and strutted off like she owned the place. 
Scarlet immediately let out a breath of relief. 
Keira looked at her and couldn’t help but ask, "Didn’t you just say your family head plays fair? What are you so afraid of?" 
Scarlet shot her a look. "You clearly haven’t met her. Nobody walks in there ’just to talk.’ She gives you one look and it chills you to your bones." 
Keira blinked. She’d thought Scarlet was fearless just a moment ago, but clearly, even she was intimidated by the current head of the family. 
Then again, it made sense. Anyone who could win the last inheritance battle... definitely wasn’t ordinary. 
She suddenly found herself intrigued. 
As Keira was mulling this over, Scarlet sighed and gave her a look. "Seriously, what were you thinking? You’re new here, don’t know how anything works, and you go and make enemies already? Weren’t you even a little worried she might actually toss you into the sea?" 
Keira didn’t say anything. 
The truth was, it hadn’t been a rash move. 
From their conversation, she’d drawn a few conclusions. Scarlet was straightforward and kind—someone who’d stand her ground. As long as Scarlet was around, Lena wouldn’t dare go too far. 
And clearly, Scarlet and Lena were natural enemies. Even though Jodie South was in prison, and the whole family’s reputation had taken a hit, Lena’s aunt was the family head and still didn’t dare go after Scarlet too hard. That said a lot about Scarlet’s family’s standing. 
As she was piecing it all together, Scarlet spoke again. "Our branch of the family... we’re a little different from the rest." 
Keira tilted her head. "Different how?" 
"We’re the main line. Direct blood." 
Keira blinked. "You mean... like, true heirs?" 
Scarlet nodded. "Our ancestors were the first in the family with prophetic abilities. Back in the early days, every family head came from our line. The other branches? They were just raising children to compete, like a selection process. But then, in the 134th generation, our heir lost the match, and someone from a side branch took the lead. Even so, our line has always held a special place in the family." 
Keira was starting to get it now. 
Bloodlines and legacy mattered—a lot—in the South family. 
But... why? 
Scarlet answered before she even asked. "They say our family’s prophetic ability is tied to our blood. The old heads used to be able to predict anything, with no time limits. But ever since the side branch took over, the current head can only make one prophecy every seven days. The power’s weakening, and not because of anything else—it’s the bloodline. It’s diluted. That’s why everyone’s waiting. Waiting for someone from the direct line to take back the title." 
Keira sat there, stunned. 
Wait... this whole family really did have blood-based prophetic powers?
###Chapter 877 - 876
Chapter 877: Chapter 876
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira was still trying to wrap her head around what exactly the South family’s so-called bloodline power was when Scarlet frowned and said, "You just pissed off Lena. It’s too dangerous for you to stay here. Look—why don’t you and your fiancé come with me?" 
Keira raised an eyebrow and gave her a look. 
Scarlet jumped in immediately, "Relax, I’m not trying to steal your man." 
Then she turned back toward the road ahead, her tone firm. "You were right. Chasing clout by hanging onto a man? That’s what losers do. My aunt had the guts to leave the South family. If she could pull that off with her own convictions, then I can too. After all, I am a legitimate South... though, I guess in the next generation I’d technically be a branch family." 
Keira watched her talk and smiled faintly. 
Then she lowered her eyes and asked quietly, "How do we go with you?" 
Scarlet didn’t hesitate. "The way this place handles outsiders is honestly pretty harsh. Even though you two landed safely, you still don’t have official IDs. You’ve got to stay for at least a hundred days and prove your value before they’ll issue anything. Once you have ID, you can work, and they’ll assign you housing. But until then? You’re basically undocumented. Employers take a risk hiring you. So I’ll hire you." 
A few minutes later— 
Keira and Lewis were sitting across from Scarlet. 
Her assistant stood behind her and asked bluntly, "So, what skills do you two have?" 
Keira and Lewis exchanged a look. This was... awkward. They both had a wide range of skills, but nothing exactly conventional. 
Keira gave it a moment and said, "I can cook?" 
Scarlet rolled her eyes. "So you were a housewife? Look, we’re not short on cooks here. We even have culinary schools. You won’t get far with just that. Forget it—cooking’s a no-go. Do you know anything about computers?" 
Keira blinked. "A little?" 
"Great. You’ll be my assistant." 
At that, Scarlet’s current assistant shot Keira a deadly glare. 
Keira arched her brow slightly. Oh, she got it now. That was territorial—he thought she was stepping on his turf. 
Then Scarlet turned to Lewis. "What about you, Solomon? What can you do?" 
Lewis cleared his throat. "I... don’t remember." 
Scarlet turned to Keira. "Well, do you remember? What’s he good at?" 
Keira thought for a second. "He’s good in a fight."
"Perfect. Then you’ll be my bodyguard," Scarlet said without missing a beat. 
Her assistant immediately ed, "Miss, bodyguards should be the most loyal people around. They—" 
"It’s settled." 
Scarlet shut it down and stood up. "I’ll give you half an hour to pack. Then you’re coming home with me." 
Keira and Lewis each headed to their rooms to change out of their hospital clothes. 
Keira looked at the outfit Scarlet had left for her and frowned. 
A maid outfit? Seriously? 
Was this how her household staff dressed? 
Then she thought about Scarlet’s assistant... 
Oh. It wasn’t Scarlet. Her assistant must’ve picked it out. Just a petty power play to put her in her place. 
Keira sighed, said nothing, and changed into the outfit anyway. 
As she stepped out of the room, Lewis came out from the room across the hall at the same time. He was in a crisp white dress shirt with a fitted black vest, sleeves rolled just so, a slim black armband around one arm. Tall, lean, and absurdly good-looking, he had that clean, almost monastic charm that turned heads. 
Keira’s eyes lit up the moment she saw him. 
Lewis caught her reaction and gave a comforting smile. "Do I look alright?" 
Keira nodded. "You look amazing. Honestly, dressed like that, you could pass for Scarlet’s... boy toy." 
The smile on Lewis’s face vanished like a light switch. 
Of course. He’d felt something was off about this outfit. It had that weird, over-styled vibe. 
Now he knew why.
###Chapter 878 - 877
Chapter 878: Chapter 877
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira and Lewis followed Scarlet back to her home. 
Scarlet’s house wasn’t just a house—it was a full-blown estate, complete with staff bustling around like clockwork. 
Keira and Scarlet shared one car, while Lewis was sent off to ride with the security team. The assistant sat up front in the passenger seat, glancing occasionally at the rearview mirror where the two girls were chatting like old friends. 
Keira was usually quiet, but Scarlet had clearly decided she’d found a kindred spirit. She chattered nonstop, her words tumbling out in a rush. 
Gone was the bratty, bossy girl they’d met earlier. Now she was all smiles and affection, calling Keira "Dear Norma" every other sentence like they were childhood besties. 
Keira listened with half an ear, her gaze drifting out the window at the passing scenery. 
The last time she’d come to the South family’s place, she’d been locked up in her foster mother’s house and hadn’t gotten a good look at anything. Now, as they drove through the area, she finally took it all in—and realized just how different this city was. 
Everything here felt... advanced. Not just modern, but refined. Polished. Mechanized in the way only the best-designed cities could be. 
The cars on the road moved in smooth, coordinated lines. The buildings looked brand new, their glass facades gleaming. And everyone on the sidewalks seemed genuinely happy, their faces lit with easy smiles. 
It was like stepping into some kind of utopia. You didn’t even see beggars on the street. Everyone had a job—or if they didn’t, they had government support that made sure they could still live decently. 
Discrimination seemed nonexistent here. Apart from the South family sitting high up on their throne, everyone else was treated as equals. 
Cooks got the same respect as scientists. No one looked down on anyone else just because of what they did for a living. 
It felt... surreal. 
But that’s exactly what Scarlet had told her, and so far, everything Keira saw backed it up. Even the waitstaff and customers at roadside diners treated each other with mutual courtesy and warmth. 
It all seemed too good to be true. 
By the time they pulled into the driveway, Keira had nearly forgotten where they were headed. The car rolled to a stop in the estate’s underground garage, and a uniformed servant walked up to meet them. 
"Miss Scarlet, did you get into it with Miss Lena again? Your father already knows." 
Scarlet rolled her eyes. "Seriously? Always running to tattle. Can’t they come up with a new move?" 
Even as she grumbled, she stepped neatly out of the car, motioning for Keira and Lewis to follow her inside. 
As they entered the massive living room, Scarlet turned and whispered, "Okay, just a heads-up. My dad can be... intense. Kind of a control freak. Try not to say anything, alright?" 
Keira nodded, though she didn’t quite agree. A man who could forgive her mother—Jodie South—probably wasn’t all that bad. 
Then she saw him. 
Sitting on the sofa, arms resting on a sleek cane, was a sharply dressed man in a black tailcoat. Mid-forties, maybe early fifties. His hair was perfectly slicked back, his posture impeccable. There was a sternness to him, etched deep in the frown lines between his brows. 
He looked like someone used to being obeyed. 
Keira studied him closely—and yeah, he did resemble Jodie South, at least a little. She, on the other hand, took after Uncle Olsen more. 
The man gave her a cursory glance, then turned back to Scarlet and barked, "Kneel." 
Keira blinked. 
Scarlet, without missing a beat, gave a dramatic sigh and dropped to her knees like it was something she did all the time. 
Keira hesitated. Was this... normal? 
Scarlet’s father stared her down. "Do you even know what you did wrong? Do you know why you’re on your knees right now?" 
Scarlet scoffed. "Sure. Because I pissed off Lena again. But she started it! Just because Aunt Jodie’s locked up doesn’t mean we have to tiptoe around Lena like she’s royalty. We’re the direct bloodline, Dad. Why do I always have to be the one backing down?" 
Her father stood abruptly. "That’s not why I’m angry. And I’m not punishing you over Lena." 
Scarlet blinked. "Then what is it?" 
He pointed at Keira and Lewis. "Them. Who are they? Why did you bring them here? It’s one thing to stir up trouble with Lena, but why are you dragging these two strays into it? They ticked her off too, and now you’ve brought them home?" 
Scarlet opened her mouth but didn’t say a word. 
Before she could recover, he snapped again. "Guards. Get them out of here. Now."
###Chapter 879 - 878
Chapter 879: Chapter 878
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Scarlet’s father, Thomas South, stood there, fury written all over his face as he glared at Keira and Lewis. 
The moment his voice dropped, two security guards burst in, heading straight for the pair. 
Keira frowned and exchanged a look with Lewis. 
Without needing a word, the two of them stepped back—right behind Scarlet. As expected, she immediately blocked the guards, arms spread wide. 
"Don’t touch them!" she shouted. 
She got to her feet and locked eyes with her father. "Dad, they’re my friends!" 
"Friends? They’re strays, Scarlet! Do you have any idea what kind of situation we’re in right now?" Thomas bellowed, his anger boiling over. "Lena’s family is just waiting for us to slip up. Your aunt’s already being held, and if we so much as breathe wrong, we’re done for! This family’s already on thin ice thanks to her!" 
His sharp features twisted with rage, making his usually handsome face look almost grotesque. 
Scarlet clenched her fists. "But Dad, that’s not what you said before. You said it wasn’t her fault..." 
Thomas let out a bitter laugh. "What do you know? You think our family’s still some fairytale dream of flowers and sunshine? The heir of the main bloodline—that title alone is a thorn in the side of the current head of the South family! Your aunt came back, but she refuses to have children. And today? I got called in and chewed out again!" 
Scarlet blinked in shock. "Wait, what?" 
Thomas took a deep breath and sat down, pressing a hand to his chest like it hurt just to talk. 
The butler stepped in quickly. "Miss Scarlet, please don’t upset the master anymore. You weren’t there to hear how cruel the family head was. They’re desperate to force your aunt. If she still won’t give them a direct heir... they’re planning to come after you next. After all, you’re her only living relative." 
Scarlet stumbled back a step, her eyes wide as she looked at her father. "Dad... I didn’t know things were this bad for you." 
Thomas didn’t hesitate. "Well, now you do. So go on—kick them out." 
Scarlet shook her head. "No. They’re my friends. They stood up to Lena today—for me. If they leave now, it’s as good as signing their death warrant. I can’t just throw them out." 
Thomas’s eyes flared. "You let them stay, and tomorrow the family head will be at our doorstep. What do you want to see when I come back tomorrow, Scarlet? A broken arm? A leg? What?" 
She clenched her fists tighter. "But Dad, you always told me—never turn your back on the people who’ve helped you." 
Thomas exhaled hard, then offered a compromise. "Fine. Give them a boat. Get them off South Island. Lena’s reach only stretches as far as this family. If they’re off the island, they might have a shot. Just... make sure they leave quietly." 
Scarlet hesitated, glancing at Keira. 
Keira looked from Thomas to Scarlet, then finally said, "It’s okay. We’ll go." 
She took Lewis’s hand, ready to walk out when Scarlet called after her. 
"No! You leave now, Lena will kill you the minute you’re out of sight. Getting rid of someone like you? That’s nothing to her!" 
Scarlet marched forward and grabbed Keira’s hand. "I’m not letting you leave. I know you can’t go—" 
She turned to Thomas. "Dad, the people who want them dead? They’re right outside. If they walk out that door, they won’t make it off the island alive. We can’t just abandon them." 
Thomas sighed deeply. "Why did I raise you to be so soft-hearted? Scarlet, we’re barely surviving as it is. We don’t have room to care about someone else’s life or death. Just get them off the island. Staying here will get them killed. Out there, they at least have a chance. Even if their enemies are lurking nearby, they can’t cover the whole island. Find a quiet corner. Let them out where no one’s watching. The world’s a big place. They’ll survive."
Scarlet was silent for a second, unsure. 
"No more excuses," Thomas said. "You’re worried? Fine. I’ll escort them myself. I’ll get them to the mainland, safe and sound. How’s that?" 
He didn’t wait for an answer. He walked straight up to Keira and Lewis, voice low and sharp. "You’re outsiders. If you came here with any kind of agenda, you won’t make it off this island. But if you didn’t... then I’ve offered you a way out. You’d better take it. I trust you’re smart enough to know what to do." 
Keira’s brow furrowed. 
They’d risked everything to get here—and now, they were just supposed to leave?
###Chapter 880 - 879: A Day Trip Only?
Chapter 880: Chapter 879: A Day Trip Only?
Editor: Henyee Translations 
Keira frowned. 
Having finally made it up here, we’re just going to leave? 
Keira was about to say something when Thomas grabbed her shoulder. "What, don’t want to leave? Then you must have ulterior motives!" 
As soon as he said this, a lot of bodyguards rushed in, surrounding them all. 
Scarlet immediately shouted, "Dad, what are you doing?" 
Thomas South took a deep breath and looked at Scarlet. "They’re plotting against you, Scarlet. People outside are evil. Have you seen that clearly?" 
Scarlet shook her head. "I don’t believe it. Norma just wants to stay for some protection!" 
Thomas was anguished. "How could I have such a foolish daughter? Guards. Take her to her room." 
With these words, two bodyguards stepped forward, grabbing Scarlet’s arms on either side. 
Scarlet showed an angry expression. "What are you doing? Let me go!" 
But the two bodyguards didn’t let go; they only slightly bowed their heads and spoke to Scarlet. "Miss, sorry." 
Then they applied a little force and lifted Scarlet, taking her upstairs. 
Keira frowned at the scene. 
Scarlet shouted, "Dad, let me go, don’t drive my friends away! They’re all my friends! You are not allowed to hurt them; otherwise, I’ll... I’ll go on a hunger strike!" 
As Scarlet’s voice finally disappeared behind a door, Thomas looked at Keira and Lewis. "This way. I’ll see you off." 
Keira frowned and exchanged a glance with Lewis. 
Keira knew she had encountered a tough adversary. 
Thomas was in his forties. Having experienced the family’s decline, he was bound to be resourceful and difficult to deceive. 
Keira took a deep breath, clenched her fists, but Lewis shook his head at her slightly. 
Keira understood that exposing their disguise now wouldn’t work. With so many people, once they caught the two of them, they’d surely secure them. 
She could only nod. "Okay, we’ll go with you." 
Thomas waved his hand, and the rest of the bodyguards surrounded them, clearly not intending to give Keira and Lewis any chance to escape. 
Keira followed behind them helplessly.
Thomas, as a descendant of the direct lineage, certainly traveled with a grand entourage. Rows of luxury cars drove on the road towards the coastline. 
Keira and Lewis were bound at the hands, sitting in Thomas’s car. 
Thomas looked at Keira and sneered. "People from the mainland are cunning. You saw that my daughter was easy to deceive, so you targeted her, didn’t you?" 
Keira replied calmly, "I approached her because she is kind." 
Thomas squinted his dark eyes. "Enough! With me here, no one can deceive my daughter. I’m telling you, today you must leave. Do you see? People surround us from all directions. You can’t escape." 
Keira followed his instructions and saw dozens of black cars guarding the vehicle they were in. 
Keira looked at Thomas, giving Lewis a glance. ’If we kidnap him, threaten others, then escape as refugees, how about it?’ 
Lewis, however, shook his head slightly, giving a look toward Thomas’s left hand. 
His left hand was always resting at his waist, where there was a gun. 
Keira understood, Lewis meant that if she dared to act recklessly, Thomas could kill her with one shot. 
Even if she acted quickly, the car’s interior space was too narrow. 
Keira sighed in resignation. 
The car swaggered through the bustling city before finally reaching the coastline. Looking at the vast blue ocean, Keira found it amusing. 
Having come to save her mother, was this just a one-day tour of the South family’s island? 
Is she really going to be sent back just like that? 
Keira narrowed her eyes. 
But Thomas didn’t give her any chance to argue. Upon arrival, he had the bodyguards throw the two onto a boat, and waved grandly. "Start the boat directly, send them away!"
###Chapter 881 880
The South family's power was nothing to scoff at. Before long, a small boat came gliding toward the shore.
The bodyguards stood stiff-backed, hands behind them, eyes sharp and watchful as they forced Keira and Lewis down to the waterline. Once the boat steadied, the two were shoved aboard.
They glanced around, puzzled.
The boat looked small from the outside, but inside it was surprisingly well-equipped—plenty of food and water for nearly a week, life jackets, tools for navigation, even gear for emergencies at sea.
It wasn't much bigger than the vessel they'd taken to get here, but the design was just as complete, maybe even safer.
Keira exchanged a look with Lewis. Something was off.
Just moments ago, they'd been mocked as untrustworthy mainlanders, and now they were being handed a boat stocked like a rescue craft?
Was this really how the South family treated outsiders? If someone didn't know better, they'd think they were family. Surely Thomas wasn't doing all this just because Scarlet called them friends.
Family.
The thought struck Keira like lightning. She looked at Lewis, and he gave the faintest nod.
Her fingers, hidden behind her back, twisted slightly, and the rope binding her slipped free. She stepped quickly off the boat before it could shove off, lifted her chin, and called out, "Mr. South, may I have a word?"
Thomas's brow furrowed. His voice was cold. "There's nothing to say. Get out of here. This isn't your place."
"If you still want us gone after I speak, I won't argue," Keira said quickly.
He hesitated, frowning, clearly torn. At last he waved a hand, and the bodyguards parted to make way.
Keira jumped down, walked up to him, and in a voice only he could hear, said, "Uncle."
Thomas's eyes flickered with alarm, but he recovered fast, lowering his voice with a scowl. "What did you just call me?"
Keira smiled faintly. "Uncle. I know you recognized me."
He took a step back, letting out a short, cold laugh. "I have no idea what you're talking about. Don't think pretending closeness will change anything. I'm not as easy to fool as Scarlet."
Keira chuckled softly. "Then why stock that boat so carefully? Since when does the South family care this much about the safety of a couple of nobodies?"
His brow creased. "That was just the boat available."
"And if you really wanted us gone, you could've just thrown us out of the compound," she pressed. "Why insist on escorting us away? Uncle, what is it you're afraid of?"
Thomas had no answer. After a pause, he said curtly, "We're done here. Leave."
He turned as if to go.
"Uncle, I know you recognized me. Even if you send me away today, I'll find a way back," Keira called after him, her voice firm and unshakable.
Thomas stopped and looked at her. A long sigh escaped him. She was his sister's daughter—how could he not see it in her face, in that same quiet strength?
The South family's world was a tangled mess. He had schemed for years and still couldn't free his sister. What chance did Keira have, with no footing here? Keeping her close might only destroy her. That was why he wanted her gone.
But he hadn't expected her to be this sharp, this resolute. So much like her mother.
"Uncle, running away won't solve anything. And I will take my mom away," Keira said, her eyes cutting through him.
"Your mother wouldn't want you in danger," Thomas muttered.
Keira smiled faintly. "I'll take care of myself."
They stood in silence, staring at each other.
Though this was their first meeting, Keira felt a jolt of something deeper. The bond of family.
Surely her uncle had fought hard to rescue her mother too.
Just as the thought crossed her mind, dozens of armed men suddenly appeared, surrounding them.
Machine guns leveled, muzzles trained on Keira and Thomas.
"Don't move!"
Keira froze. In the next second, Thomas stepped in front of her, shielding her. Lewis moved quickly to her side, the two men boxing her in protectively.
Then a sleek car rolled up and stopped. Out stepped Lena South and a middle-aged man, both looking smug and self-assured.
Lena jabbed a finger toward Keira and Lewis, her voice shrill. "Dad, those are the two outsiders who bullied me! Kill them!"
###Chapter 882 881:
Keira narrowed her eyes.
The air was tight with tension, both sides' bodyguards wound up like springs, as if a single spark would set off a war.
Lena lifted her chin proudly, looking down at Keira and Lewis with smug disdain. "Cross me and there's only one way out for you—dead."
Scarlet outranked her as part of the direct line, so Lena couldn't touch her easily. But two outsiders? That was another story.
Besides, with her father standing here today, even Thomas wouldn't be able to shield them. After all, her aunt was the current head of the family.
The direct line had lost its edge.
Keira kept her gaze steady on Lena, then shifted it to the man at her side. That had to be Mason South, younger brother of the current head.
Fox had once warned her about him—ruthless, the kind of man who rarely moved but, when he did, it was always a killing blow.
Would someone like him really show up just because she and Lewis ticked off Lena?
Something didn't add up. And just as that unease settled in, a voice rang out.
"Lena! I knew you couldn't let this go!"
Scarlet's voice carried across the tension. She came running to Keira's side, glaring furiously at Lena. "If you've got a problem, come at me. Bullying others doesn't make you tough."
After Keira had been dragged off, Scarlet had fought tooth and nail to shake her guards, finally breaking free just in time.
She'd made it—Keira hadn't been shipped out.
Scarlet shot a look at Lena, lips curling. Typical. Couldn't handle a little argument without running to her father.
Lena rolled her eyes. "Since when do I need your permission to deal with two vagrants?"
"You—" Scarlet planted her fists on her hips, bristling like a fighting rooster. "If you want to kill them, tell me what law they broke. Our family's territory doesn't allow cold-blooded murder."
"Murder? So what if I do? What can you do about it? Run to the head of the family and tattle? And by the way, every law in this country falls under my father's authority."
Her tone dripped with arrogance, her expression one of someone long accustomed to privilege.
Keira pressed her lips together, silent, her focus locked on Mason.
Thomas's eyes never left him either.
The two men stood apart, letting the young women squabble like schoolkids, making no move to interfere.
"Enough," Thomas finally broke in.
But speaking first was a mistake.
Scarlet clamped her mouth shut at once, then leaned toward Keira. "See that speedboat? If they make a move, I'll keep the guards busy. You two head straight for it."
Keira touched her hand lightly, but didn't answer.
Lena caught them whispering and flared with anger. "I'm arguing with you, and you've got the nerve to talk to someone else? You're both whispering about me, aren't you?"
She grabbed Mason's arm, tugging hard. "Dad, just kill them already!"
Mason shot her a flat look, his voice low and edged. "Quiet."
The warning in his tone sent her shrinking back, silenced.
Then Mason flicked his hand. At once, the guards tightened the circle, weapons raised.
Scarlet stiffened, eyes on him, as Mason stepped forward, slow and deliberate, until he stopped in front of Thomas.
"Thomas," he said evenly, "you're coming with me."
Keira's pupils contracted. Her head snapped toward Thomas.
Just as she suspected.
Mason hadn't come here over a squabble with Lena. His target all along was Thomas South.
Scarlet froze, staring at him in disbelief. "Uncle Mason… where are you taking my dad?"
